<Author>cupidosiris
<Content>Nice hotel       Street sign outside  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monarchtravel
<Content>Very Modern Lovely Hotel - But Small Room This hotel was quite chic and in a wonderful location in the city. However, after admiring the high tec room and bathroom we realized that there was really hardly any room for our belongings in either room. Too modern with not enough thought to practical matters. For one person with not much luggage or anything else it would be a wonderful room, but for two people with lots of luggage it was too tight. The room and bathroom were very clean, but the bed and pillows were extremely uncomfortable. I called the desk for an additional pillow which took about 45 minutes to receive and it was the same hard pillow as on the bed. They need to offer some other types of pillows. Don't bother with the over priced breakfast offered but walk down the street to D.O.C.C.S for a quick good breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Cigarfreak
<Content>Nothing you wont like at the Soho This is a very good hotel, perfectly located to explore Madird either on foot or with the subway. There are a few subway stations near the hotel, Anton Martin being 200m away.I know the city prett ywell so chose this hotel to be around basically everything in a short stroll or within a 5鈧?taxi ride. Very close to the museums, Plaza del Sol, Gran Via, Salamanca and Fuencarral. It is located on a busy side street very close to Plaza Santa Ana.They gave us a room on the first floor looking to the corner where the two of the five buildings forming the hotel meet. It was extremely dark and gloomy so we switched to a room at another building with two splendid Parisian balconies looking to the street. Very bright and spacious. Both of the rooms were decorated the same but the shape of the new room was much better. Even though we stayed at the end of September the room got very hot in the afternoons. This might be an issue in July and August. Though it cools out in minutes after you turn on the AC. There is some noise on the street that you can hear late at night and early in the morning. Nothing intolerable when you are amused by what Madrid has to offer though. Bathrooms are very modern but again a bit dark. Hotel has a very nice court yard where I had a glass of Cava everynight before dinner. The lobby and the common areas are extremely modern. There is nothing in this hotel you will not like as long as you pay around 125鈧? Perfect location, great decor, comfortable beds, attentive staff!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>trikked
<Content>While the room looked nice鈥?#x201d; While the room looked nice, the service was a disgrace. From an unwelcome wakening at 9 in the morning, to a mix-up over breakfast and room service, to having to fetch our own bags from the storage room at the back and no attempt to help with a taxi to the airport - the best customer service and only smile we received whilst there was from the chamber maid. For the price - rubbish鈥?/p>  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>luxellite
<Content>Room 107 I have booked a double bedroom in Vincci Soho hotel, read the room description on the website, stating some 19sqm of modern decor room. Upon arrival (very late) I indeed have gotten the promissed room size . However, 19sqm with the bathroom and corridor is indeed very tiny once you put a double bed and a closet inside it. Therefore, just out of curiosity I have immediately asked for a slightly bigger room, the receptionist have humbly asked me to come the next morning, since there was no vacancies at the moment. I have done so, and the next morning the lady apologized and asked if a twin room instead of double bothers me, i've asked if the beds are adjecent to which I received a positive answer, therefore I said its fine. I decided to go for a short walk around madrid, while they did the switch. I came back two hours later to find that the new room was at least 40sqm big, looked more like a suite then a double. It very much exceeded any of my demands. I have stayed in the hotel for 4 nights, and was very very pleased with everything. The location of the hotel is great, very close to prado, and puerta del sol, plaza st.ana...etc... Since i stayed late in the evenings, I didnt try the breakfast...  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>medina23
<Content>A Madrid Gem The Vincci Soho was a perfect place to stay to be right next to everything. It had everything we needed while in Madrid.HOTEL--------------Modern designed interior was very chic and also very comfortable. The lighting and appointment of the room was soothing and really had a lot of charecter while maintaining a very modern feel. The TV was small but nice. The bed was comfortable and the pillows were good. Our room had a deck on the corner and was nice to watch the activity from. The doors were dual paned so the noise was never an issue at night or day. The bathroom was roomy and very nicely appointed. The air conditioning in the hotel was probably the best we had during our stay in Spain. There was also a very comfy bar/lounge in the hotel along with a fancy, but overpriced restaurant that we never tried.LOCATION----------------Just one block from Plaza Santa Ana and 2.5 blocks from Plaza Neptuno. 4 blocks from the Sevilla Metro station. It was very convenient to get to anything and everything that Madrid had to offer. Right across the street was a great pub (Bar Galeria) where Jose had very reasonably priced drinks, foosball table, darts and a big TV to watch the matches.Overall, I thought that the rate was right for Vincci Soho. You get what you pay for and in this case I feel like you get a little more.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>wolfo
<Content>Perfect for a short break Booked this hotel with some trepidation, having seen all the mixed reviews on this site, but we were stayng for only three nights  got a very good deal on the price. Overall, I would recommend it very strongly for a short break. The location is completely unbeatable, and we had a room overlooking the coirtyard bar, which meant it was very quiet at night. As many of you will know, a quiet room in the very centre of Madrid is like gold dust.Some of the criticisms in other reviews are valid - the decor in the public spaces is on the pretentious side, the bathrooms look better than they function (it was impossible to stop the shower sending water all over the bathroom floor), the reception staff were overworked and so sometimes you had to wait a while to speak to them, but it wasn't their fault and they were very helpful when asked questions. The breakfasts are very overpriced, too, but you are literally two minutes' walk from a square full of great cafes.The room was comfortable and well-furnished, the air con worked perfectly, the giant door numbers are actually quite a nice touch ! I suspect that over a longer stay, the downsides of the place might have begun to overweigh its positive aspects, but for a weekend break this would be hard to beat. You are within waling distance of 95% of the main tourist sights  a five minute walk from two different Metro stations, on different lines, to make going further afield really easy..So - great for a few nights (especially if you are a Madrid novice  want to be near things) but probably better to look elsewhere for a longer stay (the Tryp Ambassador, for example.)  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>UKavidholidaymaker
<Content>Not impressive The hotel is in a good central location, convenient for sightseeing, good restaurants and bars. The hotel reception and bar staff were friendly and efficient. We had booked two rooms, which were both similiar in furnishings and lighting, which was a little too muted. They were clean and the bed was firm, which is a benefit for my husband who has a bad back. One room had no towelling robe/slippers and the other double room only had one set for two people. The rooms would benefit from having tea/coffee making facilities. They were also very warm and this didn't seem to change when the temperature controls were operated. One room was able to open a window for fresh air but the double room had roof windows which couldn't be opened. The weekend was ruined because one of the hotel rooms on the third floor on our first evening was broken into by smashing the door and a suitcase was damaged and a passport, leather jacket and makeup bag was stolen. The night porter and reception staff were calm and helpful, ringing the police and changing the room. However we didn't feel safe again. and we spent our trip visiting the police station and embassy to get an emergency passport. The hotel manager came to see us the next morning whilst we had a complimentary breakfast and the hotel also paid for our taxi to the embassy. We recommend that the hotel look at their security measures.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>draker087
<Content>Wouldn't go back Only positives were the great location and clean enough rooms.Unfortunately the rest was quite a bad experience:- centralized air conditioning that works only in the summer months, so if you are there in april and it's unexpectedly hot you find yourself without ait conditioning.-the room was incredibly small, we could barely move around the bed-bathroom nice but warn out, looked like it needed to be renovated- decor is defined as trendy but I found it quite gloomy and dark- they have a flat screen tv but no movies, only some international channels.- staff is friendly but sloppy, their clothes seem all a bit oversizedI would agree with one of the other reviews here: it's overall quite pretentious. Although I enjoyed my weekend I would never go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>chirpyLondon
<Content>Enjoyable Stay This is a very nice clean and modern hotel in a very cental location and within easy walking distance to the nightlife and city center, I would recommend this hotel although the room we had was slightly on the small side but do not let that put you off as it makes up for it in other areas.Not badly priced for its location and style although Madrid does have plenty of hotels in this price range and modern style, overall I can not complain staff helpful and hotel most importantly very clean and modern.Madrid was very nice for a weekend break although it may have been the weather it did not stop raining it did not feel as though there was too much to do in comparision to some other cities I have visited.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>davidp100
<Content>Unusual My partner and I stayed at the Soho for 3 nights at the end of March 2008. It was an unusual experience with some good and some not so good points.Starting with the positives. The room (428) was very clean and, although not particularly big, was big enough. The double bed was very big and comfortable (if you like a firm mattress). The breakfasts were excellent. Plenty of fresh fruit, freshly squeezed orange juice, meats, cheeses, cakes, cooked egg, tomatoes and bacon plus other things. There was even plenty of chilled champagne for those who enjoy that first thing in the morning.The following negatives did not spoil our overall experience too much but, in our view, they took the edge off what could have been a much nicer experience. Upon arrival there was only one receptionist who was on the phone and ignored us for some minutes. She answered the phone twice more while checking us in. Was not very friendly and did not offer any kind of helpful information. We asked if there was any genuine flamenco entertainment and were given three leaflets.We decided to have dinner at the hotel on our first evening. We just had a main course each and I had a dessert. I had one glass of wine and my partner had a small bottle of still mineral water. The main course (chicken, broccoli and couliflower) was almost cold. My dessert (chocolate trouffles) was six chocolates on a plate which appeared to have been taken from the freezer! This came to just over 58 Euros including tax. Be careful by the way as all price lists seem to exclude 7% IVA tax.The general decoration scheme was quite depressing in our opinion - although other people may like the unusual designer treatment!We do not have any experience of other hotels in Madrid and so cannot judge this hotel against the competition. Outside of the hotel, we were disappointed with the general level of service, prices and quality of eating places in Madrid. We can recommend a nice restaurant 5 minutes walk from the hotel - turn right as you leave the hotel and go to the bottom of the road. Take a right turn and accross the road you will see an Argentinian beef restaurant. It serves other dishes but the Argentinian beef is good and the waiting staff are very friendly. They also spoke enough English to give us any help we needed with ordering. We each had a main course and dessert. We shared a bottle of water and a bottle of wine. The bill was just over 50 Euros for both of us.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>liquidice
<Content>Good Stay At The Vincci Soho Recently returned from a 2 night stay at the Soho.Overall very impressed with the hotel.Checkin was great- friendly and efficient.Lobby and area leading to lifts was dark, cool and quite trendy with the Restaurant to the right and Bar/Lounge to the left. Outside there is a limited decking/bar area which was nice.Our room had no view (interior court) which caused problems in terms of temperature in the room- no air. With the AC not working properly/fully this led to a few somewhat uncomfortable nights sleep.We didn't complain though and made do, though I am sure we could have changed rooms if we had wanted.The room itself was v modern and like someone else said, felt as if we were the first in it. Bathroom is fab, nice deep bath, again modern with nice toiletries. The temperature control in the shower is very sensitive! So watch out for that!Before and after dinner on both nights we had drinks in the hotel bar and the service here was excellent and very relaxing....though the drinks were strong!!!! Overall, brillant hotel with a wonderful location- let down by the interior view/air conditioning in the room.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stokie-oioi
<Content>Long live the Vincci Soho! We stayed at the Vincci Soho for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The service we received whilst checking in and out, and throughout the duration of our stay was excellent. The room (on the 4th floor) was of adequate size, was lovely and clean with a nice decor and felt like we were the first people to stay there. Bathroom was huge with an EXCELLENT and wide selection of toiletries supplied on a daily basis (definitely the most generous hotel I have stayed at for toiletries!!), the bedroom was lovely, with a flat screen tv and a huge bed - although we did have to ask for extra pillows on the 2nd night. The hotel is in a great position - on the corner of a quiet street, just a couple of minutes walk from the Thyssen, Prado and lots of bars (especially recommend Olsen directly opposite - excellent cocktails!), restaurants and cafes. Whilst we only had drinks in the hotel bar (and didn't eat in the restaurant) the decor is lovely, very modern yet cozy and the service was brilliant.Comfortable, clean, very sheek hotel and a great base for exploring Madrid, we would highly recommend the hotel and would definitely (and hopefully will) stay again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>vivafatelvis
<Content>Not bad if staying as part of a deal I usually stay in Madrid once a month but have visited the last 4 weekends in a row and stayed in hotels or with friends.I stayed here as it was bundled in with some BA flights which worked out cheaper than the flights on their own!..,Anyway.. the hotel is an odd mix of different buildings as it says in the blurb and is styled in the typical modern Spanish city way (think IKEA but a bit more upmarket)The room was smaller than i had imagined but nicely decorated with a great bathroom and walk in shower and yes as per one of the previous posts the numbers on the doors are huge!..Overall I was happy here, but maybe not so much if I had paid the full rate, although the location near the Plaza Santa Anna is great.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>StJoes
<Content>Great for fall break       Bed  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ricard67
<Content>Awful, confusing, pretentious - to be avoided!! I regret to say that this hotel deserves a harsh review. I stayed there a few months ago and the whole sordid experience has been preying on my mind ever since. Every time I pass the place and see people going in I think: No! Stop! Don't go there! There are several excellent alternatives in the same price range or cheaper on the same street, such as the Catalonia Las Cortes, or the Room-mate Alicia, both less than a minute away. The Vincci Soho's big problem is design. It thinks it's being interesting or cool by overdesigning every detail, to the point where things like this happen: you can't find your room because the number is so big you need to step back 20 feet to read it. And there aren't 20 feet available because it's a corridor. You can't find your way out because you don't understand the signs and symbols, so you go round and round in circles. You can't switch the lights on or off because it's all about mood lighting and the switches require a PhD to understand them. Every morning looking for the breakfast area you go mad trying to navigate your way through labyrinthine corridors. Basically this is a dark, incoherent mess of a place that aspires to being trendy and cool but fails in every respect. The ME up the road in Plaza Santa Ana succeeds because it doesn't try too hard. So does the Alicia. But Vincci is not cool, it's infuriating. And completely overpriced. So my advice is, if you want a comfortable experience and don't want to get stressed, don't go here. One positive thing: the room is OK - the bed comfortable and generally quite quiet, although as a rule I sleep with earplugs in Madrid because it's noisy everywhere.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Famdevisser
<Content>Nice hotel! I stayed here with a group of my company for 3 nights. Found my room ok, although I had to switch room, as the first one given to me had problems with the airconditioning. Despite the winter season, the room was quite warm and it did not help to leave the window open for a couple of hours. Anyway, the swap went well (helpful staff). Room was tidy, and up to the 4-star level, though the bed was quite hard, like you find in Chinese hotels.I red some complaints from others that they found their room noisy, which very often is an issue with city hotels like these. Mine was at the inner ring, and was quiet - you may want to remember this when you book. The walls are thin, though, so if you have noisy neighbours who keep the tv on when you want to catch some sleep, you have an issue.The location is superb: it will take you less than 10 minutes to walk to the beautiful city centre. Breakfast, lunch and dinner arrangements are in order, and if you fancy something else, there is plenty of choice outside.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Tinabee
<Content>Great Room, Good location! We stayed here and would recommend. This hotel has a ultra modern interior which we liked. Check-in was ok as we had an upgrade to a suite which was a nice surprise, It was a fantastic room, actually it was more like an apartment,, it was that big! The room had been cleaned to a high standard and the bed was really comfy.Loads of nice restaurants and bars nearby too.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent hotel great value for money in an ideal location. Food good but loads of bars and restaurants nearby. Close to most attractions and 5 minute walk to the underground system.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>samsuperman
<Content>A disappointment New Year in Madrid - great! As we had a happy stay in Vincci Soho already Feb 2007, we booked again. This time it was a pure disappointment: very unfriendly, not service oriented staff; eg. due to technical problems all door locks were down (can happen) but this issue was treated in a very arrogant and lazy way. Question for a tea in the room was answered by breakfast is over - is this service of a 4* hotel? Next time in Madrid we will book another hotel!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>CougarSanDiego
<Content>A Bity Noisy, But Good Value Great location for walking to museums, and old parts of Madrid. Decor is very W like, catering to 20- and 30-somethings. Nevertheless, all ages would feel comfortable. Seems to serve a young Spanish business clientele, which is nice for a North American seeking an authentic out-of-USA experience. Rates are very competitive. Their buffet breakfast (not included in price of room) is huge and generous, but also very expensive. Have a cocktaiil or a pot of tea in the lobby one day -- it will be nicely served and in a nice environment.  Like many other Madrid hotels, street noise penetrates rooms too easily (I strongly recommend ear-plugs). Rooms are no smaller than the average-size European hotels of this class, but these are more styishly furnished. Servivce is very friendly, although we did not happen to utilize staff as a source for many directions or tourist suggestions. If their prices remain competitive, would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>rebenka
<Content>clean and modern Centrally located, everything is within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jmw245
<Content>Great hotel, beautiful decor and most convenient location Despite the beautiful fall weather in Madrid, the quality this hotel offers can stand on its own. Vincci Soho is very well located on the cusp of Bourbon Madrid and Historic Old Madrid, a stone throw away from Plaza Santa Anna. It is chic, with quite a number of lounge areas, each of which uniquely decorated to enhance the contemporary and minimalist feel of the hotel. The rooms are large, with thoughtful decor, not overwhelming, but just the right amount of touch. Amenities were plentiful, and our floor window opened to a narrow local street, giving a feel of authentic Spanish living. The breakfast buffet was very original with an emphasis on local flavors and a wide selection of fruits and juices, far better than the ones we got from some of the Paradores we stayed at. I would highly recommend Vincci Soho to anyone who ventures into Madrid.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heskey
<Content>Nice hotel, pitiful service The hotel is very contemporary and centrally located. Rooms fine and food reasonable.We had regrettably left our passports at the hotel and despite telephoning from Murcia later that day, we then had a seven-day episode with the staff, who had allegedly posted our passports first class before then continually denying / passing the buck on who had actually previously spoken with us.The upshot was, we had to wait for 3 hours in the British Consulate at Barcelona for emergency passports.All-in-all, a reasonable stay but let down by the wholly inadequate staff!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>friendlydentist
<Content>Beautiful hotel crummy service For our one year anniversary we booked a 10 day whirlwind in Spain starting at the Soho. Once we found parking which was beyond terrible we had to park about 3 blocks away and walk, which I am very patient so I am willing to overlook that. It's good exercise anyways! Well the front staff is some of the rudest I have ever encountered anywhere. Completely laissez faire about everything no care or concern about you and what you want. Asked for ideas for places to go and eat got responses that seemed as though they were trying to ruin our trip. The final straw was when my husband went to reserve us dinner for our 1 year anniversary he asked to have reservations made at 11, since that is when everything really begins. We left dressed to the tens and grabbed a cab who had no idea where this place was, not the hotels fault. But when we arrived the restaurant was closed that day, I mean seriously, they called and made reservations at a restaurant that was closed. My husband was to say the least PISSED so we went back to the hotel to confront the hotel and the front desk man had the audacity to say that it was not his problem that he did not call to make the reservation. I could not believe my ears. I could not have been happier to leave the place. Never ate there, drinks were ok, and the room was very clean but I still can't get over it all. And that was not the only encounter with the front desk that was just the worst. Stay at your own risk!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>jarhead3
<Content>Beware of this hotel when booking through travelocity My husband and I booked a trip to Spain through travelocity staying at the Vincci Soho hotel in Madrid. I stayed at this hotel in June, when I returned home to the United States, I found that they charged my credit card $1300 again for the room. I have made numerous calls to travelocity and to the hotel. The hotel acknowledges that they made a mistake and need to refund me the money since they already received payment through travelocity but they have been very slow to repay me.I have sent them my bank details three times at their request for a wire transfer and they have not sent the money. When I try to call, they claim that the manager who agreed to refund my money is not there and they refuse to honor the refund. I have filed a formal complaint with travelocity, at this point I am not sure if this will be resolved. It is September now and I have not received payment.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Nickleby
<Content>Very much enjoyed our stay...       Double Superior Room  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>PinpinSurrey
<Content>Great location, ok hotel We stayed here for 3 nights last December.In my opinion this hotel is a good starting point to visit the city by foot. The rooms are clean and stylish however they are a bit small and quite dark.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant but there is a norwegian restaurant just accross the road that was really nice.I wouldn't necessarily stay there again during my next visit to Madrid. It was ok but I didn't feel the hitel was anything special.We did love Madrid though!Pinpin  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Spender1
<Content>Great hotel I booked the Vincci Soho through Laterooms. Good lively location, yes noisy throughout the night if you leave the balcony doors open, more than adequate air conditioning though. We had two second floor rooms. Clean, modern and comfortable. Very helpful staff, couldn't fault it. 10 minute walk to Plaza Mayor. Thoroughly reccommended.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sato_bkk
<Content>great location + design + affordable Madrid was the last stop on our holiday trip, having started in Barcelona and San Sebastian. To be honest, Vincci Soho was something we booked last minute, just the day before arriving in Madrid but surprisingly got a nice rate compared to all the other places we had stayed, 115 (euro) for a standard double. We stayed for three nights, over the weekend, and found the location to be great. Within walking distance to many of the locations we sought out, we didn't have to use the metro once. This was true for both the daytime and nighttime as we could easily walk to the shopping spots in Chueca or just a street over to enjoy some local jazz at Le Fudila. Another bonus was that Reina Sofia was also just 15 minutes away and this is where we spent our last morning in Madrid. A bit of advice, I would give a full day and not just half like we did to the Reina Sofia since there is so much to see. Had we known better, we would have done it the day before (Sunday) we left when it's free to the public. I've stayed in a number of designer hotels and I would say that they did a nice job of having a modern design without passing on the expenses to the customer. I could see in several applications of inexpensive material they decorated the public spaces in clever ways to add a bit of fun and dynamics. The most obvious being each room-number plastered larger-than-life in plexi, diagonally on each door. The rooms are nicely decorated as well with a good use of natural light coming through the large windows to penetrated the bathroom walls which are frosted glass. I'll admit the lighting in the bathroom is a bit lacking but the effect in the early morning is quite nice and easy on the eyes. I can't say if the other rooms are decorated the same but ours was a nicely sized double standard with accents of chocolate, red and green. I will admit, while this was probably the most comfortable hotel of our entire stay, it also felt like we could be in any other city and not just Madrid. Because of the comfort level we found at the Vincci Soho, it was dissappointing to find that all our previous hotels were more expensive for less. Granted, a number of these hotels were much older but full of charm. There was one occassion where we decided to have a drink at the open-air bar but after waiting for far too long for our orders to be taken, we decided to leave. Other than that, the service was very friendly and informative. It was great to end our trip with a great stay and value at the Vincci Soho and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>CNPH
<Content>Great location, average hotel, an unusual problem I was recommended to this hotel by a local business colleague and booked through my company travel service. As described the hotel has a funky modern Kimpton-like decor. Some rooms are on small side but adequate for a solo traveler. Bathrooms are modern with single or dual glass bowl sinks and a totally inadequate countertop. Lighting is interesting and bathroom looks nice but a great lesson on how not to do it if considering this type of sink in your own home. Combination closet, drawers, minibar and safe is small and awkward to use but ok if you don't have a lot of stuff. Per the travel book warning, Madrid is very noisy at night. Hotel is well located close to Plaza de Sol and restaurant/club district and another famous Plaza. I asked for a quiet location but room was overlooking the street. It was a small street so I thought it might not be a problem but from 11pm to 3 or 4 am cars were honking horns constantly and not just little honks, they just sat on them as if that would do something. Probably due to gridlock on the small charming streets but noiser than India or Manhattan. Next morning I asked to have my room changed. They said they could later in the and didn't fulfill my request at check-in as they were fully booked. New room was a little larger and on the interior so much quieter. Next moring I tried to lock the security deadbolt to remove do not disturb sign for the breakfast tray to be delivered and the lock wouldn't budge. No jiggling etc. would help. I called down and they came up but were unable to get it to open as there was no key or anything on the outside. As it was an interior room overllooking an inner courtyard there was no other way out. After leaving for a few minutes they came back, asked me to stay back from the door and broke the door down with a sledgehammer. So I had to eat my breakfast in my pjs with the door missing. I felt safe, just a weird situation. I had to pack my stuff up yet again and they moved me to a third room while I had my business meetings during the day.Was able to walk to everything - Plazas, shopping, Prada Musuem and botanic garden, even the famous Sunday Flea Market. A large church of Scientology with a huge sign down the street served as a great landmark to help me find my way back to the street and hotel.Near to the major avenues where you can catch the hop-on/hop-off day tour busses.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>silvia125
<Content>Loved this hotel       lobby area  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Adsy
<Content>Style over content I have just returned from a 5-night stay at the Vincci Soho and while everything is superb on the surface, scratch a little deeper and it soon becomes clear this isn't perhaps the 4-star, business-led hotel it purports to be.The rooms are really ultra clean, which I guess is all most people want as most of time is spent sightseeing or working. To that end, it's great - however do remember to take your miner's lamp. Trendy uplighters and spots are all very nice to look at and are very photogenic (the rooms are exactly as per the website and were used for fashion shoots during my stay), however I always find that being able to see is a bonus!! The lack of windows, very dark deco and motion-sensor lights make the whole place feel very airless, particularly during the day.In summary, the rooms are clean, comfortable and stylish......but very, very dark - and there's also very limited storage space, so don't take too many clothes! The bar area is really nice and clean and with furniture straight out of the local Ikea.I have to say the staff were always, always polite and helpful.....however, that didn't always translate into positive action. For three of the five days of my stay all room internet connections were down (not ideal when you need to work). Despite assurances of someone will come to fix it in 10 minutes no-one arrived at all, and while staff were sympathetic to the problem, the problem was never resolved and instead they tried to sell me a wireless token for an additional 15 Euros (which is only works on the ground floor!) which they thought was entirely reasonable.Likewise, problems with the bath in my room went unfixed, as did the hotel's problems with its entire satellite network after a storm on the first night. And a package I asked the reception to courier sat on the front desk for a full day too.That said, other aspects were nothing short of brilliant. The breakfast, for example, is as good as any I've ever had - delicious, fresh fruits and traditional omlette being the highlight. Ok, so it's not cheap at 15 Euros, but if you're feeling lazy it's ideal.Try and eat out in the evenings though - the restauarant in the evening is a painfully souless experience. You're much better off visiting one of the excellent tapas bars about a three minute walk away.And when you do go out to eat........stay late! Not only is the atmosphere great, but you won't get a wink of sleep before 4am. I had read the Trip Advisor reviews before my stay and so asked for a quiet room........and despite booking it three weeks before my stay I got the trump card: first floor, over the entrance, and next to the lift!! Previous reviews are spot on - Spanish seems to be a really loud language at the best of times and, believe me, the sound of binmen at stupid 'o' clock really carries.But if location is your thing, then you won't go wrong here. Anton Martin metro station is two minutes' walk away - not that you need to take it often. Madrid isn't a big city and, especially if you like to see things from different angles, it's a really comfortable and enjoyable walk.All in all, the Vincci Soho is clean and comfortable - although if you prefer practicality to fancy wallpaper, then this is not the place for you.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	4	3	1	

<Author>Gamma72
<Content>Unique hotel rooms Stayed at the Vincci Soho for 2 nights to see a Real Madrid football match, and we enjoyed most of our stay. The room was very unusual  modern to a normal room, but very nice. Main problem was the noise from the street outside which went on for most of the next morning, but I think this is just the way Madrid is. Even the binmen make a lot of noise at about 3 a.m. Unless you're out all night with the locals or a very heavy sleeper, you're not going to get a good nights sleep. We still enjoyed the hotel, less than 5 mins walk to Prado Museum  a few more mins to the nearest metro station.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DexSFO
<Content>So-So Soho My partner and I just returned from Europe which included a 4-night/3 -day stay at the Vincci Soho in Madrid. I must first say that reading the other reviews of this hotel (and others) on the Tripadvisor site was a HUGE help to me. The other reviews were decidedly mixed on this hotel and I even exchanged direct emails with one recent reviewer from the states for more info before leaving. While none of the reviews turned me against staying here, they did provide some great info which was exceedingly helpful in knowing what to expect before we arrived.Thankfully, in real life the hotel looked every bit as it did online, so there were no surprises. The Vincci Soho is 4-star rated ultra-modern/boutique-y hotel. As far as the stars go, I guess it lived up to that as far as European standards are concerned. We found the hotel and room well appointed, immaculately clean and everything in working order. The rates are decidedly NOT for those on a tight buget, but they were reasonable for a hotel of this type in a big European city I would say. Be advised that it is a VERY modern/sterile motif, devoid of any local character or charm, though the outside front is nice enough looking and blends in very well with the neighborhood. After reading the reviews here, I was advised about two things with this hotel; odd room shape/size/location and the noise level.With regard to the room shape/size/location, our room was in the adjacent building of the hotel (there are apparently 2 different buildings joined together), directly behind the front building, and our room faced the back street (not the SIDE street), which required walks down long corridors and two different elevators to get to our room only on the 3rd floor. That was a bit of a drag, but not too big a deal. The room was moderate/modest sized (almost large by European standards but bordering on small by US standards), but even by US comparisons, it was adaquate for the two of us without feeling cramped. But the room was at very sharp and strange angles, which wasted space and was disturbing to the eye. Even the bathroom, which was decent sized, had an odd angular shape. We did have a double-door/window and tiny balcony/ledge facing the back street, which was nice. And the bed was exceedingly comfortable and there was a flat panel wall mounted TV. The room was a bit too warm for us (from what we're used to at home in SF bay area where we prefer to sleep with much cooler room temps at night) and repeated attempts to lower the thermostat brought no real relief. We ended up having to sleep with the window cracked, which was a blessing and a curse.We found the entire hotel staff to be nice, professional and courteous. It should be noted that we don't speak Spanish fluently, but thanks to lviing in CA where Lat-Am Spanish is widely spoken, we were able to pick up enough of the very basics, and, together with a GREAT Spanish travel phrase book (by Baron's), were able to fend for ourselves without problems and only rarely troubled the staff for help or info. When we did, there was always someone at the front desk who spoke fluent English and was very helpful to us. Another reviewer had some issues with the staff on a recent stay before mine, but we did not.With regard to the noise levels, well . . . Madrid is one of the--if not THE most--noisiest city in all of Europe. Without staying at a 5-star+ establishment at perhaps doulbe the price, there's probably no way to totally avoid it. We were advised by others to ask for a room facing the inside courtyard of the hotel, which we did, but were told at check in that the hotel was fully booked and no rooms of that type were available. I guess the next best location was our room facing the back. The back street was a narrow alley-like access and not a main street with lots of foot or car traffic, thankfully, so you don't get anywhere near the same level of noise that you would get in a front facing room, which I would say is to be avoided if at all possible. As mentioned, we slept with the window open at night, which dramatically increased the noise that we did here from the back, but it was infrequent, with long periods of relative quiet in between. The biggest noise disruption by far was the nightly garbage collection. They seem to go out of their way to make as much nosie as is humanly possible emptying cans into dumpsters from hotels and restaurants to be picked up by the city trucks all of which occurs ONLY in very the middle of the night. It really was almost beyond belief that this racket presumably goes on nightly city-wide. The double-paned window/door did block out some of it, so keep them closed if you can. We decided we needed cooler air at night more than we needed the quiet. Interior noise from the other rooms in the hotel can also be a concern (there is hardwood flooring almost everywhere). Late one afternoon we were bothered by a large group of VERY noisy people in the room above us, but it was a one-time occurance and only lasted for a short while. Soundproofing is not this hotel's claim to fame.But aside from all of this, the hotel's big, BIG plus is its location. It simply cannot be beat. The Vincci Soho is located in the very heart of the nice part of central Mardid and is within an easy 10 to 15 min walk of almost every main tourist attraction (including the museums) or most other places that one would want to go. You can even walk there to/from the main rail station (Atocha). The Mardid metro is very good, but we took it only once or twice in 3 full days because it was so close and easy to walk everywhere from this hotel.The hotel overall is a mixed bag. I would not recommend it for the biz traveler who has some money to stay in a more soundproof central location. I would also not recommend it to the budget traveler counting their Euro, or to someone looking for more local charm and character in their surroundings (it reminds me a lot of some of the W hotels in this country). It's not cheap (although reasonably priced for a place of this caliber and location) and as mentioned is very modern and sharp/hard in decor. Certainly somewhat sterile if not cold. We ate dinner one night in the hotel restaurant, which was okay at best, but expensive. Go elsewhere for MUCH better and cheaper food--there are tons of great places just minutes away.However, all things considered, I would highly recommend this hotel to a well seasoned European vacation traveler who is only going to be in Madrid for a short while (I would not stay in this hotel, or even Madrid, for longer than 3 days) and who wants to be cool and close to virtually everything without a car or long and tiring walks.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>irfr
<Content>Very nce stay Arrived early and room was ready. A nice surprise. Staff pleasant but not the most helpful for recommendations about the city. We had a room facing inside the hotel and it was great because the city is quite busy even though the street the hotel is on is not too bad. Room was lovely, extremely quiet (at one stage we thought we were the only ones there!) and contemporary though quite dark. An excellent base for exploring Madrid and very central. Restaurant in hotel is quite expensive in comparison to the wide range outside of it though we did not actually try it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Travellerw2
<Content>Not good value Depressing and ill-conceived interior in the pseudo-Asian/70s kitsh style (impossible to find your way around) and VERY small rooms and beds. It would be fair to say that this is not one of the best hotels in this price range. Although the location is great, just a short walk to the Museums and Plaza Santa Ana for tapas. Our experience with the staff across the board wasn't great - very slow, moody and unhelpful throughout our stay. After asking whether we could get some extra mineral water at about midnight we were given a 5 min lecture on room service being closed and can we remember not to bother them at that hour next time (what next time?). Odd comment, given that the lobby bar was still open.....which we noticed when we walked past it.As often is the case with these 'style' hotels, a service mentality and having initiative doesn't seem to be part of the staff job description. You're probably better off paying a bit more and go for something a bit more sophisticated. Villa Real (or even the Palace) around the corner for example.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Calytrix
<Content>Funky design - not a place to stay though! I did not read all reviews below, but I wholeheartedly join those that say No, will not recommend and will not stay there ever!.Very funky design - dark slate, dark timber.... After awhile becomes depressing. Unlike other Spanish hotels doesn鈥檛 have a single TV channel in English. It is clean, all right, but that鈥檚 the only good thing that comes to mind. Noisy is not even beginning to describe it: every night on the street below there was an unbelievable racket caused by emptying huge, medium and small rubbish bins. Lots of rubbish bins. About 3 am seems like a perfect time to empty rubbish bins and then roll them on the cobble-stones for 20-30 metres and then throw them against the wall to make sure that all recycled paper got unstuck, and then empty them again鈥? And don鈥檛 forget recycling bins for glass bottles too!But it wasn鈥檛 even that 鈥?the whole attitude of the reception staff was 鈥渒iss my private hind part and go get lost can鈥檛 you see I am busy with my computer and I had enough of you all stupid tourists鈥? The only reasonably helpful person was a young boy who got us a taxi and helped out with our bag and explained to the driver that we needed to go to the airport. We were so overwhelmed with emotions from this unspeakable kindness and actually being noticed, that we tipped him (though Australians usually never tip). I don鈥檛 know if he was a new employee and wasn鈥檛 properly trained yet or they will get rid of him soon since he is not fitting into their service standards, but God bless his little white socks 鈥?he was a highlight of the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>merekat
<Content>Terrible service In summary, the staff ranged from the unattentive to the rude. The highlights of a generally abysmal three day stay there: We were given a room only to find someone sleeping when we entered it. The next day we went into our room to again find that someone had been placed there and our stuff moved. The staff had no clue either time why it had happened. They could not find our suitcases and clothes and did not seem unduely concerned. It eventually turned out that they had put our things into another one of our party's rooms (Don't ask why, we never got a suitable explanation). Upon leaving we ordered a cab only to be told that a cab would only be ordered if we stayed in the hotel and not wander out onto the pavement. (No, we did not understand that either nor was it appropriate to be telling a guest we will only order you a cab under these circumstances). My friend had her handbag stolen and the front desk staff refused to 1) call the police or 2) allow her to use the desk phone to call the police. She had to do it from her room, presumably so that she could be charged for the call.Although the location was great and the decor pretty there are other hotels in the area of a similar standard and it is just not worth staying here.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Amber1980
<Content>AWFUL service - you won't believe our story This is a nice looking hotel in a great location. But for a 4 star place, you expect good service. Perhaps even a smile and polite staff. You DO NOT get this.Now, please note that I have given this hotel a second chance and stayed there twice because I loved the location so much. But after our most recent stay, I will never go back again. The staff are rubbish. They are rude and incompetent. Think you can live with this? Then read on.The first time we went there, I was mugged. We asked reception to contact the police for us and they refused because it would be free - they said we had to make the call from our room and be charged for it. They refuse to give you an iron and charge ridiculous prices like nearly 拢20 to iron a dress.The second time we went, things were worse. We checked in, entered our room, and found it was already occupied by someone else. Great security, eh? Had we been thieves, that person would have been in trouble. Luckily, we're not. But had that person been actually in the room, we could have found ourselves in a very embarrassing situation. They messed up the booking of a twin room for our friends and had to put them in separate singles for the first night and move them into a twin the following night. We went out the next morning, checking everything was ok for the day, but upon our return, found another guest staying in one of my friends' room WITH ALL OF HER STUFF REMOVED. They had not given any thought to whether her passport and credit cards were in the safe before giving the room to someone else. As for touching all her stuff without permission... This is just unacceptable. When we eventually found everything and kicked up a fuss, they refused to apologise and even got annoyed with US and mimicked us shouting at them. Their eventual attempt at diffusing the situation? Do you want us to apologise to the other guest on your behalf? !!!!!Morning of our last day, I ordered a vegetarian sandwich from the bar. After taking a good 5 minutes to check it was vegetarian (in Spanish, too) and the waiter assuring me it was, I find in front of me a slab of toast with a huge hunk of tuna. I had to laugh at how stupid the people here are. Such a shame because the hotel is actually quite nice (despite the darkness of all the rooms.)PLEASE don't stay here! There are many more hotels in the same area with much better staff, I'm sure.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Samadi
<Content>Good location, OK price, useless staff and lots of problems!! 4 stars it is not! As many have already said, the hotel is indeed in a good location, even though it鈥檚 down some narrow alley and not on the main road where just a few yards away sit the best hotels in town. The room sizes are ok. The deluxe rooms are a little roomier. The room decor is contemporary and simple. Now for the problems some of which have been mentioned by others in this forum and for which I learned the hard way for not listening to their advice. I don't normally write reviews, but I hope by sharing this info, when you book your hotel, you'll avoid these problems.1/ Rooms have NO soundproofing. You will hear everything and I mean everything. 2/ If you get a street facing room, don't expect any quiet....we arrived on Saturday, and the first room I got was on the 4 floor and facing out. The noise lasted till about 4am. With trucks, trash collection, people, you name it. It sounded like they were in the room with us.3/ There is FREE internet in the room, but you need to bring your OWN cable. So I went and bought one when I found out rather than pay the 17 Euro daily charge for WiFi. 4/ The expedia site shows this hotel claiming it has parking. It does NOT. However, there is public parking nearby but you'll pay a 20 Euro a day rate (but you must tell the car park to give you the hotel rate, otherwise they will charge you full rate)5/ Beds are uncomfortable...and the one pillow you each get is useless. But if you ask for more they will give you more. 6/ When I booked the hotel, I booked two rooms and made a request that they be next to each other. Instead, I got two rooms on opposite sides of the hotel. And wait for this, while both rooms are on the same floor, the hotel is an utter mess in the way its split up. It seems that it must have been several buildings put together or something as no sane person would design something so stupid. To get to our rooms, we had to take the elevator to the first floor. Then, go to the end of the hall way and take another elevator to the 4 floor. To get to the supposed adjoining room, we need to go the 1st floor and take a different elevator to the 4 floor as there was no way to simply walk from our 4th floor room to the other. We complained the next morning about the noise and the distance of the two rooms as we were traveling with young children and this was not really workable.The next day they changed our rooms to the inside courtyard which eliminated the street noises. However, the rooms where still ways apart from each other, about 20 rooms or so. We got our rooms but where told the door keys don鈥檛' work, so we have to request front desk to come open the doors anytime we want to get into the room. They did promise to fix it the next day and that they did. When I got back to the room that evening I was frustrated to find the internet in the room didn't work especially after having bought a cable the day before. I tried both rooms we had and neither worked. Complained to management, they kept promising to fix it. They NEVER did. In the end we tested it in other rooms on that floor and it didn't work there either, not even with different cables or computers. I told them it seemed they have a problem with the floor; they didn't care much and simply blamed it on their internet service provider, which was typical. Another complaint I have is that the staff don鈥檛' make any effort to make your stay pleasant and comfortable. Room service if you can get through to them have an attitude. You order things, half the order comes and then they claim you never ordered the other half. Then you have to go back and forth with them and get attitude about it!This hotel simply doesn't know the meaning of the customer is always right!At the end of the day, this hotel is not worth the price paid nor does it deserve 4 stars. I've stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels all around the world and this hotel is not up to any of those standards. Cosmetically it may match some lower end 4 star establishments but that鈥檚 about it. Next time, I鈥檒l pay that little bit extra and stay at a real hotel.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>StuartSussex
<Content>Modern Central Hotel ... But Noisy       TV Area  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Toggles1
<Content>Very funky Booked this hotel for two nights, for a romantic few days away for me and my boyfriend and after reading the reviews on this website, I was a bit sceptical. However, on arriving I was pleasantly surprised, the pictures tell a 1000 words and I was delighted with how funky, trendy and new the hotel was. The staff were very friendly and were extremely helpful, offering maps and suggestions of where to go before even asking them.Went to check in at 12 but the room was not ready so we left our bags and went for a stroll. However, we we returned back at 4 we were told that they had no rooms for us and that they were sending us to another hotel. I refused and kicked up a stink so a room was provided to us after 5 minutes. My boyfriend though the room was very small but the fact that it was so nice and had a balcony with two cute little floor lamps and patio table and chairs, flat screen t.v. that could be watched from the comfort of the cozy bed and a lovely bathroom with all sorts of toiletries made up for it in my books. I really would recommend this hotel and outside from the brief misunderstanding with the receptionist I would defo stay here.Tip, get in there early for the breakfast as it goes fast but there is something of everything there and for 鈧?5 it is well worth it!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Skidoodles
<Content>Perfect (if you speak Spanish and don't want an early night!) Just returned from a wonderful 4 night stay in Madrid at The Vincci Soho. The hotel is perfectly situated for exploring Madrid on foot, but with that comes noise (more about that in a moment). You really can walk to all parts of Madrid from the hotel, or just walk round the corner to the Museo del Prado and pick up the Vision Tour Bus.The rooms are small-ish, but more than adequate for a long weekend. They are very well appointed though - new, clean, and very tastefully decorated. If you were there for a week it might start to get a little claustrophobic - and I'd think twice about going on a romantic break with a new boyfriend/girlfriend, the bathroom is only separated from the room by frosted glass walls, so minimal privacy!There were only 3 downsides to the hotel. Firstly, we had an outside room, facing the street on the second floor, and the street was very noisy, particularly on a Friday and Saturday night, with horns honking and people shouting well in to the early hours. Secondly, the room was very warm at night. Not so much of an issue in February, but might be a factor in the summer months! Finally - you cannot request an ironing board and iron at reception - they do not offer this facility. A very small point - but an important one when your husband takes you out to an expensive restaurant for your wedding anniversary and you look slightly like a bag lady!The final point is that none of the hotel staff that we encountered spoke any English. I'm not including this as a negative (as I hate British tourists who assume that people in other countries should speak English!), but it's worth bearing in mind if you are the kind of traveller who is nervous about trying to speak the local lingo!All in all - if you can deal with the minor points above, then a great value hotel in a superb location!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShutterGo
<Content>Modern, efficient hotel       Looking across bed  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>Rhona_Lanarkshire
<Content>Great location Have just returned tonight from a 5 day break in Madrid. The Vincci Soho is in a great location - 1 minute from the Plaza Santa Ana which is full of wonderful tapas bars - I recommend the Santa Ana. The hotel is in a great location, not far from the Plaza Mayor, Puerto del Sol and the Prado Museum to name but a few.Our room was 105 which was, I think at the rear of the building. We had no view, well an exterior central shaft with lighting and pebbles but it didn't really bother us as we were out most of the time. We didn't suffer from noise as has been written previously on this site. Calle del Prado is a small narrow street but incredibly busy and I would imagine a room at the front would be quity noisy. I would agree with previous comments that the lighting, while sophisticated and muted, is quite dull and yes the beds are hard!! Bathrooms are fantastic with huge bath towels and nice complimentary toiletries. I found the reception desk staff polite and helpful. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel - it is much cheaper to eat out and there are lots of places to chose from. I loved Madrid - it is quite a compact city to explore on foot. Also, the MadridVision bus is good value. I would definately return to Madrid and would come back to this Hotel. I booked it over 9 months ago and got 4 nights room only for a great price.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>write128
<Content>modern flair in old Madrid In a perfect location for a first or returning visit to Madrid -- close to the 3 major museums, Plaza Mayor, a ton of shops and restaurants and around the corner from the place Cervantes (allegedly) died as well as the home (museum) of the prolific writer De Vega (worth the short guided tour even if you don't speak a word of Spanish) -- rooms on the street have great 'French' doors but be warned that Madrillinos stay up all night and make lots of noise! We got moved to a room in the back which was stuffy but very quiet. The modern design and amenities added to the pleasure of staying here; all the hotel staff were helpful in every way -- could use a coffe/tea maker in the room and more clothing storage, but other than that I would highly recommend this hotel. Also, the beds were very comfortable with well made, cotton,bedding. Decor was relaxing  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>edmoraz
<Content>Great location A group of twelve friends stayed here and found the hotel to be in an excellent position ideal for the old centre of Madrid. The rooms where very modern and the bathrooms fitted out very well.We did not eat in the hotel but found the service in the bar a bit hit and miss.Two of our group ate breakfast in the hotel and found it of average standard but expensive, so dont bother.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>patsandsox
<Content>modern decor, irregular service As many other reviewers have noted, the hotel is located very conveniently, a short walk up from where the much larger Westin Palace (can count on finding taxis there, if not in front of the Vincci's often clogged, narrow one way C Prado) and very close to the Prado  museums, two blocks from the always bustling Plaza Santa Ana and a very manageable 15 minute walk to the main Atocha train station. Common facilities are very attractive and clean, and all the rooms we saw clean and modern, befitting a very new hotel (vintage 2006?). We were one of three couples staying at the hotel for several nights in late Sept through Oct 2: room facing the main Calle Prado bit brighter but small and exposed to road noise; we had a back inner courtyrard (in fact, more like airshaft0 facing room, a bit larger, and quiet but very dark (worsened by the very dark decor). Third room looked out over the large inner patio/courtyard, with a small balcony and was by far the largest and brightest. We found voices/noises from other rooms amplified by the inner airshafts. Our biggest complaint: two different mornings requests for wake up calls were entirely missed and a promise to respond to request re travel information ultimately never elicited a response. Bathroom was spacious and windowed. There are no clocks in the rooms, and noted by others, just one pillow per person. The wireless connection is expensive (at 16 euros. which I paid first night) but in fact turned out to be notnecessary since there is a broadband cable plug in wall (unadvertised) that delivers free high speed internet if you bring cable. While the facilities were modern and stylish, did not find it particularly enjoyable to actually stay in the room (as opposed to say, the Alfonso in Seville, where we spent 3 nights following week... ). Incidentally, our rate, excluding breakfast for Vincci was just 25% below Alfonso. We did not have breakfast in our rate package (our friends did) and staff was very inflexible regarding minor adjustments.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>AB999
<Content>nice place, shame about the noise This is a very stylish and modern hotel. The room interior is very smart and it is clear that alot of time and effort has been put into selecting the decor. The same goes for the ground floor (reception, bar and restaurant areas).Unfortunately, it is a shame that the same effort was not put into soundproofing for the rooms. Even though the surrounding streets are only minor roads, the road noise is very loud. I had forgotten how much drivers in Spain rely on their car horn.The hotel is located only 200 m from Plaza Santa Ana and there is a huge amount of bars and restaurants nearby.All in all, I really enjoyed our stay. Madrid is wonderful and the decor of the hotel and its location is lovely.Hotels in city centres need not be noisy. All this hotel needs is a small amount of expenditure on soundproofing, to be classed as excellent in every way.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>FLIEGER67
<Content>Not 100% but ok so far! I麓ve returned yesterday from a short one night stay in Madrid.The hotel is good to reach by public transport from the airport. Take line 8 to Nuevos Ministerios, further line 10 to Tribunal and further line 1 to Anton Martin, five minutes to walk, one day tourist ticket 3,50 EUROs, around 40 minutes.Check in staff was friendly and when I arrived at 5.30 pm theytold me, that the hotel was fully booked but managed to follow my wishes for a non smoking room on the top floor.The hotel is stylish and very well designed. Located in the old town but nevertheless in a quiet ,small street.My room was only equipped with a shower, no bathtub, small but acceptable for that short stay.The one real negative point was the noise from the rooms beneath, I heard the guests from both rooms, exactly what they speak and what they do at night!.No good sleep this time.Breakfast was real good arranged buffet style, positive.I asked for a 1 pm checkout, but not possible, fully booked,staff was not to friendly this time.But much friendlier when I finally checked out.Fare was an expensive 139,10 EUROS BB booked by hotel.de.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Perrone
<Content>Dont take your car to Madrid city Thirtysomething couple - we stayed at the Vinnci Soho Madrid for two nights. We drove from Bacelona and for once I was not worried on locating our hotel in Madrid because of its location to the great art museums. HOWEVER when we got to the city the streets near the hotel were blocked by the national guard because as luck would have it there was a Goverment sitting at that time. And as luck would have it again the streets are one way, the guard would not even let us reverse 5 metres into the car park. Two hours wasted driving in a circle around looking for somewhere near to park - nightmare. I had got out to check in and report our problem which was met with raised shoulders and there is nothing we can do response. Eventually we got to our room. Which I must say was very stylish but it took us a while to enjoy it. Vinnci Soho is a beautiful modern hotel, location is great, but it is only when you have a problem you find out how good a hotel is really.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triggi
<Content>Good hotel in a great location My wife and I stayed here for our first wedding anniversary and it was an average experience. Our room was a good size and the bathrooms are not well lit but very well designed.Like a few members have said, they don鈥檛 have any irons here so take your travel iron.We鈥檙e used to staying in hotels around the world that have irons for their guests to use, we bought one out there in the end as we will be using it again somewhere, sometime鈥?br/>The concierge service is nonexistent! I asked about 3 different members of staff to recommend a few restaurants for my wife and I and they were simply clueless. In the end, they printed a list of 3 random restaurants and handed it to me. This is compared to other hotels we鈥檝e stayed in where they have not just recommended some fantastic restaurants, but the even made the reservations for us.We had dinner in the hotel restaurant one night and that was very good. We also had breakfast one morning and got down to the restaurant about 45mins before they stopped serving but they had already begun running out - get there early!The walls are also quite thin as I could hear my neighbours above and next door, this is no good if you鈥檙e a light sleeper.To sum this up, it鈥檚 a very well designed hotel, pleasing to the eye all round but that鈥檚 pretty much it. If you鈥檙e looking for a centrally located boutique hotel just to kip at night, then this just might be the one for you.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>jgphilly
<Content>Cool, modern hotel in good location We stayed at this hotel because it was recommended by our friend who was being married in Madrid. The decor was very modern, as this hotel is pretty new. Our room was a little small, but that was no big deal. Our friends who booked at the same time as we did ended up with a larger room by chance. (because of the way the hotel is built, every room is shaped differently) The Lounge downstairs was very cool and those of us attending the wedding met up there for drinks a few times. The location of this hotel was also very good - close to the Prado and to the shopping areas. The only downside was that there were no clocks in the room (but then again, we did not have a clock in our room in any of the places we stayed in Spain- very frustrating when you need to wake up to catch a train or something). Thankfully this place will give you a wake-up call. Also - there were no irons in the room or even one that we could borrow from the front desk so we had to pay almost 8 euros to have my husband's shirt ironed (if we weren't going to a wedding we wouldn't have bothered!) I guess you just get used to the way things are in the U.S. Overall though, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Espana123
<Content>Great location Very modern, boutique hotel. The rooms were VERY small. I would recommend staying at this hotel for its location. It is within easy walking distance to all the attractions but far enough from the crowded touristy areas. The Prado is only 5 minutes away. The Plaza Santa Ana is a great place to eat and grab a drink and it's only a few blocks from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>notlongawife
<Content>Great Location - Not 4* We stayed in room 128 which was very small indeed with dark decor however the bathroom was great. This is definately a tourist hotel rather than business hotel as there isnt even an iron available, wakeup calls are unreliable nor any of the comforts a business traveller needs. AirCon simply does not work despite staff pretending to fix it. This makes rooms far to hot to sleep at this time of year. The rooms are clean, location is excellent which is all one needs if intending to see Madrid. Service is friendly but shocking at the same time- no clue about anything to put it mildly. All in all - good value for money given its convenient location.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A frequent and discerning traveller
<Content>A very modern hotel The location is quite central and convenient. My room was quite small, and extremely modern -- perhaps too modern even for some people's liking (no desk, limited storage space, bathroom somewhat cramped although it did have a combination shower and bath). Its modern emphasis also makes it feel a bit cold, even in the heat of the summer. Although the staff claimed that there wasn't one, I found a free wireless Internet connection in my room. The hotel is located in an area where there are numerous youth hostels. As one might expect, there are a scarcity of nice restaurants and other upscale venues nearby. I ate twice (breakfast, dinner) in the hotel's restaurant, which had an excellent selection, and the food was excellent if a bit pricey. There are many inexpensive cafes around as well as a Starbucks, if one has time in the morning to browse around.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richardlondon
<Content>Nice property, very mixed service We arrived to find our room (#126) had a major problem with the AC. There was a terrible banging noise from the ceiling. Anyway, this was quickly resolved and we were moved to a (much bigger) alternative room without fuss.The room was new, very modern although a little dark has it has no windows, just skylights. It was well furnished with a great king size bed, good shower etc. As others have mentioned, the finish is a little cheap. Already some of the light/electrical fittings were coming away.However overall, the room was quite acceptable. The biggest concern is with their service. Room service wasn't available due to lack of staff (only self service!). In the bars/restaurants again the service was painfully slow and non-customer focused. For a 4 star hotel, it just wasn't good enough.I'd look elsewhere in Madrid, management here have still some issues to resolve!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Progress in May Hooo, boy! Were we worried when we read some of these reviews! We had bought a cancellation waiver, and I was thinking of using it, but we went ahead. If the Vincci Soho was really that bad in January, it has gotten somewhat better in May. Our room was not musty, the decorations were all finished, the hotel was qiuet at night and we slept soundly for all six nights. The breakfast buffet is expensive (18 Euros), but welcome and filling, with great coffee, vareities of Iberian ham, and a delicous potato tart. The location near the Plaza Neptune and Cortez Square was perfect for visiting the Prado. True, if their website claimed high speed internet, the Vincci should be dinged, because there was none, and there was no business center either. But we were there for vacation, and to check e-mail I went to the lavenderia around the corner. 1 Euro for 30 minutes. It was fine. I am not sure if the Vincci is the best or worst hotel in Madrid, but we did NOT have a nightmare stay. We were comfortable, happy, and ate and slept well. And we loved Madrid, too!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mingaling
<Content>Great boutique hotel       Outside the entrance  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class???? Small hotel, maybe just a bit too small. My wife and I were squeezing around each other to get around. For the amount of money we spent, I would assume that we would be able to use an iron for my clothes. ..like they let you do when you spend a night at a Super 8.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go somewhere else We were transferred to this hotel from Vincci Centrum hotel because our assigned room had problems, more like they overbooked i think. We were told Vincci Soho is a better newer hotel by Vincci Centrum. Well to our surprise, we did not think newer means unfinished. We were first assigned to a 2nd floor room, where the window did not close properly so u could hear street noise very well. When asked for another room, they gave us a quiet room on the fourth floor where not all the rooms were finished or were being repaired? Overall, the only thing we appreciate about the hotel, is that they have king size bed but the rest?, all hype, fancy modern looks on the outside and nothing much inside. In Madrid, there seems to be so many new modern looking hotels with good location. I would definitely stay somewhere else next time.This hotel is definitely not 4 stars in room, needless to say service.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>terry75
<Content>Modern hotel, great location I booked this hotel based on price and location - despite there being a number of varying reviews which I hoped of the poor ones were due to the hotel being fairly new.It's in a great location - walking distance to all the galleries, plaza mayor, palace etc. and exceptionally modern. The staff on the weekend of our stay were very helpful and friendly, and we only experienced a small queue when checking out at 12pm. We didn't have any problems with our pre-paid booking through expedia.The room was fantastic - very comfortable bed (fairly firm), good pillows, air con etc. It wasn't huge, but not small either. The LCD TV doesn't only has Eurosport/CNN in English - but then you're not really in Madrid to watch TV are you?!Unlike the previous review here, our bathroom had a bath/shower and two basins and was very well lit. The down side....Noise. We had an outside facing room which didn't seem to block much of the street noise. I did mention it to reception on the way out and they said that the inner-facing rooms are much quieter. We didn't make any effort to change rooms though, as we were well prepared with ear plugs from reading previous reviews and quite happy, so they may well swap rooms for you if they have availabilty and you ask on arrival.... Definitely worth a try anyway!Despite the noise, it's a capital city so you're going to get a bit of that anyway, they like to use their car horns in spain, and they don't even go out in the evening until 11pm, so I think anywhere is going to suffer from that a bit!There are plenty of reviews about noise and this hotel, so if you've read them you should be prepared. We really enjoyed our stay here, and had fantastic nights sleep with the aid of our ear plugs (if you forget - go to the pharmacy and ask for Tapones de cera en los o铆dos!!).One other thing to note about Madrid... there was a lot of pickpocketing and especially bag theft around. We saw somebody try to snatch a bag in the plaza mayor from under a table full of people (by crouching low behind the hedges), and met people who had their bag pinched in one of the popular tourist areas, so keep it on your lap or around your foot when sitting down.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and pleasant hotel I went with my boyfriend for our anniversary to this hotel which from all the information we had on it seemed very nice compared to other hotels in the area. I was very wary when the time had come to go as the reviews had been some what dreary but felt keeping an open mind was best. When we arrived at the hotel the reception was very busy and we had to wait a while to be seen as whenever a member of the staff became free the phone would go and rather than serve a customer they went for the phone every time. However I cannot complain too much as we were 2 hours early for the designated check in time and they didn鈥檛 say a word and checked us straight into the room which was very nice of them. One major problem I had was that the room description on their website is very misleading and overstated in terms of room amenities. I was very disappointed to find that there was not a fireplace as stated, the bathroom only had a shower and NO BATH, only one basin, no bathrobes, broken safe and very little storage space. I was bemused by the lighting and the electrics in the room. In the bathroom there was one light that was no were near the toilet so you practically had to use in the dark. There were so many switches it was hard to tell what did what and I had to deal with flickering lights over the bed that took an occasional 'knock' to put right. The hotel has had a lot of care and attention put into it and it has a very luxurious and upmarket feel to it with really only trivial problems that are easily put right in time.The one thing I missed was having access to a concierge to ask questions and for advice and directions. The reception was busy no matter what time of the day.The location is perfect. There is so much beauty in the surrounding area as it is a very old and quaint part of Madrid and metro which is vital to get around quickly is only 5 minutes away.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really enjoyed my stay My husband and I stayed at the Vincci Soho for four nights in April 2006. I had read the reviews on this website and was a little apprehensive, but was pleasantly surprised. The staff were all very friendly and all spoke great English (luckily since my Spanish is not so great). As someone else stated, however, it always seemed that the reception desk was a little understaffed. Even when I just had a quick question, it seemed I always had to wait in line behind people checking in. It would be nice if they had a separate concierge desk or something similar.I found our room (203) very nice. The decor was sleek and modern and we were in the corner so had two sets of windows that opened. I don't think the air conditioning was on yet, but it was a little warm, so we kept the windows open and had no problems with street noise. The two best things about this hotel, however, were the location and the price. We were within walking distance to everything we wanted to see in Madrid, great restaurants and shopping and everything else. As for price, I booked our rooms through the Vincci website and got a great rate--less than $90 per night USD. For that location and price, and for the quality of room, I was very impressed with the Vincci Soho. I would definitely recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, average hotel.. I was a bit nervous about the stay after reading some reviews, but overall, it was fine. For $90 a night you can't ask for more, except perhaps more storage. There was very limited space for clothes etc.  The company did make a poor choice in using laminate floors in the rooms, they will not hold up well under such usage, and the floors in our room already had some small scratches. The bathroom was very nice, as well as spacious, with great water pressure and a deep tub. Housekeeping was excellent, and the rest of the stakk was very helpful. The Plaza Sta. Ana is right up the street, with numerous bars, restaurants, etc. It is also very close to all the major museums.  DO NOT get the breakfast, 15 euros per person for fruit and pastries is ridiculous. For my fellow Americans who like to eat late at night, there is a diner type restaurante on the Paseo del Prado that stays open until 2 on weekdays. Everywhere else seems to close around 1. Also, if you are looking for an eggs and bacon type breakfast keep a watch for the term 'Platos Combinados'.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fancy, yet cheap The hotel has just been opened (jan -06?) and looks really nice. A closer look, however, reveals really cheap materials and poor standard. The lights did'nt work, nor did the safe in our room. The bathroom looks really good, but there's no ventilation in the shower and the shower door opens in a way making it quite a challenge to get out.Overall: fancy, yet cheap.The staff was really nice, but they were noticably concerned that so many things were malfunctioning. They really tried to help, though, changing our 2 tons safe to a new one, just to discover the new one did'nt work either... All smiles. Location is super, 25 meters to Santa Ana, 5 minutes to the Prado, 10 to Sol. The street heading up to Santa Ana is quite noisy night time so my advice is a room facing the (nice but, oh so tiny) patio.Breakfast 15鈧? a bit pricy? Did'nt try it though since the coffee shop around the corner offers a 2,50鈧?breakfast. Nice Italian restaurant across the street. Overall - Interesting value for money, but go before the ceiling comes down. They will however repair the ceiling with a smile.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Vincci Soho We booked the Vincci Soho through an Opodo package and got a very good rate on the room. The hotel room looked very nice on the web but we have had enough bad experiences with this that we were doubtful. In the end, the hotel more than lived up to our expectations. The room, lobby and bar were all very stylish. The room was comfortable and had all the amenities one could desire. The hotel staff were, with one exception, all friendly and extremely helpful. The only exception was a server in the hotel bar who did not speak any English and who was very slow (more than a 20-30 minute wait) to serve both us and other customers. One word of caution: the hotel is situated right in the heart of the heart of the city. One couldn't have a better location for access to shops, restaurants and clubs but much of Madrid and especially the city centre is extremely noisy. If you are sensitive to noise, you may be better off in a hotel further away from the city centre.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Solymares
<Content>Not for long stays As others have said... the location is great, but...We stayed there for four nights, right in the middle of our 2.5 weeks trip, and I was hoping to be able to unpack while there. Alas... the amount of storage space of two people was extremely limited. One small drawer and very little hanging room in the closet.Also, when we were leaving, we asked for a taxi to be called for us, and were told that taxis would not come to that hotel because of the narrow street. I had to walk to the main road, hail a cab and have it bring me back to the hotel to pick up my husband and our luggage (as I am fluent in Spanish... it made things easier for me to get the driver to understand what we needed).Overall... for a short stay, it's nice, but there are so many other nice hotels nearby, I'm not sure we would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MOnica9
<Content>It doesn't deserve 4 stars This hotel is not what I expected. The rooms are quite basic. Alot of things didn't work properly, such as the in-room deposit safe, there were problems with the hot water which resulted in 12 hours without hot water what so ever in the hotel, before it finally got fixed. The rooms are somewhat dark, and the lightening in the bathrooms is terrible (if you're a woman, doing your make-up is almost impossible in those light conditions), and there is no mirror in the room, only in the bathroom.The traffic noise from the streets was almost unbearable at times. We asked if we could change rooms, but was told they were fully booked (we didn't have the feeling it actually was the truth)Breakfast is not included, and they charged 16 Euros per. person for breakfast in the hotel restaurant, the selection was nothing special.. the usual breadrolls, scrambled eggs, bacon and various cheeses and sausages. We only had breakfast there there the first morning. There are other places to get breakfast nearby.The good thing is the location, most of the major sites are in walking distance from the hotel.All in all, the hotel is not terrible, but it's nothing special. I think a 4-star hotel should be able to offer a little more to it's guests, and the rooms could definately have been nicer.We would probably not choose this hotel for our next trip to Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots to recommend, but room for improvement My wife and I stayed at the Vincci Soho for a weekend in the middle of March (2006).I'd already read the reviews on this site but arrived with an open mind.I'd agree with much of what's already been written. The location is great. It's on a quiet street but very close to the centre of town, the museums and the Plaza Santa Ana, which is perfect for tapas or people-watching over a beer or two.The reception desk always seemed under-staffed and checking in took time as other guests were attended to. This also occurred in the bar (which is very swanky, by the way). The barman served our drinks and, with no explanation of where or when or who to pay, disappeared.The room we had was very nice. It was on the 2nd floor on the corner, overlooking the street. We weren't troubled by the noise of the building work - we didn't see any work being carried out but then it was the weekend.Looking at the floorplan on the inside of our door, our room appeared to be one of the smallest, although it was not pokey by any means. The bathroom was spacious, nicely done out and had room for his'n'hers basins.I agree to an extent with the reviews that the decor was a bit cheap. It's obviously been done on a budget and perhaps suffers from close scrutiny. It's like one of those instant DIY shows where they transform a room in a day. It looks pretty good so long as you don't look too closely. That said, there were some very nice design touches - the pattern above the bed-head was very effective and I quite like the way the door numbers were bigger than the doors themselves (difficult to describe, but true).The bed was comfy, the room was clean and quiet. And yes, they did skimp on the soap the second day.A little tip regarding the card-key. Don't be fooled by the arrow on the card - you actually place it in the door face down. A quick in-out motion should have you in without any trouble. There was a steady stream of guests at reception saying they were having trouble with the key - including me.What did surprise me was the lack of information in the rooms. Nothing about breakfast or other hotel facilities. It's especially surprising given that this hotel is part of a chain, not some inexperienced independent. The lack of attention to detail was perhaps illustrated best by the fact that the previous occupant's questionnaire had been filled in but completely ignored by the hotel staff - though it did make quite interesting reading. Breakfast was great though. Not cheap but there was literally everything you could possibly want for breakfast there and the restaurant felt very 'luxy'.I know other reviewers have mentioned teething problems but you'd think the hotel might have addressed them by now. On the whole though, I would recommend it. Good value. Great location. Nicely designed and very comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chefola
<Content>great location If you want a great location, clean hotel, and don't really need any service then the Vincci Soho is a good choice. The hotel and rooms are clean and decent sized. We had a room with a king sized bed that was fairly comfy. Bathroom was nice, although didn't offer much privacy. The biggest downside was that the room looked directly out on a wall and offered zero sunlight and zero view -- the room was also dark because of this. We didn't try the restaurant or bar because there were so many other choices close by.So, no real complaints and worth it if the price is right.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>still not quite there I stayed in the hotel with my girlfriend from 10-13 March 2006.The hotel is trying to be very modern and smart but somehow it just doesn't quite pull it off. The immediate impression at the front desk didn't help, despite not being open for very long at all the plastic covering on the front desk is already chipped and peeling and so the desk generally looks tatty. The staff were friendly enough but during check-in we were passed between three members of staff and the process was quite slow.The hallways reminded me of a youth hostel I have stayed in in edinburgh, they have motion sensitive lighting which is good in terms of enery conservation but does make the place look dark and unwelcoming. Our room was at the other side of the hotel to reception on the second floor and was very nice (although quite narrow). A personal gripe waas that the pillows were quite flat and (as far as i could see) spare pillows were not provided in the room.As has been mentioned in some of the other reviews, there was still a lot of building work going on (I think to the underground car park) which generally started at around 8/8:30 in the morning and, despite keeping the balcony doors closed, was loud enough to wake us up. Also the sound insulation inside the hotel is not very good (when the maids walked past outside the room it sounded as though they were inside it).As I have mentioned the room itself was very nice and clean, the bed area was a bit narrow but the bathroom was large. To address some of the points contained in the other reviews on this site:-The room was air conditioned and the air conditioning worked fine, all of the lights worked fine (and provide plenty of lighting options), we did not have any problem with our key card not working, no one walked in on us unexpectedly, the safe in the room worked fine (and was very smart, using a debit/credit card to lock and unlock it), the shower was very good and powerful.Again, as every review mentions, the location is great, it's very close to many of the points of interest and there are lots of smaller roads and bars/cafes to explore nearby.Whilst the hotel is as cheap as it currently is I would definitely recommend staying there (but perhaps take some ear plugs and a spare pillow). If the price goes up and the hotel continues to get tattier then then it might be better to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Few Technical Problems! Stayed here last week, room was lovely, clean, comfortable, spacious  attractive. The hotel is in a fantastic location - just a 10 minute walk from most of the major sights  the Thyssen museum is just at the end of the street. Didn't eat in the hotel at all as there were plenty of great bars  restaurants nearby. Hotel staff we're friendly  obliging too. The only problems are that there is still a little bit of building work going on in the hotel - which whilst this wasn't really an inconvienience, one morning we were awoken at about 8am to the stench of industrial strength glue - not what you want when trying to have a leisurely lie in!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DJMe
<Content>Very nice hotel   showReview(4586972, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Matt1977
<Content>I got home and needed to sleep!   showReview(4586667, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>harpsichord
<Content>Great space, location, style ... IF you find the right price.   showReview(4563891, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cbee201
<Content>Mostly good; some kinks to work out   showReview(4514129, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lisa222
<Content>Growing pains at the Vincci Soho   showReview(4500113, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good room   showReview(4475750, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eener
<Content>Vincci Soho Awful   showReview(4456176, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly Enjoyed Stay at Soho   showReview(4455072, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marraminga
<Content>Not Finished Yet   showReview(4407131, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HeatherEurope
<Content>I had the worst experience at this hotel   showReview(4404312, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliatissimo x coppia...   showReview(22864253, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione della struttura...   showReview(22769774, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>acapellaArles_France
<Content>vincci soho : le pi猫ge   showReview(21567232, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>waykiki
<Content>P茅sima seriedad   showReview(20669387, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La Metro pi霉 vicina non 猫...   showReview(20743783, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous sommes rest茅s 3 jours 脿...   showReview(20548721, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(20550971, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent   showReview(20550970, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral und sch枚n   showReview(20550968, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel moderne et de grand confort   showReview(20550969, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolutamente recomendable!!   showReview(19948672, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gute, zentrale Lage / interessante Ausstattung   showReview(19642320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Stadthotel   showReview(19642319, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo hotel situato in...   showReview(19492808, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JOSHH79
<Content>MUY BUEN HOTEL - MADRID CENTRO   showReview(19005514, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(19642318, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy atentos los empleados del...   showReview(19189800, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bel h么tel, bien situ茅 dans une rue calme du centre de Madrid.   showReview(18529273, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral und modern   showReview(18529274, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"Plut么t un bon h么tel''   showReview(18529271, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per MADRID la qualita prezzo 猫 ottima   showReview(18529272, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Hotel in TOP Lage   showReview(17430246, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder   showReview(17430244, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral und relativ ruhig   showReview(17430243, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La gente de recepcion es muy...   showReview(17067727, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geniale Lage   showReview(16593478, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel 4茅toiles digne de ce nom 脿 un emplacement ideal   showReview(16593476, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellente adresse   showReview(16593475, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel en plein centre de Madrid   showReview(16593474, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr beeindruckendes Ambiente!   showReview(16593473, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Design-Hotel in perfekter Lage   showReview(16593461, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Design-Hotel   showReview(16593460, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de diseno moderno, muy...   showReview(16730877, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr originelles Hotel, durchgestylt. Lage: bestens.   showReview(16593459, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>uno spettacolo   showReview(15568987, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage und zentral im Prado - Viertel   showReview(15568985, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(15568979, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gute lage!   showReview(15568978, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>week-end 脿 Madrid   showReview(15568977, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Stadthotel   showReview(15568976, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 mais   showReview(15568974, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Desde mi punto de vista hay dos...   showReview(16729797, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kein 4-Sterne Hotel   showReview(15568975, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage, direkt im Tapasviertel, leise da in einer Nebenstra脽e gelegen, Fenster gingen zum 脰ffn   showReview(15568973, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES CONTENTS   showReview(15568970, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s correct !   showReview(15568972, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Try Cervezia Allemania next...   showReview(16728962, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jotagaliza
<Content>impresionante pero ruidoso   showReview(14581658, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PArfait. A recommander   showReview(14731171, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posizione centrale   showReview(13977917, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s satisfaits   showReview(13977914, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service ? Nein!   showReview(13977913, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅... mal insonoris茅   showReview(13977912, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MontagneDecines
<Content>excellent h么tel   showReview(13807569, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderne propre mais accueil froiiiiiiiid   showReview(13195044, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>du bien et du moins bien   showReview(13195041, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottimale   showReview(13195034, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Racka
<Content>Una "bella" sorpresa   showReview(12401759, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>No pude disfrutar mucho del...   showReview(13138362, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr hip und fantastische Lage   showReview(13195033, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourn茅 pas   showReview(13195043, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The reception staff was rude   showReview(11308599, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne adresse   showReview(11308596, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles Bestens   showReview(11308595, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel h么tel moderne bien plac茅 脿 Madrid   showReview(11308597, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Satisfaisant   showReview(11308590, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s attractif   showReview(11308588, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>liegt sehr g眉nstig zum Prado   showReview(11308589, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vom Ambiente ein sehr sch枚nes DesignerHotel   showReview(11308587, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design vor Funktionalit盲t   showReview(11308586, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent point de chute pour visiter 脿 pied Madrid   showReview(11660434, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Designhotel in Toplage   showReview(11660435, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Todo perfecto si no es por que...   showReview(11401801, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buchungsqualit盲t   showReview(11660433, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BUONA POSIZIONE   showReview(11308600, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vincci Soho Madrid super Hotel   showReview(11660431, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non c'era la camera   showReview(11660432, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentrale Lage nahe Prado und Slg. Thyssen   showReview(11443795, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel   showReview(11443780, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous revisiterons un hotel Vincci en Europe d猫s que possible   showReview(11443796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente. Buon rapporto...   showReview(12649617, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designerhotel mitten in Madrid   showReview(11443777, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel 脿 recommander   showReview(11443778, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thomyb
<Content>Modernes Design kann abstossen   showReview(8220956, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALEJAN
<Content>Al llegar al hotel nos dijeron que no podian atender nuestra reserva   showReview(8054581, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel, j'y retourne 脿 mon prochain s茅jour 脿 Madrid.   showReview(11494172, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Ambiente - zentral gelegen   showReview(11494170, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenlage und modern aber...   showReview(11494169, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>komme gerne wieder   showReview(11417787, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11417761, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Edel, chic und erschwinglich   showReview(11417760, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes hotel in guter lage   showReview(11417756, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zentrale Lage, tolle Zimmer   showReview(11417754, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Total zufrieden!   showReview(11417752, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderne et central   showReview(11417751, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>design hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11417750, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11417743, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11417742, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11403778, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons   showReview(11403777, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Designerhotel mitten im Bar- und Kneipenviertel   showReview(11403776, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design, discr茅tion et proximit茅   showReview(11403775, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien situ茅 et tres calme   showReview(11398859, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11391772, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(11391771, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente bellissimo hotel...   showReview(12648789, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto bello rapporto...   showReview(11401803, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(11385823, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>musique d'ambiance   showReview(11375575, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes Hotel mit toller Lage   showReview(11363693, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(11363692, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen - tolles Zimmer   showReview(11363691, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderne, confortable, sympa......   showReview(11346375, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel, sehr gute Lage, sehr gern wieder   showReview(11346400, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>geniale lage zur innenstadt. keine u-bahn od. bus n枚tig. kann ich sofort empfhelen   showReview(11346399, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11346381, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen und Gerne wieder   showReview(11346380, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>preis / leistungsverh盲ltnis note 4   showReview(11346379, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11346378, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne situation   showReview(11346377, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(11335112, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(11335111, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(11335110, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Architecture et d茅coration orignales   showReview(11335109, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai 脿 mon prochain voyage 脿 Madrid   showReview(11335103, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bruyant   showReview(11335102, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel magnifique et bien situ茅   showReview(11335101, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel   showReview(11335100, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderno   showReview(11335099, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 recommander   showReview(11332300, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Vincci Soho   showReview(11329653, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11329296, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excelente ubicacion   showReview(4989282, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

