<Author>349ras
<Content>Naiboa much better than expected based on reviews If you've booked the Naiboa recently, don't worry - some of the recent reviews are very harsh based on our experience from Christmas to New Year's day.I'll start by saying that this was my 11th Mexican/Caribbean all- inclusive ranging from 3 to 5+ stars - so I have some experience with this type of place. I'll try and follow a common format and describe each part separately.Tour Operator: Sunquest - good last minute deal convinced us to take a trip even though we had decided to sit this year out.Flight: Skyservice (Sunquest airline partner) - as usual with Skyservice, flight was delayed both ways, seats way too small and food service very basic.Hotel: Arrived late at night (about 1/2 hour from airport) and, as mentioned in a previous review, no food available. Not a big problem but would have been nice to have a snack.Checked into two rooms with my family (wife, 16 year old daughter and 13 year old son), 2125 and 2127 (on either side of the last poster so I was really worried). Rooms were very basic and had a few minor flaws but were clean and everything (TV, Toilet, Phone, Bath, AC, Fan) worked ok. Didn't see a bug all week. One of the bathtubs (2125) had some scuffs on it but that didn't bother us. One of the power outlets was in bad shape but it was behind the main cabinet so didn't even notice until I looked.Rooms have mini-fridges with pop and beer, replenished every other day.Shower was good, lots of pressure and hot water. Mattresses firm but not as bad as expected. Sheets, and everying else, clean.The only problem we had at all was the echoing noise when people are in the hall. I brought some earplugs just in case and they made all the difference.My wife, at one point, mentioned that the lobby restrooms were among the cleanest we'd ever seen down south.All in all - a three star hotel (they shouldn't get set your expectations too high with the 4 star rating) - which is what you are paying for. If you are expecting something lavish at a discount, you might be disappointed. If you are like us, the room is one of the least important aspects of the trip anyway. You will likely spend a lot of the time at the other two Riu hotels you have access to since they are a bit more accessible from the beach.Food: You will eat most of your breakfasts and dinners in the main restaurant, the Cohiba, just off the lobby. It is buffet style and, although fairly repetitive, we found the food to be fairly good by Caribean standards and the selection varied enough so that you didn't get too bored. They have a couple of theme nights a week where they add a few specialties to the standard fare. And most importantly, no real stomach problems for anyone. Maybe a little bit for my son and I but only the morning after Mexican night so no surprise and wasn't really bad. Booked the Italian restaurant but never made it - no real vegetarian stuff for my daughter so we cancelled.Food is available most of the day at the outdoor bar but since we were at the beach all week we didn't try it.One point to be made about the bar - a previous poster mentioned the smell of waste. While we did notice a bit of a smell, it was only on the back path from the pool to the bar. There are 2 other ways to get to the bar without an issue and we didn't even realize the back path existed until about the 4th day so don't worry.Ate most of our lunches at the Bambu since we spent the whole week at tht beach. I recommend this restaurant for lunch since it has a larger selection and more turnover means food is fresher. Standard lunch fare including Spagetti, Hamburgers etc as well as an OK salad bar. Naiboa and Taino also have lunch restaurants but we found the selection more limited and the food seemed to be sitting out longer. Didn't see any fly problem near any restaurants.Entertainment: About the same as most Caribbean resorts - something to do but not Broadway. My wife and daugher confirmed that the Michael Jackson show was worthwhile.Beach: as expected, beautiful. nice soft sand that doesn't get hot.About a three minute walk down Caribbean street with little shops to distract you. Plenty of beach chairs, no matter what time of the day you arrive.We had been led to believe there was a reef right off the beach for snorkelling and brought our stuff but didn't find any place to go without booking a day long tour.We spent most of the time on the bach by the Bambu - nice and wide, close to bar, restaurant and washrooms.Pools: didn't spend much time in them but they all seemed ok. Fairly crowded and the best spots were taken early. Usual activities and monotonous music for part of the day. No swim up bar at the Naiboa.Tours: didn't take any but did go Parasailing with Scuba Caribe. Cost was about $150 for 4 and, while fun, the actual ride is fairly short. You spend most of your time taxiing out and back and sitting on the main boat watching others. When you are up there it is very calm with a great view of a lot of the area. Fun to try but don't know if I'd spend the money again.Shopping: Hotels have basic gift shops, Caribbean Street has a dozen or so shops and there is a flea market about a 10 minute walk form the Taino beach. I'm not much of a shopper but, if you like to haggle with the vendors and don't mind being asked to come into every shop then this is your best bet for bargain souveniers.Overall - like I said, I've done this a lot and would rate this place and trip in the middle - which is pretty good. Since I went in with fairly low expectations, they were exceeded and we all enjoyed ourselves a lot. In the past, I've visited some 5 star resorts and been disappointed because I was expecting a lot. Manage your expectations, remember what you paid, and you will get good value at the Naiboa.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>2008
<Content>Stay clear of the Naiboa hotel unless you are happy with a 1/2 star hotel I have just come back from a stay in the Naiboa Hotel in Punta Cana. First of all, I should comment that the beach is beautiful (although there are nicer Caribean beaches, this beach is more of an Atlantic beach). The pool is clean and pleasant., although the sun loungers should be binned.The staff in the hotel are professional and did their beach given the condition of the hotel. The rooms are an absolute disgrace. We stayed in 2126 for two nights. I have seen better hostals for 10 dollars a night. There was blood and mildrew on the mattress, the bedlinen did not fit the bed properly, sockets were hanging from the wall, the TV did not work and we were told that it this was because of the humidility and it needed to warm up!, the room smelled of mildrew, the bathroom was ancient and worst of all the toilet had a buzzing sound 24/7 which could never be repaired. We moved to 2187. This was in slightly better shape but overall tired, dated and stinky. We still had an ancient, mildrew mattress base but this time we had a newish, clean mattress. The hotel food was basic and unappealing. The Italien restaurant the worst of them all - the food barely remembles anything Italien! The buffet food is the same ever single day and is enough to get rid of anyone麓s appetite. I got severe diarrohea after eating in the Mexican restaurant. We didn麓t even get to try the grill restaurant as it was always booked. Basically we spent all of our time in the Taoni as it felt cleaner. The Naoboa rooms, lobby area and entertainment area are depressing. It feels like you stuck in a time warp and barely mertis a 2 star hotel.I will upload photos in a few days to give readers a chance to see the rooms. I will never ever stay in a RIU hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Filmfiend
<Content>2 Star if that- sickness and pests. We have just experienced the worst vacation of our lives between Nov 22-29 and need to share this experience to help others. We have traveled quite a bit, including Cuba, and have never witnessed a hotel in the state of this 鈥渇our star鈥? It deserves two stars if that, and we feel extremely misled by the 4 star Sunquest distinction. In our opinion, Sunquest should not offer the property RIU NAIBOA. It deserves to be shut down. Before explaining why, I need to point out that the staff as a whole was very helpful, and our rooms were always kept clean. The wait staff in the Cohiba dining room and the animation team was very professional and was possibly the highlight of our stay. As always, Bavaro beach cannot be beat. Whenever possible we escaped our hotel by making use of the Taino facilities or the beach.The Naiboa is the least expensive of the 4 RIU properties. In order from best class to least, the properties are the RIU Palace Punta Cana, RIU Palace Macao, RIU Bamboo, RIU Taino and finally the RIU Naiboa. The following review is exclusively about the challenges that we experienced in the Naiboa.Arrival:We arrived at night. Our flight was 1 hour late, so we arrived at the hotel past midnight local time. There is no food at this resort anywhere after midnight. We went to bed hungry and ate an early breakfast the next day. We thought that there might have been food that we were not aware of, but even later in the week, we could not find any after midnight.Rooms:Our party of 5 stayed in 3 rooms - 2145, 2146, and 2148The thermostats in rooms 2145 and 2146 were damaged beyond repair and the AC did not work at all. Room 2145 did not even have a fan. The AC in 2148 worked, but was extremely noisy. The smell in room 2146 was extremely mildewy and their bathtub was borderline unusable. All rooms all had mix-matched tile and paint. The lighting was harsh and florescent in all three rooms. The refrigerator in room 2145 was so noisy that it needed to be unplugged at night. The rooms were so close to the pool entertainment, kitchen and night club that there were only 6 or so hours of quiet per day. The patio door did not lock in room 2146 The patio doors in rooms 2145 and 2146 looked like they had been pried open by a crow bar at some point and had continual openings which let in flies due to the close proximity to the kitchen. The toilets in room 2146 and 2148 did not work properly. Maintenance were able to fix 2146, but issues were experienced in 2148 for the duration of the trip. There were not enough 鈥淒o not Disturb signs鈥? Ours went missing on Wednesday night. Thursday morning, a maid tried to access our room without the 鈥淢ake up the room鈥?sign being out. We then became aware that someone had taken our 鈥淒o not disturb鈥?sign. We were not allowed two room keys. Upon pressing the desk, we were told that a key could be cut, but that it would take at least 3 hours. We gave up. Rooms did not have any amenities such as coffee makers, irons or hair dryers. To borrow an iron cost a $20 deposit. In one case, the borrowed iron left a white residue on the guest in 2148鈥檚 dinner shirt.  Property:The back stairway that we used (just to the right of room 2145) had a rusty chain link fence at the bottom that was a safety hazard when using the staircase. Many of the pool chairs were refurbished beyond using. They were pained white to cover use marks and sagged to the ground once you sat on them. The towel booth seemed extremely hesitant to exchange towels mid-day no matter how soiled they were. We were told that we were only allowed one towel per day, and could only exchange for our towel card at the end of the day. Walking around the property, there was a heavy smell of human waste at times, especially behind the bars We were approached by traveller by the name of Paulo or Pablo from Ibiza, Spain. This individual was extremely friendly with all of the bar and reception staff. This individual offered my husband several services that cannot be named here. We saw this individual at several points during our stay, but never by the pool or on the beach. He did not look like he was vacationing. Flies plagues the outside dining area. On Thursday November 27th, a piece of roof fell in the bar beside us and landed on a chair. Upon looking up, we saw a rat. A rat was viewed scurrying along the ground earlier in the week as well. On Friday November 28th, 陆 of the bar area in the Naiboa was torn down and roped off using caution tape. Strangely enough, it was the opposite 陆 from where we saw the rat the night before. Room 2146 witnessed a very large cockroach in their room. On the last day, I used a 鈥渃ourtesy鈥?room to have a shower. The patio door to this room was missing, and the room was EXTREMELY dismal 鈥?the electric fixtures were exposed, etc. It looked like something out of a horror movie. The bathroom had no soap and the floor was littered with used towels from other guests.  Food / illness:4 of 5 individuals in our party experienced some type of illness even though we diligently stayed away from the water and ate limited fruits. We are NOT heavy drinkers. I myself became extremely ill with what I assumed was food poisoning on Tuesday November 25th. I was room bound for 2 days and experienced cold chills, night sweats and extreme diarrhea. I attempted to visit the on-site doctor, but chose not to after I saw a female doctor / nurse arguing with a very distraught German couple outside of the clinic. I continue to experience flu-like symptoms and have since visited my doctor in Canada to be tested for a parasite / other causes for such prolonged symptoms.  Return:The airport pick-up arrived 30 minutes early and came looking for us. We were caught off guard and were made anxious by the early pick-up. We did not have a chance to eat dinner as the dining room only opens at 7:00. The check-in at the Punta Cana airport was horrible. People were arguing with the Skyservice staff about luggage weight to the point of screaming matches. The counter representative got upset at us for not wanting to leave the desk until our luggage tags were placed on our pieces and we saw that they had been placed on the luggage belt.  Sunquest Rep- 鈥淪teve鈥?br/>In Steve鈥檚 introduction to us, he let us know that he used to work for a bingo hall in Ottawa and that he came to Puerto Plata on vacation a few years back and decided not to go home. He told us that he slept on the beach for a 鈥渃ouple of months鈥?and then got a job with Sunquest. His 鈥減resentation鈥?to us was extremely repetitive. He must have told us that he was expecting 7 people for our presentation upwards of 10 times, even after all 7 of us were in attendance. He did a good job of presenting the tour options available to us, but when asked about the Punta Cana area and our hotel, he willingly admitted that he was new to the area and did not know the answers. For instance, he did not know when our dinner seating time was as it had recently been changed. Instead of offering to find the answers, he advised us to ask the front desk. The Sunquest binder was dismal. There was no full list of tour options available with pricing. This was very disappointing. We found Steve a bit of a dolt and ended up booking all of our excursions on the beach instead with a wonderful, very thorough individual named Franklin. Franklin, unlike our Sunquest Rep followed up with us mid-vacation.We recommend Franklin! He followed up on my illness and treated us like family. Ask for him outside the Taino beach.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>sexyhaitian76
<Content>Worst Vacation EVER My friend and I just returned from the Naiboa. We did not have a good time at all. We actually ended our trip 3 days earlier because my second day there $260.00 US was stolen out of my wallet in my room .Neither the manager Santana or the staff seemed to really be concerned about my situation. The staff did not speak clear enough english for me to be able to communicate well with them. I bought a calling card the day I arrived to the hotel and was told by the front desk that the cost was $ 20.00. He did not tell me that when I used the phone from the room with my calling card I would be charged $2.00 US per call. The food was ok. Good variety .The beach was WONDERFUL !!! That was the best and only good part. When my money was stolen, we deceided that this was it for us ! We wanted to go home and go home ASAP! They manager gave us a hard time about changing our cab voucher ( when we booked the original package through RUI the service from the airport to the hotel and from hotel to airport was provided). He didn't even want to let us make a courtesy call to change flight and taxi information. For a hotel that is rated a 4 star, this hotel seemed run down and and out dated. I will NEVER visit another RUI hotel EVER again !!!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Stevebex
<Content>Average       Food is above average and good choice but go for the early sitting for dinner.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	4	1	

<Author>rnptnt
<Content>Truly relaxing!! I travelled from Sep 19- Sep 27. These are my reviews:Yes, the Hotel is a basic one, however; a lot of time and effort iwas spent in to keeping it clean and very attractive. The food was great in terms of variety, taste and service. Although the English language was very limited to most staff members, I feel they went above and beyond to assist wgenever possible.The fact that you can parton theTaino and the Bambu at your leisure was a excellent benefit. Having the luxury of on being at a quiet resort and the option of visiting the busier ones was truly a great assest to me.If you're looking for glam and the best of the best, visit the Macao or the Punta Cana Palace. Only you would know what you want.All in all, I had a great time!!Toronto Canada  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>EssexSeasider
<Content>Relaxing Holiday Stayed in the least prestigious of the five hotels on the complex (and it showed!) so spent most of our time at other hotels (Bambu and Taino). The room was ok but in need of some refurbishments. The food was good although all buffett style which at times involved a huge rush for the food and lots of pushing and shoving. One night you are allowed a special meal at the Italian restaurant on complex. This is worth a big miss, starters were nice but the main was terrible, most people left theirs uneaten but waiting staff did not seem to take the hint! The drinks range avaliable in our hotel was only local spirits but in other hotels you could get imported drinks. The service at times was quite poor but this may have been because they only speak limited English.The entertainment was very cheesey! The beach was fantastic and it was a bonus being able to use the pedalos and kayaks for free. once you get past the rude man on the Scuba Caribe desk!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>MexResorts
<Content>The good, bad, ugly...GREAT RIU COMPLEX...but this hotel is poor... As an experienced Riu Resorts guest (I have stayed at ALL of the Riu's in Mexico), I can give you an unbiased fair review of this property. First, you should note that this property is part of a true Riu complex (ALL of the 5 properties are conected and even common area/streets belong to Riu). The complex is wonderful/awesume!!! Now back to Naiboa, I booked this hotel (out of the 5 choices) for one reason...to save some $$$. It is the least expensive and you get what you pay for...no beach...boring pool...worst bars, worst staff, etc. The front desk personnel are without a doubt the worst at any Riu property that I have ever stayed at, ditto for restaurant and bar personnel. So did I have a horrible stay? NO! Actually, I had the BEST Riu vacation EVER!!! How? I used the greatest beach that I have ever seen and the best RIU bars at the RIU BAMBU, the best pool at RIU TIANO and the overall great ambiance of the Riu Macao and Riu Punta Cana. Now my recommendation, I would book the Riu Tiano, only a few $$$ more than Naiboa, and spend most of the day at the Riu Bambu for the beach and bars or the Riu Tiano for the pool.Again, best Riu vacation ever, unreal beaches, palm trees, ocean, etc., just avoid Naiboa.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	5	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Reedy08
<Content>Nice holiday but wouldn'y hurry back The Riu Naiboa is a clean hotel with friendly staff. the room was basic but also clean. Plenty choice of food at breakfast, lunch and evening meals.(Note:Men must wear trousers at evening meals)Bavaro itself has a beautiful beach where we spent most our days. The Naiboa is set back from the beach and is only a 5-10 minute walk along the Carribean street. While staying at the Naiboa you can also go for drinks and snacks in the Riu Bambu and Riu Tiano.Unfortunately I had a bad stomach for 3 days which really knocked the shine off the holiday, I really dont know what could have caused it, was so careful with food and didnt touch the tap water. My partner was also poorly with his stomach. The Naiboa itself is worth the money, but compared to the other hotels on the Riu Resort there are better ones. If I went back, i would definately stay at the Riu Bamboo or Riu Palace which were right on the beach. We are not party animals by any means, but we found the hotel quiet on a night with poor entertainment. All the Riu hotels had the same entertainment but different nights.e had glorious weather but I think it would have been very boring without the sunshine.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Nateich
<Content>Awsome Beach!! We stayed at Riu Naiboa for a week. We are a couple with a 1 year child (at that moment).it was 2 years ago, but i think it would be useful for someone.at first i want to say that we failed chosing copa because we arrived in Santo Domingo, and the travel to Punta Cana was awful.Weather was incredible, hot, excellent!!!Hotel amenities were very good, we didn t like the room, it s too old, it needs a renovation!!!the beach is gorgeous, sea is warm, clear, very nice. Sand is white and soft.We took an excursion to Saona Island, and we loved it, not the island at all, but the journey with snorkelling, starfish, etc.Food at the restaurant buffet is excellent, varied and tasty. a la carte restaurant are average.shows: so soWe loved the location of the hotel and the amenities of the other ones, if we go back to punta cana another time, we will book in another hotel (high category) perhaps riu bambu, taino, etc.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niki74
<Content>Great Time!! I came back from my Vacation 2 weeks ago, it was really a fun filled packed vacation with lots to do and see. I agree with a previous review, Juliana at the front desk was amazing, always very friendly and helpful, she became more like a friend than the Front Desk Receptionist. The weather was HOT HOT HOT, Beach was beautiful. I did 2 excursions on this vacation, the Carribean Festival which was going out on The Catamarang, you get to hold The Stingrays and swim with the Sharks (friendly sharks) and snorkel, on the way back there was a live show on the catamaran, very nice. The other excursion was Horseback Riding along the Beach at Sunset, also very nice experience. Every night the Club PACHA' would get going around 12.00 and go till 4.00 this was free except you have to pay for drinks (TIP - go to Riu Bambu before hand and drink, you can also take a glass or 2 with you - no body says anything to you for doing so). Always great music, Salsa, Merengue, Bachatta, House and some Hip Hop. The food on the resort was great, I really enjoyed the Buffet there was always so many different dishes to choose from and the staff always friendly. In the daytime the entertainment staff would have dance lessons by the pool and aerobics in the pool, my mum and aunt really enjoyed this one 8) A few days a week you would get to take pictures with Monkeys, Parrots and Iguanas for a very good price of only $8 U.S (Great souvenir) Overall this was a great vacation and I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>patrickfoster18
<Content>Great for a Relaxing Beach Getaway The all-inclusive Riu Resort in Punta Cana were our accommodations for a long President's Day weekend trip. The property is comprised of two super swanky hotels (Palace Punta Cana and Palace Macao) and three less deluxe (Naiboa, Taino, and Bambu). The Niaboa is the least expensive of the five, and we thought it was an amazing deal. At arrival we were greeted by a bright, airy and very pink lobby. The room was clean and comfortable, with it's own complimentary liquor dispenser offering undoubtedly the finest bottom shelf rum and vodka of the area. The less than deluxe features included a small size, hardish bed, and a taped up handle on the sliding door to the balcony. Guests of the Naiboa, Taino and Bambu can use each others pools and restaurants (the food is all the same), and the deluxe hotels can use any hotel's facilities.We were apprised of these rules upon checking in, when we also received our all-inclusive certification card (which was really asked for during our stay) and instructions on making reservations for dinner. While reservations are required for your seated dinner hour, we found that we were essentially eating nonstop throughout the day. Little distinguished the buffet breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks, but we certainly never went hungry! We also learned to make pina coladas a staple of our diet. There were plenty of bars by and even in the pool and at the beach with bartenders ready to shake the fruity, rummy concoction of your choice. The real reason we and everyone else was there was the beach, and it did not disappoint. We were delighted to find that the all-inclusiveness of the resort extended to water sports as well. The Riu Resorts are a European chain so there were lots of French, Spanish and German visitors, and not many Americans.To help the intermingling of this diverse clientele, there is a staff Animation Team. By day they are in charge of leading water aerobics, dance lessons and other such acitivities. They always pick up quite a following of new friends. But at night is when they really shine--every night starts with a rowdy game of Bingo followed by varying entertainment. One night there was a Mr. Naiboa beauty pageant, another was karaoke. Whatever that night's show, we could count on the Animation Team's signature dance routine and our emcee's ridiculous antics. For more information about our visit you can read our travel blog at http://patrinadoestheglobe.blogspot.com/2008/02/punta-cana-dominican-republic.html  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BonnieSantan
<Content>Stay Away Hotel very busy, no available lounges by the pool, room had no air conditioning, front desk said they can switch us to a suite for an additional $50 paid directly to the worker. The suite was just awful, bugs in bathroom, moldy and room smelled horrible --- needless to say we checked out after 2 days --- I could not enjoy myself. The hotel is in desperate need of a major renovation. If you are young and want to go away cheaply, and don't care about what your room looks like - this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>gemmacauser14
<Content>it was great!       carribean street partii!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	2	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>ciacovelli
<Content>Spend the money on another resort I would love to stay at more expensive places, but I am a thrifty traveler and decided to go with the Naiboa. Lets just say I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are hot with flea infested beds. My entire body is covered in flea bites. The AC barely worked. The maids took everything they possible could if it wasn't in the safe. They took cheap sunglasses, cigarettes, and even condoms! They went through our suit cases everyday. I know because I tested them by grabbing a towel off the cart and putting it in my bag. They conveniently forgot to leave us towels that day. The food was horrible, the dining staff was very good. The alcohol was watered down. The front desk made fun of me when I complained. I read the reviews on here before I left, and thought the bad ones were just a bunch of complainers. I should've listened to them. If you decide to go here. Stay, eat, and play at the Riu Bambu. I had a blast on the excursions and on the beach. The swim up bar at the bambu was fun as well as the night time entertainment. Honestly if you're putting the money into an exotic vacation, spend a little more. I learned my lesson.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>blndgxrgirl
<Content>Loved it!!!!       Even the airport was gorgeous  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tisof
<Content>paradise i can say the service was nice. i really enjoy myself. i don't have any complains. the people was nice. they have a beautiful club the swimming pool. i recommended everybody to go there. its is paradise on earth  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheers826
<Content>Great for the easy-to-please, thrifty traveler       beach in front of Tiano  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>summerbreeze08
<Content>A Moldy Musky Mess I stayed at RUI Naiboa for my summer vacation and was very apalled by the conditions of the hotel as well as the condition of the room. The hotel did not look like the pics on the internet. The hotel looked very cheesy. The first hotel room that my friend and I stayed in had mold growing in the closet and the enamel was peeled away in the tub. There was one full size bed and a twin bed for sleeping. The room smelled musky and the view was horrible. The second hotel room had mold everywhere from the liquor dispeners to the central air vents. The bathroom was filthy and not useable. There were no wash cloths in the entire building and the sheets on the bed was not clean. Unfortunately, the hotel staff was not very accomodating and we had to sleep in the hotel over night due to no place to go. We transferred immediately to another hotel the next morning.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyItravelalot
<Content>The worst experience in a hotel I arrived at RIU Naiboa hotel on 06/03/08 and was assigned a room. Upon entering the room I saw that the the living conditions were unfit. The room conditions were as follows: Mold in the closet, mold in the bathroom (tiles, ceiling, light fixtures), enamel peeled off the bathroom tub, unsanitary, one twin bed instead of a double size.I asked for a different room because of the conditions. Upon entering the second room, the living conditions were slightly better because mold was not growing in the closet. The living conditions were still unfit. After continuous complaints, research and calls I had to pay over $400.00 to be transfered to a habitable hotel. I went back to RIU Naiboa and checked out. I walked with my luggage and checked into the RIU Palace Macao. I remained at the RIU Palace Macao from 06/04/08 to 06/09/08. I was dissatisfied with the service at RIU Naiboa. Staying at theRIU Naiboa the worst experience the worst accommodations I have ever seen during my travels.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Treasure30
<Content>Lovley Trip I took my mom to Rui Naiboa as a Mother's Day gift. I liked the fact that they took your picture upon arrival at the airport. From the time we stepped in the hotel we were treated like royalty. We were greated by Juliana who is the most professional person I have ever met, and she has the prettiest smile very welcoming. I travel alot to different Islands, and I think the service here was better than any other place I' ve been in the caribbean (Costa Rica, Jamaica, Panama, VI., etc.) We were put in a room facing the pool, which was a nice view. The whole room was spotless, I have read others reviews about the rooms having mold and being dirty, no towels( We didnot face this problem). Our bar was completely stocked which my mom loved. After about 30 minutes Juliana called to make sure that our room was acceptable and asked did we need anything( I like service like that). We had fresh towels everyday, the room was cleaned everyday, and the bar was restocked everyt wo days. One complaint that I do have is the food, it was not good and I got sick the second day there( Mom did'nt get sick). I think they leave the food out to long and it goes bad. Overall it was a good trip that my Mom will never forget. We went on the glass bottom boat, went swimming with the dolphins, went parasailing, and just laid on the beach. We didnt leave the resort but overall it was a wonderful experience and I would recommend that people give this all inclusive resort a chance.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cat09Ohio
<Content>Great hotel It was so beautiful there, and we would love to go back!! The thing is you cant really leave the resort, at least we didnt, as its kind of dangerous too. You have to stay within your resort. The good thing is if you stay at the Riu, there are 4 other Riu resorts you have access too!, so you can check out the others. Weather was beautiful, and beaches were gorgeous  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>seetheworld0506
<Content>Decent stay but in need of major updates The price for our stay at Riu Naiboa was excellent. The location was great and the beaches were beautiful. We stayed at the Riu Naiboa in May 2007. The most important thing to remember is that the Riu Naiboa is an older hotel. It's frequently listed as a 4 star and it's not. It's a 3 star at best. The hotel is in immiedate need of renovations. Our room was hot and humid the entire week we were there. We requested service on the A/C several times but the room never got to what we preceived as a comfortable temperature. The hotel lobby had cracked walls and they were actually doing some ceiling repairs during the time of our visit. Most of the public areas just looked older and tired. Our bathroom was substandard at best. There was mold growing in the shower stall.The buffet food was okay. We stayed for a week and there was a bit too much repetition but it certainly was very edible. I wasn't a fan of the snack bar food at all, but my husband enjoyed it. It was mostly hot dogs, hamburgers, and pizza that had been under the heat lamp a bit too long.The staff at the Riu Naiboa is excellent and very accomodating. They were extremely friendly and willing to honor all requests. We were there for our first anniversary. The waitstaff sang to us and presented us with a cake at dinner that evening.I would recommend this hotel for an economical stay. Overall the experience was pleasant and if Riu would do some much needed renovations, it would have been fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>annie444
<Content>Good for the price. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Riu Resort for 5 days, 4 nights. There are 5 hotels situated within the resort, we stayed at the Naiboa... one of the more reasonably priced hotels. The 2 palace hotels are the more extravagent hotels. While the Naiboa isn't the nicest hotel of the lot, it was still a good hotel that was only a 4 minute walk away from the ocean. The only not so good part of the trip was the food. All they really serve is buffet food that is not tasty and can leave you a little queasy at times. You can make reservations at one of the very few resteraunts they have throughout the resort, but you must do so by finding the guy who scheduled the reservations at 7am every morning. It is limited seating so if you don't find him until later you most likely will not be able to make reservations. I would highly suggest eating at the resteraunts rather than the buffet if at all possible. Most of the staff are bilingual and can be helpful if you only speak English. I would recommend staying at the Naiboa if you are looking for a reasonably priced place with a great beach.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gettingmarried0408
<Content>Hated it!!!!!!!!       Leaky moldy air conditioner  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ItsMillerTime24_7
<Content>Just as GREAT the second time around! My husband  I just got back from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Riu Naiboa, but honestly spent most of our time at the Riu Taino or Riu Bambu pool and grounds. The Naiboa is a great place to stay for the price, but it's a little further away from all of the festivities...which isn't necessarily a bad thing if you want to get away from it all. Rooms: Rooms are average at best. Very small, and the bathrooms need some serious work. We spoke to the reception person and asked to be moved to a comparable room. Surprisingly, we were offered an upgraded room (suite) which was VERY nice. The service and staff at the Riu Naiboa couldn't be any better. They absolutely bend over backwards to make sure you enjoy your stay and have everything you need.The absolute best part about the RIU hotels are their beaches...they are perfect! Soft white sand, crystal blue water, and not too crowded, with plenty of lounge chairs to go around. A word of caution to the prudish: the majority of vacationers in Punta Cana are European, so expect to see many topless women. It's not a big deal. Get over it, Americans! Relax and enjoy yourself!!Food is average...we had plenty to eat, but don't expect spectacular flavor...the food tended to get over-cooked sitting under the heat lamps on the buffet. Veggies  fruit are exceptionally fresh and delicious. Drinks were OK...the only complaint here is that the beer was often served a little too warm for my taste, and the ice in the dacquiries was non-existent at times so it was like drinking syrup. I'd recommend sticking to rum  cokes or other mixed drinks with ice. Oh yeah...and the Mama Juana...stay away! It will send you over the edge in a heartbeat!This was our second trip to the Riu Naiboa in PC, and we were actually a little nervous going back...we had such a great experience the first time, we were scared that we were going to get 'let down' the second time around. Absolutely did not happen! Our second stay was just as great as our first trip 2 years prior, and we will definitely be returning in coming years.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>catbluehockey
<Content>Great Trip! We really enjoyed the Riu Naiboa. It was our first vacation to ourselves since having our daughter. As soon as we arrived, we had a quick check in, which was great after a long trip. ROOMS: We checked out our room, which was not entirely ready. However, it was still clean, and our room was overlooking the pool. You could see signs of wear and tear. I would highly recommend staying on the pool side if you want a nicer view, I heard others on the opposite side overlooked a swamp. The only thing I would say about staying on the pool side is the noise from the pool (games) can be a bit aggravating, the Bolero is open until late and there is a bit of noise from the Disco Pacaa but we stayed closer to the other end so that did not bother us. The room has a mini fridge and as often as you want they will give you more water. I found the front desk staff to be very helpful and when we had a maintenance problem with our shower head they fixed it that day and even gave us a small gift to kind of make up for that. It was a nice touch. The beds were not too bad, a bit hard; there is also an in room safe with a key when you check in and the floors between are virtually soundproof (e.g. we were on the 2nd floor and couldn't hear anyone above us), however, unless people were out in the hallways, that was a little irritating as it was noisy at times. The only other thing I would say is that the rooms were not as large as other resorts I have stayed in before, but, that does not really matter.FOOD: Wow. All I can say is Wow. Every night was something different I had never tried and all the usual staples otherwise. The great thing about staying at the Naiboa is the fact that you could have access to the Taino and Bambu to eat at also, which was great for variety. By the time you went in and set your stuff down, filled up your plate and came back, there was your a coffee pot on the table. At supper they would get to know you also and set out what they knew you liked to drink even before you had sat down (your server would get to know who you were and see you come in). Breakfast was handmade omelets, bacon, sausage, bread, yogurt, fruit, juice smoothies, croissants, french toast, eggs, etc. Lunch was the usual hamburgers and hotdogs, PIZZA! :), soup, salad, chicken, mussels, vegetables, desserts, etc. etc. Snack times had just about as much it seemed!Supper - unlimited a la cartes, which was great. Italian and Steakhouse are every night (which is awesome!), and Mexican we couldn't even get into, we tried twice. At supper times you have an assigned numbered table and again supper was similar to lunch but a bit more variety and again excellent food. BEACH: We ended up spending most of our time at the Bambu beach. We felt it was more covered with palm trees and was a great spot if you wanted access to the pool snack bar (Mama Juana) and pool and beach. It just means you have to walk farther but oh well. If you don't like to do a lot of walking, I wouldn't recommend the Naiboa but really who cares. Walk off all the food you eat. You get to walk down Caribbean Street which is a neat place to get little souvenirs, etc. It is only a 5 minute walk and to the Bambu was 15 minutes. We enjoyed our days on the beach, there was a couple days we could not go in the water due to the fact that it was too windy. POOL: The Naiboa pool was definitely the nicest of them all. STAFF:The Naiboa staff was always helpful and friendly. There was only one day we were a bit frustrated by the language barrier but it was alright.ENTERTAINMENT: There is a Michael Jackson show that you HAVE to watch. We saw that at the Taino. We checked out Grease at the Naiboa and a Latino show at the Bambu. EXCURSIONS: We landed on a windy week so our excursions were not as good as they could have been. We went to Bavaro Splash one day, where you drive a speed boat and then go snorkeling and then go back on the speedboat. It was very choppy waves that day. My husband loved the speedboat, I did not. I thoroughly enjoyed the snorkeling. It is a great tour for the adventurous. They tell you at the Sunquest desk not to book at the Watersports desk by the beach (the staff come around every day to sell their services) but I would question this in the future. We had also booked to go to Dolphin Island but because it was windy we had to go to Manati Park. We had to walk WAY out to a pick up spot by a bus I was sure would fall apart. I only got to spend 10 minutes in the water for $ 85 US - way too much money. But, I still got to do it. In the future I would want to go to Dolphin Island instead. I hear it is much better. OVERALL: The crowd at Naiboa is more of a younger family oriented spot vs Bambu or Macao was more upper class. Taino was more middle aged, younger people. The Palace was VERY high class people. It really did look like a palace. The cool thing was again you could access other resorts and enjoy live music or entertainment or facilities or food at any of them. We had a really great time, we met lots of other people around from Canada and we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. If you want a cost efficient vacation, Naiboa is the spot. However next time I think we might have spent a bit more money and went to the Riu Bambu instead. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>micojoia
<Content>I hate snow.. PART 1 (No photos)Wow, they told me I would like Punta Cana better than Puerto Plata...they where right..I worked in hotel business for 15 years and I allways critique hotels to the smallest of details. this place, has all the tools to be a incredible hotel, however they where not being used. Rooms..... old, run down, need renovations, but nicely clean the boose cupboard was stupid, the mini fridge was smart. .Hallways....very clean, well maintained. Lobby.....Poor, broken floor tiles, old plastic flowers, again run down and in need of a renovation, but allways very clean..Elevators.....european elevators, really tight and painfully slow, no venting. Not much the hotel can do. Restaurants......very clean, great service, good food, fish station is better than meat station, the breads, dairy, cheeses, salads, etc..all very fresh and well stocked up, many options for everyone's taste.Pool...... ......the best in the entire complex of five hotels, big spacious and very clean.grounds, very clean, beutifull lucious vegetations, nice paths, lots of garbage cans.NO DIRECT ACESS TO BEACH, BE AWARE OF THIS WHEN YOU BOOK AT THIS HOTEL. There is a path and road that lead to it but it goes thru a shopping area, very pleasent, clean and entertaining but you have to walk five minutes, if that bothers you stay at the Riu Taino. I didin't mind that, I tought it was fun. Beach.........hooommmyyygod......I tought I was in heaven, clean fine, huge, beutilful play sand like beaches, sun, sun, sun...I loved it, I have seen hundreds of beaches in my life but this one beats it all..lot's of loungers, showers, palm trees, no algae, they bring you drinks with out even asking, wow i loved it...WATCH OUT FOR THE SUN IS VERY STRONG, YOU WILL BURN BADDLY IN MINUTES..Entertainment.........very telented, nice and a fun bunch, the night shows are fun and very entertaining, if smoke bothers you will have a hard time because almost everyone smokes at this resort (lots of European Guests) they love to smoke. The drinks are awsome, ask for Ricardo the bartender and Yovanny the waiter at the buffet restaurant. Exceptional staff.There is hookers on the bar by the pool soliciting business, very disceet but they are allways there.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KevPEI
<Content>From the Maritimes to Punta Cana!! Ola!My wife and I stayed here Mar 16-23, 2008. We loved it. The food was great. Restaurant reservations were not always easy to get, get up early to have a good chance, like 6:00am. Italian was okay but Steakhouse was awesome! In the end the buffet had more than enough to choose from, so don't worry if you miss the a la cartes. Was very windy for most of our stay, likely to do with the full moon, still warm even though, waves were great to play in, some undertoe as well, be careful, watch your kids please. I never needed long sleeves, so there you go, it's nice. As you know you have access to RIU Taino and Bambu as well, just have to go to your own buffet at night. You can also walk around the others not included, no one kicked us out. We ended up living at the Bambu a lot, but slept at Naiboa of course. Bambu is just a little more compact and things are closer together. The beach there had more shade, smaller palm trees to sit under, etc. The rest of the beach had taller palms, nice, just not as shady, and not as much of a beach stretch to the water, near Bambu you have a treed beach area, the open beach, then the water, that's ideal, perfect and nice! We wished we had of booked the Bambu in the first place, but the walk each day to and from was good, though we didn't want to (our own laziness), helped with all the food we ate!! You'll be sure to put on about 5 lbs at this place in one week. Kid you not! All in all, our room was fine, had a problem with the shower, but they fixed it quickly, and gave us some rum for the trouble and a souvenier. So they really tried to go the extra mile here we thought. Also, if your water jug runs out in the fridge, just get more at the front desk, we did. No probs, or they will be by with it later. If you ever meet the guy in the hall filling the fridges, he'll hand over as much stuff as you want!! No probs. We did the Bavaro Splash excursion, but was so windy the water kept getting in my eyes, and the salt really stings, so I did not enjoy the speed boat I got to drive. On a nice day, this would have been a great excursion, just think twice if it's not going to be a calmer day on the water. Or, bring a mask, or goggles to keep water out, that would be okay then. My eyes were really red from all the salt, the way home, the salt was drying on my face, and my shirt was stiff with it, not kidding. Overall, nice place. Staff are great, and so thankful we tipped them sometimes. They work hard and are thankful to have work. If we stopped going to the DR, they have no work, so think about it the next time you are frustrated over something on your trip. If your spanish is bad, just learn some. They try hard to speak english, so we should give a little as well.Some reviews on here, wow, some people are spoiled and should be ashamed of the things they comment on and say about these resorts and hard working people. The world does not center around you/me as individuals, look beyond yourself (me too), and enjoy a new culture, and love the people you are so very blessed to meet there. The worst part of my trip was witnessing the vacationers who seemed to have an attitude, wanting everything just so...they are plain and simply very spoiled and really should just stay home and hire a butler to dance for them. It makes no sense for the rich to go to the DR and complain about it. And yes, there is garbage on the side of the road outside the resort, I expected that. Think deeper and outside of yourself for a minute, maybe there's a reason for the way life is there? If you were born in the DR, chances are you'd live the way most of them do. Our gov't here is far from perfect, their's I am sure is the same, with less money to go around for services, etc. Be willing to understand that everyone in the world is not like you, book the Naiboa, enjoy the locals who work there, the food, the sun. Leave a smile or two behind, make a difference in someone's world for a change, tip a few bucks here and there. And relax, some people were so uptight, I need time off just from watching them fuss and butt into line all the time. It must be okay to be rude in some countries? Not in Canada eh! This trip has opened my eyes to appreciate other people in the world who God loves. He truly loves all people and I am so thankful for the honor to visit the DR. The other bad part of the trip was all the second hand smoke, nothing against smokers, but I didn't deserve someone else's habit in my face all week. I didn't spit in anyone's face, why should they get to smoke in mine? I love the new Canadian laws. The closed in areas were sometimes really bad, made the shows unenjoyable, so we left and walked along the beach under the moon, no biggy. We plan to go back, just maybe the Bambu this time since we lived there so much and liked it, maybe with less walking I can gain 10 lbs!! And do catch the Michael Jackson show, it was pretty cool! He had the moves down pretty well. Very fun to watch.Just go, the negative reviews show up even in the 5 stars places on here, so ignore them as they are hardly worth your time read. Cheers to the Naiboa! Thank you to everyone who worked hard to make my stay a fun one! See you soon Punta Cana.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelcatArlington
<Content>I still like the property but it needs work We stayed at this hotel six years ago and absolutely loved it. Although I still really like the Riu property, they clearly haven't touched the hotel in the six years since we have been there. The hotel lobby as well as the rooms looked shabby- though let's face it you don't spend much time in the room anyway. What was more disappointing was the lack of a kids program. Six years ago before I had kids- they had a wonderful program- although they still advertise that they have a kids program-they don't and when I asked about it- I felt like I was bothering the hotel employees- I guess that they got tried of my asking because one day they did take my daughter and two other children for an hour and half- when my daughter returned she had a piece of paper that the staff had drawn a flower on and my daugher had colored in- it also seemed that the activity staff was more interested (particularly the female staff) in flirting with other staff then anything else-- I would go back because I do like property but I will definitely have lower expectations next time.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>JulesKingston_ON
<Content>The Naiboa was excellent!! My husband and I went to the RIU Naiboa for our first real vacation without our children.....we were treated wonderfully by the Naiboa staff and would definitely recommend this to anyone travelling on a budget.The food was excellent....buffet meals three times a day with a huge variety of foods to suit everyones tastes. My favourite was the fresh pineapple....ate it at every meal!!The drinks were great too....the best one for me was the Copa Cobana....even my husband said this was the best drink...besides his beer and dark rum.Friends of ours stayed next door at the Palace Macao....this was beautiful. I think if we go back we will stay here as well. They were getting married so they wanted to stay in a 5 star hotel. We spent a lot os time with them in their room, and most of our time was spent on the beach.Ah....the beach......gorgeous white sand, warm water, palm trees, the breeze off the the ocean......probably one of my favourite memories ever!! It was so relaxing...very clean...friendly people. Don't worry if you only speak english..we do and were able to get by no problem, though we did learn some spanish before we went, which was very helpful in understanding others.Make sure to take and wear lots of sunscreen. We went through 3 bottles in a week...only got a little bit of a burn. Also, take a swim suit and change of clothes in your carry-on. This saved us a lot of heart ache when our luggage did not arrive until the following evening due to the huge snow storm in Montreal.If you are considering travelling here, go for it!! For those of you uesd to the 5 star quality, try next door at the Macao.Sunny Mommy  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susananddale
<Content>Our Trip Too Riu       the beach  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blahblahblahcanada
<Content>Riu Naiboa Punta Cana       The Riu Naiboa pool from our room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaribbeanChill
<Content>Naiboa Getaway... My Husband and I just returned last night from a long weekend at Riu Naiboa. We were looking for a 5 day inexpensive getaway to the beach and Naiboa was perfect for just that! I had read many reviews prior to traveling so I promised upon my return to go back to travel advisor and share my comments. We had stayed at a Riu resort in Jamaica several years ago which we enjoyed and we have only heard about Riu's good reputation.   Naiboa is the least expensive and oldest of the 5 Riu's located in Punta Cana. The rooms were definitely in need of updating-new beds, linens and bathrooms would do the trick but overall they were clean and if you needed anything the staff would do whatever possible to accommodate you. For example, we changed our first room to one with a queen bed (which I would recommend-versus the standard room) and requested 2 extra pillows and an extra sheet (since they did not use a mattress cover) and they provided them for us that night. Somehow we managed to sleep even though the bed was not the most comfortable-Maybe that doesn't even matter after a long day drinking on the beach in the sun?? The restaurants at Naiboa were the same-outdated. But the food was decent and we did not get sick like others have complained of after visiting Punta Cana. They certainly had quite a spread for every meal....it was just difficult to find a lot that we liked. The food seemed to cater to the Europeans. But believe me we far from starved to death! The meals were served buffet style. I liked the breakfasts-especially the fresh fruit drinks, french toast, omelets, and bacon. Lunch on the other hand was not as hot. They served salad, pizza, pasta, dogs and burgers-sounds good but just tasted strange...we ate way to many french fries-which were good. Dinners had a large selection but just not that great- Paella was good. Had one dinner at the Italian-A la carte restaurant, where you have to make reservations early in the morning but this was not impressive. Here they serve you very similar food to the buffet but it was nice to go somewhere different. My husband did not enjoy having to wear pants to dinner every night even at the buffet restaurant. (He even got reprimanded one night for wearing shorts!)  The drinks are good. During the day enjoyed frozen Pina Coladas, Daiquiris, and Mai Tai's. Rum and Coke later in the afternoon and wine with dinner. The alcohol is all average brands-no top shelf here! Bartenders are nice-no tips necessary but $1 here or there doesn't hurt. Don't miss the Dominican Rum called Mama Juana as an after dinner drink-might make you get crazy at the end of the night ;) The beach is beautiful! Clean and plenty of chairs for everyone. If you are not interested in excursions tell anyone that asks No Gracias right away or they may annoy you. Oh and make sure you know your basic Spanish-not many people spoke English. Fresh coconuts were fun on the beach every day. Oh and be prepared for European topless women on the beach-and let loose take off your top- your on vacation-its fun to feel free (I did)! If your a pool person (we like the beach), the pool at Naiboa looked very nice and all of the other pools at the Riu's also looked nice and clean. We just prefer the ocean. The coolest thing is that all 5 resorts are connected and so you are able to walk around and enjoy all of them. If you go make sure you go check out the two Palace resorts-they are beautiful but you have to pay for a drink at either of them. Also have to pay for drinks at Pacha night club-the night hot spot-ok if you like Spanish music. Casino was small and a little sketchy. The entertainment was interesting-the staff is all very dedicated to their jobs and friendly. The shows at night were done in Spanish-dancers were talented. The grounds on all the resorts are fabulous-well kept lush greens and palm trees. Caribbean street is the walkway to the beach and has cute little boutiques which we liked. Thursday night Carnival is held there which is fun.  Overall we enjoyed our stay at Naiboa. The weather was beautiful-lots of sunshine but not unbearably hot. We came home feeling romantic and relaxed. Just remember that everything is done Caribbean style on Dominican time. No worries Mon!Have fun and have some Mama Juana for me :)  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FOB_freak101
<Content>This hotel was average! this hotel was average. The beach was kinda close you just had to walk a little bit. The place where you booked tours was close right near the beach. The resturuants food was ok, it wasn't the best. But we had alot of fun. we met people. Also if you do any tours you should try the banana boat it was awesome. We swam with dolphins too. that was also very awesome(a day trip). So overall this trip was average.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ajo1
<Content>Loved it! My friend and I just returned from a week at Naiboa and I wish I were still there. The staff were amazing -- everyone was always smiling, singing and dancing. Even in the face of some obnoxious tourists, they were always very friendly and helpful.The resort itself was smaller than some of the other resorts that I have been to, but we had access to two other RIUs, so it all felt like one huge area. Everything was immaculate. The beach was beautiful, and I really enjoyed walking down the little shopping street to get to it. It was nice to look in the stores and not have to barter or be hastled. There are some huts a few minutes down on the beach if that is what you are interesting (and it is always interesting)!. The pool was lovely. At first I was disappointed it didn't have a swim up bar, and thought I would spend my time at one of the other pools, but ended up enjoying it too much to leave. The food was plentiful and delicious. Always an amazing variety and really tasty. I would have to say that it was as good, if not better, than some of the five star resorts that I have stayed in. I was disappointed by the Italian restaraunt, but the Steak House at the Palace more than made up for it. It was so good, we booked two nights in a row! While we were there there was a huge variety of people from all over the world -- Canada, United States, Poland, Argentina, England, Germany and Slovakia. Everyone was very friendly and I enjoyed meeting some great new friends.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bludawg
<Content>A piece of Heaven       Saona speed boat  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sunnyalberta
<Content>good value for what it cost for a week stay My daughter, a girlfriend  I spent a week at the Naiboa this year  honestly did not have any major complaints. We didn't expect a 5 star resort when we booked - found the staff very friendly  the food was better than we expected. The location was great  we loved the street of shops. We did get our room changed after the first night as we were very close to the disco where the noise level was pretty loud - there was no problem getting moved to a room with a view of the pool. The rooms probably could use some new bathroom fixtures but it was clean enough  for the amount of time we spent in the room it was fine. The pool was great  the guys  gals that organized the games etc. in the afternoon were sure fun. All in all it was a great week  we would stay at the Naiboa again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pitatravel
<Content>Not going back... My boyfriend and I just came back from Riu Naiboa a couple of days ago. First off both of us are not huge on resorts in general and i've never stayed in one where you have to stay on site because there's nothing else really outside of it and it's discouraged by most. So 3 days is all I can handle of just lying in a beach or pool and eating at the same places. That being said the beaches are gorgeous and clean, and the weather was beautiful. The rooms are a bit dated but very clean and comfortable enough for us. Were really easy to please and don't spend much time in them anyway. Beach-I thought the walk to the beach was fine I know that it seemed like a problem to some but coming from nyc where you walk everywhere a nice leisurely 5 minutes stroll to the beach didn't bother us a bit. I was a little disappointed with the gym, there was no air conditioning and not much equipment so we decided to just walk the beach every morning and afternoon for an hour or more-my favorite part by far its so relaxing and the beach was never that crowded, and always teeming with activities for everyone, so if you're into watersports it's worth it because it's all included. We even saw a whale one afternoon coming up for air (just saw the huge fin) so that was really cool, it was about a 30 minute walk from the resort. One thing that stood out was all the Europeans in their [--](speedos), also many topless women. I'm not a prude so I got used to it very quickly and i'm sure my boyfriend didn't mind some of the women but consider this if you have young children I guess. I saw some American families and they seemed uncomfortable-I felt bad for them. The pool had just as many topless women as the beach so I don't know if they have an area that doesn't have any of this. Food-Very disappointed in the food selection. They tend to cater more to the European crowd and barely had any latin food which you would expect being in a Latin country! Just rice and beans and everything else was very blah. You don't necessarily have to dress up for dinner but no shorts for men or tank tops for either men  women. They did turn away many men for wearing shorts. I disagree with this, it's a regular buffet  they need to get over it and let people be comfortable. I understand for the nicer restaurants but not for this. Breakfast was no better, the smoothies were delicious though. The selection of food was a bit better during lunch hours. That's where we really filled up. I can't talk much about drinks because we barely drink. I had a couple of pina coladas which were good, the mojito was crap and was the rum and coke my boyfriend barely drank. Staff-I thought the many of the people on staff were completely clueless and some downright rude. Like I said earlier were reasonable people and very nice to everyone. I speak spanish so that helped a lot because most of the people who work there don't speak much english at all. Many times I got a I don't know response. Then on our last day we asked the guy at reception when should we expect our shuttle bus to take us to the airport. He looked frustrated at me for asking! and said I don't know. How could you not know we were told to come here in the morning and ask. He sent me to the back somewhere to ask someone, no one was there and when I came back he yelled and said I had to look at some book for a number. I lost my temper and that point and asked for a manager but of course none were on hand. He then went on an on about how the shuttle service is seperate from the hotel and not something that is there responsibility. It's not even so much what he said but how he said it and that's why I lost my temper because it wasn't necessary when I simply asked a question nicely about our shuttle service. I also noted another group of traveler's complaining about booking an excursion and then never being picked up. I also wouldn't recommend this place for a girlfriends getaway because many of the men working there are perverts who'd rather spend their time staring and flirting with you and other women than doing their job. When we checked in we had to wait for a guy to let go of some girls hand he snatched and was trying to sweet talk to spend time with him before he helped us and she got away. Very unprofessional so ladies don't go alone. The women working there were very sweet and much more knowledgeable than the men. And what someone mentioned about the Europeans being unfriendly is true, it is weird seeing the same group of people no hello's at all. Not saying all Europeans are unfriendly just this bunch. So yes the beaches are beautiful and i'd probably go back to DR again because it's inexpensive BUT I would never stay at any of the RIU hotels ever again. I know this is just our experience and many here loved it so to each his own different strokes for different folks. Happy travels!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>sunl0ver16
<Content>A Great Vacation!       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bryanb
<Content>First time at a Riu This is the third year we have been a group travelling and my fifth trip to the Dominican Republic, but my first visit to Punta Cana. I travel with the understanding that I鈥檓 not staying at the Ritz or someplace like that and don鈥檛 expect the resort to provide that service. I go to have fun and regardless of any little quirks we always do.Check InAfter the 30 minute bus ride to the resort we arrived at the resort. Check in was very good. There were 10 people on the bus to the resort, 7 which were part of our group. I had emailed about a week before asking for a pool view room upgrade and was pleasantly surprised to have gotten it. When we walked into the lobby we naturally headed for the Reception desk but were called over to a small table, given the registration form and our room keys and brought into a meeting room with a cocktail drink so we could be given some general info on the hotel by the hotel (not the tour operator 鈥?that was the next day). The keys to the safe are included with your package and were given out at this session.RoomAs mentioned I asked for a pool view room based on reviews I鈥檝e read. Our group was mainly together in 3 rooms next to each other (only 1 person was away from the group due to a room issue). We were in Rooms 2116, 2117 and 2118.There was 1 double bed and 1 single bed in each of our rooms. I was under the impression that the Naiboa only had 1 type of room but it turns out they have rooms with Queen/Double mixes 鈥?next time we鈥檇 try for that type of room.We had no problems with the water pressure or hot water supply. The power also went out a couple times for a minute or so. Once for about 30 minutes in the afternoon 鈥?never long enough to be a hassle.As others have mentioned the Air Conditioning at this hotel tends to be weak to non-existent in some rooms, ours was one of them. The rooms each have a ceiling fan which keeps the room comfortable so after asking 4 times about the A/C we gave up.I was prepared for solid beds and found that they weren鈥檛 nearly as hard as I had expected. From what I understand from the rest of the group, our beds were softer than what they had. All that said no one had problems sleeping on them. After a day in the sun and a few drinks it鈥檚 easy to sleep on almost anything!The only point of concern was the room keys. As mentioned we were in room 2116, however our key also opened 2117, 2118 and 2119. As we knew everyone in these rooms it was handy at times, but a big security risk. The key we had was engraved for room 2170 so I鈥檓 not sure if would work in that door or not. I should point out that the keys for 2117, 2118 and 2119 did not open our door, but they were able to open a couple others besides their own.FoodI think that this hotel offered the widest selection of breakfast items of any resort I鈥檝e been to. Granted it was always the same selection, there was so much of it, there never was a problem getting your morning started. I think the best thing was the French-toast style Croissants 鈥?yummy! We had our breakfast out on the terrace each morning which was a nice touch.Lunch was normally eaten at the beach at either the Pizzeria or Beach Bar and was Burgers, Pizza, Fries, Pasta, Hot Dogs, etc. They had this roasted Chicken which is almost as good as Swiss Chalet! I didn鈥檛 try the main buffet for lunch so I don鈥檛 know the selection.Supper was always a different theme each night at the buffet so that was good. We also did the Italian a la carte 3 times, Steak House once and the Caribbean Restaurant once. To book the a-la cartes, you need to talk to the Buffet manager the night before and pick up your reservation slip at Breakfast the next day. Snacks 鈥?There was never a time when we couldn鈥檛 find something to eat. Between the Pool Bar, Beach Bar and Pizzeria food was served until at least 2 AM. We never managed to find the 24 hour food at the Bamboo (it was always 鈥?5 more minutes before it鈥檚 here, which never seemed to end).NOTE: Supper at the Buffet: There are 2 seating鈥檚. On the day you arrive go to the Buffet Manager and book your seating for your stay. You are assigned a specific table for your stay. Men must wear pants and a shirt with sleeves to be admitted 鈥?I saw a few people turned away.BarsThere are several bars to visit should you wish to. There is the Pool bar, the Beach bar, Lobby Bar (at night), Pizzeria Bar, Bamboo Bar, the Swim Up bar at the Taino and Bamboo, plus many more we didn鈥檛 get to. Each bar we went to made good drinks.The Beach Being this our first time to Punta Cana we were pleased to see the sand was basically white. The beach was as clean as you can expect. You need to watch where you walk as smokers seemed to be just putting their butts out in the sand where ever they chose. Perhaps some ashtrays would help with this habit.We spent all but 1 day at the beach. While you may have to move some chairs to where you want to sit, we never had a problem finding available ones to use until the second week when it became quite crowded, so we paid one of the beach workers to reserve us a group of 8 loungers - it was easy to find a couple but trying to find 8 was heard. PoolWe made us of the Naiboa pool and never got into any of the other ones we had access too as we were happy on the beach. The Naiboa鈥檚 pool is very nice and wasn鈥檛 too bad for chairs in the morning. If you spend the day at the Beach and want to move to the pool in the late afternoon you may have a hard time getting chairs as it was quite full by then.EntertainmentWe only made it to 2 shows. One was an audience participation one to get the 鈥淚deal Couple鈥?鈥?funny but cheesy. The other one was the Michael Jackson show 鈥?Foot work was awesome!! The song selection could be better but the movement was like watch the real deal.Each Thursday night is the Caraval Riu along Caribbean Street. They have bars set up along the street and have vendors in as well. The highlight is a quick parade up the street 鈥?gets the guests involved.ActivitiesThe Animation team had activities going on throughout the day and would even come down the to the beach to spot hotel guests and remind them of some of the events (such as the pool party). I didn鈥檛 partake in any but I did see them hold Stretching sessions, water volleyball, aqua-fitness and water polo to name a few.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>beachbumsAncaster
<Content>you get what you pay for!       sitting area in room  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>justhutchinson
<Content>Perfect holiday Just returned from 2 weeks holiday. The food choice was amazing and the staff couldn't do enough for you. Even though we had to change our room after the first night this didn't stop us having a brilliant time. My tip would to make sure your room is facing the pool and as lower a floor as possible. The evening entertainment is well organised and even though we were there for 2 weeks it wasn't repeated in the second week. The entertainment team are good with many activities to choose from.As the hotel is part of a group of 5 hotels you have a choice of where to sit during the day in 3 of them (the 2 palace hotels are excluded). The pool at the Riu Naiboa is larger than the other hotels, maybe as the hotel is not directly on the beach, but you only have to walk a maximum of 5 minutes to be on the beach. Expect to be in the minority if you are English as this is very popular with the French. The English tend to go to the other Riu hotels on the complex.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>unionjack0
<Content>Good resort, tired rooms. We just returned from a one week stay at the Riu Naiboa. We stayed with my extended family as a party of 6 with 3 rooms. My main advice for anyone considering the Riu Naiboa is just know what you're getting. Some travel sites and Riu itself list this as a 4 star resort. It isn't. The Naiboa is an older property that is getting a bit threadbare. Not that you shouldn't consider it, but know what you're getting. I'll give the bottom line now: This resort is a good value for the price, but the rooms are in need of updating so expect some problems. The food is good, the pool and beaches are great.The shining star of the stay was the resort staff! From the front desk to the bar and wait staff, everyone was friendly, smiling, and willing to do what it takes to make the vacation a great one. Now the details:Rooms - When we checked in, our first room had a bathroom ceiling that was nearly caving in, a cracked tub, a patio door with no lock whatsoever, and even though we requested (and the front desk staff stated we had) a non smoking room, it reeked of smoke. We politely asked if we could change rooms, but the resort was full that night, so the very helpful manager assured us we would have a new room the next day and true to his word, we did.Sadly, this room was better, but not much better. At least it didn't reek of smoke (a major issue for me, I have allergies), but it had a thermostat that was literally missing, with nothing but exposed wires where it should have been. Honest, I have a picture of it. The ceiling fan and the bathroom light were on all the time regardless of the position of the light switch, and the linens were terribly worn. In addition, all of our party and 5 or 6 other parties we talked to had the same issues with their rooms:- Little or no air conditioning. - The beds and pillows are rock hard.- Each room seemed to have 5 or 6 maintenance issues. TVs not working, cracks/holes in walls, missing lamp shades with bare bulbs, missing tiles, leaking plumbing, etc, etcBottom line is the rooms are tired and need updating. Nuff said.But this is a beach resort, so how was it outside the rooms? Great!Pool/Beach - The Naiboa has the best pool and best bar of the whole Riu complex! And people actually stay at the better Riu resorts, but use the pool and bar at the Naiboa every day. We met 4 parties that admitted to this because the pool is larger and the outdoor terrace/bar is fan-freaking-tastic.The beach was great, but stake out your spot early every morning. It gets crowded. If you're interested in snorkeling, there is a reef just outside of the swim area. email me if you want details. Food/Drink - The food was good, I'd say it was on par with what I expected. One major issue: The resort advertises an Italian restaurant in addition to the buffet restaurant. What they don't tell you is that this Italian restaurant is shared with another Riu resort. You must make reservations to eat at the Italian place and they start taking reservations every morning at 7 AM! Each resort gets 12 of the 24 tables, so the place is booked solid by 7:20 every day. Starting to take reservations at 7:00 AM is just plain stupid and I've criticized other Riu resorts we've stayed at for adhering to this ridiculous practice. Who wants to drag themselves out of bed at 7:00 AM while they're on vacation? Bottom line is the vast majority of guests will only eat at the buffet. But that's not the end of the world. The buffet was good. I've had better, but I've certainly had much worse and, again, at much more expensive resorts than this. Atmosphere/People - I really enjoy the different nationalities and Americans were definitely in the minority here. Not that that's a bad thing, if I wanted to hang out with Americans I'd stay home. Don't be afraid to engage your fellow travelers in conversation. A couple of things to be aware of. Parents should understand that some European women will be topless at the beach and pool. Also, the resort staff will serve alcohol to anyone who looks to be roughly 18 give or take a few years if you know what I mean. Just so you know and plan accordingly.The resort seems to be popular with Canadian bachelor party groups. Two groups in particular became very drunk and repeatedly engaged in lewd behavior with female members of their groups. Other people complained to the staff, and again to the staff's credit, they put a stop to it. If you see inappropriate behavior, complain and the staff will take care of it.Overall, I'd rate the Naiboa a 6 out of 10. I would say it's a good value for families and those on a budget. Just don't expect 4 star quality and flawless rooms.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	4	5	1	

<Author>Wutan
<Content>Riu Naiboa was OK Just got back from Riu Naiboa and had 7 fabulous days of sunshine. The beach itself was terrific with white powdered sand. Most of the staff was quite friendly and went out of their way to make you feel at home. The pool was cleaned every day and my kids had a great time in it. The rooms were clean and comfortable but not luxurious. A good number of TV channels were available. The majority of the guests staying there were European ( Spanish, French, German ) and came in couples or with families and friends. Even though there are some language differences , a smile or hello usually brings back a similar response.There were a few minor drawbacks such as having only one of two paddleboats, kayaks etc. for the many hundreds of guests. You had to reserve a day or two in advance to have use of their equipment and even then they may not be available. One night a group of 8 or 9 American teenagers checked in and started screaming profanities from their balconies, slamming their doors and running down the hallways until 5 a.m. One of them tried to break into our room. Security was called but they should have been aware that this group was causing a huge ruckus as soon as they checked in. It is a family resort and a Riu after all.The entertainment was so so. The Michael Jackson show is not to be missed. If you go make sure you ask for a room facing the pool. The rooms facing the back are quite outdated. I'd rate this hotel a 3 star but certainly not a 4 star. We got this package at a discounted last minute deal.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Love_IslandGirl
<Content>Neutral on the Naiboa One of my college girlfriends invited us to her wedding in Punta Cana in December 2007. We stayed at the Naiboa and it was nice. Not spectucular, but far from disappointing. Our group of 15 came from Chicago. The staff was very helpful and greeted us with tropical drinks and lots of energy upon arrival.Had it not been for the language barrier, I'm sure it would have been great to get to know the hotel employees. I would have loved to learn more about their lives on the island. As an island native of the US Virgin Islands, I'm sure it was nothing like the tourist trap, albeit beutiful, we shared.The beach was amazing at eighty five degrees in December, I was beyond dissapointed to return home to fifteen degrees and snow in Chicago.I'm not sure about the liquor at the Naiboa and at the bars. The group I came with was filled with twenty and thirty something people ( I was the only non drinker) and my friends never seemed drunk even after knocking back three to five Tequila double shots. No one in the bar seemed drunk, they just sat there a little too mild. We had fun at the nightclub where the waitstaff and dancers came to have a good time after a long day of work. It was fun to see them dancing to local dominican music and we even got the dj to play a few hip hop songs to commemorate our friend's wedding night. The wedding on the beach was beautiful. There was a five minute walk from the Naiboa to the beach, but I didn't mind. After eating at the lukewarm buffet, the walk felt necessary. Lounging on the beach was great with our group.My only complaint was that the bed felt a little on the hard side and the Europeans weren't the friendliest bunch. I thought people in Chicago were bad, but there's nothing like seeing the same people in the hotel everyday and not getting a hello. I know there is a language barrier, but a smile is a universal language.I wasn't impressed by the food, although the red beans and rice was great. The desserts were dissappointing, which was surprising. I never knew there was such a thing as a bad desert. Overall it was a nice vacation, although I would probably not stay at the resort again. A great Dominican restaurant would have added some authenticity instead of the Italian restaurant.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>OntarioTropical_girl
<Content>Pool was great! Just wanted to say that we got back yesterday, and the staff was really friendly but they don't speak or understand very much English.and before i go on about this hotel, please keep in mind that this is the first time that i have ever had anything to say about any resort that i have ever stayed at.First day we got there and our room was leaking, the t.v didn't work  the bed's were very old and hard.we called to the front desk because we ran out of water and pepsi in our room(after 3 days of being there) and they told us that they don't have any left what the heck?!i needed to call our rep for Sunquest so i went to the front desk and the guy told me to go and use the phone in our room...i wasn't i'mpressed with that comment.we also went to the disco and we just walked in and some guy(local) walked up to us trying to sell cocaine  alot more different drugs as well,...please keep this in mind if you are bringing teenagers with you! just keep in mind this isn't a 5 * to me it wasn't a 4* either...if you want to stay at any of the Riu's all the other one's looked great especially RIU PALACE the beach is amazing!! a little walk from the Naiboa but that wasn't a bad thing.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>michiganteacher06
<Content>We're going back!       Shops that line the walkway to the beach  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jt_money
<Content>Great Place, Great Food, Great People Ola...We just got back a week ago and we still can't stop talking about it. Riu Naiboa Staff was amazing; they were always there to help. When we checked in, we were not too happy with our view, the next day we got Pool Side view. The food was pretty good, the Mexican night was really well done. Our waiter was off the hook. Every night at dinner he would bring us 4 beers and at the end of the meal bring us 4 espressos and we only asked him the first night to do this, but he made sure we had them every night. Entertainment...all I have to say La Roca is the man. Make sure to check out the Michael Jackson show...We had access to the other RIU resorts as well and we received the same great treatment at each one. We didn't spend too much time in the pool; most of the time was spent at the beach...Front desk was great, maid staff was really nice, I'd defiantly go back!!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Naiboa
<Content>Dont stall just book it............ Its been awhile since we were there but i found this site and thought I would write a few lines. My wife and I took our first all-inclusive vacation to this hotel-resort and it was 100% wonderful. Althought it is rated a 4star hotel I consider it a 10 star. It had everything a hotel can offer service, food, rooms, ete.It is in a complex of RIU Resorts and not right on the beach..this was no big deal as it was a great walk down a cool little street and without making any stops you can be on the beach in 2minutes from your room. The entertainment, the staff, all excellent, the drinks awesome, likely the friendliest people on earth work at this resort. The beach is the very best I have ever seen spanning for miles, didnt find ANY garbage on the beach, was not bothered by venders at all, it was just a relaxing most wonderful vacation. Since we stayed at the Naiboa we have now stayed at the RIU Yucatan in Mexico, Palace in Cabo and will continue to give our business to RIU Resorts. We have never been disapointed in the least.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JNPK
<Content>Had a great time! My husband and I went November 22-26, 2007 for our anniversary. It was a great experience. As others have said, you get what you pay for. But hey, where else can you go that allows you to use the other ammenities and is all inclusive for $93.00/night? You have 2 other hotels that you can access. The Bambu was the best. The food was great there, the people were extremey nice there. The Tainu was great too. We had dinner at all three hotels. The Bambu has open seating from 6:30-10. You just cannot sit at the tables with the wine (they are reserved). They have a great show at night. If you play games during the day and you win, they have a show at night where they give you a certificate and a prize of some sort. The Naiboa had lots of activities throughout the day. My only problem was the language barrier. They claim they speak english, but very little. The other hotels have better english skills. It was a great hotel. Yes, I had to borrow a blow dryer and iron, but if you have a 2 prong 110 volt item, it will work there. The moldy smell that other people were talking about is the water! It has a distinctive smell which one would think it was mold. The rooms were quaint. But like I said, you get what you pay for. Bedding could be improved, but it was just a place to rest my eyes for the night! They have a nice street fair kinda...there are lots of shops up and down that take you to the beach and then onto the other hotels. They are very friendly and overall it was a great experience!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrARF9
<Content>Great value       Sunset  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>debramoore
<Content>4 star Debatable Nice resort, not sure our family likes being so contained. we travelled as a party of 12 age range from 5 to 51 did cater for all of us. We have 3 daughters and i found the comments made in spanish about what they would like to do with them quite rude(we speak spanish) then to top it all my husband and 2 teenage sons were offered sex for a 100 dollars by a female who happened to be staying in ur hotel (prostitution is quite rife in this resort as are drugs which are sold freely in the Pacha Disco so be cautious if you have teenagers)The food was great my only issue being is when it rained we had still to walk to the pool bar for a coffee ( and oh boy does it rain)entertainment was reasonable but the venue was dirty and smelly, the rooms are past there sell by date continnually had to call for repairs etc. I would definately not return but in hindsight maybe i should have researched a little more. Booking a table for Italian is a waste of time, Beach is beautiful  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>2	5	1	1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Smokers
<Content>Great Resort poor hotel Nice resort but hotel old and not so good had a good time and staff friendly and do their best for you but there is defenetly a problem.Better to stay at other hotels in the group if you speak english as most of this hotel entertainement etc done in Spanish and a little poor.Hard to fathom what the helll is going on in the shows.They tend to cater for their own peopleand forget if you spaek english and little Spanish gets a bit boring.Had a good time mind but evenings not a lot of choice as you are stuck for choice.Hotel i would say poor food poor very little choice but if you book the other special nights Italian steak resturants etc its ok but places limited.Bit like being stuck in a Spanish hotel with no choice of meals same every day and night.Meatballs Pork and Pitza god it gets boring.Location fantastic bars good but again indoors trips graet (GLAD TO GET OUT) Go speedboating monster truck really good see the locals loved it but to be honest enjoyed the holiday but would not stay here again a week would be good two weeks same old thing.Going to try Miami next time as you need to be able to get out and about as complex very restricted but if you want to spand two weeks in the same compond its ok just not for us.Think this is a fair reflection on a very old tired hotel would be just as good in Spain in fact thought a few times we were there.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	5	5	5	

<Author>jamesclan
<Content>Fab Time At The Rui Naiboa We have just returned from 2 weeks at the Riu Naiboa, we had a great time. All the staff were friendly polite and very helpful especialy Fabio Mota (Cohiba) and Alexander (Bolero), entertainment team fab special mention for Salami,La Foca and Mandela. As week as eating in our hotel we also ate at the italian twice and the Macao steak house (just book at breakfast for the same evening). We really enjoyed our stay and will definatley use the Rui Naiboa again.Thankyou to everyone who helped to make our holiday one to remember.XXXX  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mmcmill924
<Content>Good Value We recently stayed at the RIU Naiboa and although we had a wonderful time and the beach and pool areas were beautiful, we were a little disappointed with the quality of the hotel itself. The room size was OK, but the beds appear old and hard, just a thin sheet over the mattress, no padding and hard and flat pillows. And there was a musky smell, like from wet linens, towels, noticed this with some of the pool towels also. I couldn't get anything accomplished by calling the front desk, needed to go down in person, part may be language barrier as I was one of few English speaking persons (mostly Hispanic and Europeans). They were always very nice though. You need to bring your own washcloths as they did not have any in the hotel at all, expect you to wash with hand towels and hairdryers are not in the room. The food was just OK. There was plenty of it, the quality was just not what I am used to. The reason I chose the RIU Resorts over some others was the impression that I could reserve seating for dinner at any of the restaurants within the RIU Resort, which I quickly found this was not true. You are definitely steered to the Buffet at our resort and they only offered by first come basis to Italian Rest which offered little selection and quality was not there. Maitrede finally arranged us dinner at Steak Rest at Palace for special occasion, which again was OK. Breakfast was always the best and they did have burgers, pizza at pool/beach snack bars. Drinks were flowing as fast as you want, but only expect their home brew. Water sports were great! Be sure to get your beach towels at the pool located at the hotel, because the closer hotel to beach will not give you their towels, although part of RIU Resort. As the resort is so large, there is a good but pleasant walk to beach down Carribean street. Overall, we loved our vacation, and hardly stayed in the room, but would probably choose another resort next time. But is definitely was a good value for the money.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mcflybabe91
<Content>the best time of my life       me and eddie murphy  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lizzyswker
<Content>Punta Cana Riu Not What you think       Beach  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honeymooner9999
<Content>wonderful ocean Its like heaven the heat the sun the sand but not without its problems. We are a honeymoon couple who wanted the perfect time to round up a perfect wedding instead we were a bit disappointed. On the surface it looks like a very nice hotel what you would expect of thr Riu chain however there were alot of problems to our stay. First the air con in the complex is Very Very old we had to change rooms 4 times because it just didn't work (don't ask for high floor rooms as 4 floor and 3 floor are the worsed)Im not saying we didn't enjoy the stay at this hotel i must admit it has the best pool of all in the complex of Riu hotels it was the quiet one of the lot so if your wanting to relax and enjoy peace and quiet this is the one for you.Food was really good lots of choice and different things. the waiters can't do anough to help you, they remember your drinks and are very polite. If you can tip do cause it is very much appriciated by the staff.The beach is beautiful everything you can imagine and lovely to walk on, just a little hint if you don't like being contantly asked to do this water sporting things stay off the beach they are constantly asking to get there commission and they don't let up easily.The entertainment is on very late in the evening starting at 10.30+ which was a bit late for us and not at all worth the effort of going to see.If you are looking for a good value for money holiday with a beautiful area then this is a wonderful place to come for both lively and relaxing holidays unfortunately we did get very unlucky with our rooms and weren't happy with entertainment but we made it into a brilliant holiday dispite the problems best being armed with all the knowledge i would definately recommend this holiday to anyone but you need to know pros and cons of all the places you go to not everywhere is perfect weather was good but a bit in the air at times mind you think that is all over the world at the mo.i hope this helps people its honest and fair  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pickles1Canada
<Content>Riu run Around I booked this vacation through I travel as the riu riullette which basically means you can end up at any one of the rius when you get there so you are taking a chance. But since the riu's are all pretty well up to standards and we had researched riu Naiboa which was basically the lower of al them I was ok with it. We took a chance. Basically we and a few other couples were transported with our luggages from Orginally Riu Naiboa all the way to to the Riu Palace each time the front desk sending us away to another Riu It was an absolute mess which took a few hours of our vacation time not to mention that we soaking wet from the heat and frustrated. As far as the hotel goes I would not go back . You have to walk down the Caribbean street to get to the beach so if you are hot and just want to got to your room for whatever reason you have this long walk ahead of you which can be nice in the morning and in the evening but thats it. Food was Ok and the ertainment was fine and at leas it was covered and air condtitioned tthe entertainment crew were pretty funny and the rooms were basic.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Arciew
<Content>Loved it! The customer service is what makes this hotel wonderful! The rooms aren't the best (no appliances, small beds, AC not ice cold but cold enough), but where do you spend most of your vacation, in or out of the room? The receptionists are great at what they do, the dining staff make a memorable meal experience, and everyone in general is friendly and helpful. There isn't a big variety of family activities unfortunately, just the hotel lounge events and resort disco, in addition to the day activities. You have access to three other Riu resorts, so you're getting the max bang for your buck. The beach and pools are beautiful and the food is delicious and authentic (even their spaghetti and hamburgers tastes Latin!) If you're looking for a simple but beautiful and friendly experience, naiboa is the way to go.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>theniteishot
<Content>Not good for the kids The hotel is OK, very slow elevators with no a/c in them. The service was good and the animators are excellent. However they didn't have kids club, just a mini disco at night for 20 minutes. The performance stage (for mini disco and night shows) is in enclosed room, not open air. With majority people smoking it's hard to breath there. Also, I though the property, including beach and pools areas dirtier than other Punta Cana Resorts we have been to.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pat1888
<Content>Fantastic Resort and beach       Happy Holidays  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TayTay56
<Content>Great,Loved This Resort/Hotel Ok it was almost two years ago, but I have to write this review. I have to be honest I have never written a review only read them. I took my now fiance to this resort for a suprise birthday gift, I must say i was quite skeptical at first but once we arrived I fell in love with this resort. The staff was very helpful, our rooms were great and entertainment was fantastic. I must say that anything you requested as far as irons, towels etc, was brought to you right away. People were very friendly. I must admit that some of the female entertainers were a little over friendly, if you know what I mean. Overall our stay was great it was a short stay only 4 days 3 nights but we enjoyed our stay, and especially the party boat excursion. We are looking forward to returning to this resort soon. Great for the price..Great for family or for a Peace Of Mind!!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sambucaro
<Content>Disgusting Mold in our room, in the shower, broken phone, the bed had dirty sheets. It smelled. The pool wasn't half as nice as the pics. Book the Taino or Bambu instead. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	2	1	5	3	3	

<Author>nickiwms
<Content>Great Place- Great Staff       pool  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>docbethy
<Content>Great resort, especially for the price! Ok, so i know it has been 2 years since i stayed there, but it was so inexpensive and we loved it. The reason this Riu is inexpensive is because you have to walk down the streen of shops to get to the beach which is probably about 2 city blocks...so worth it. Even if you stay at the Palace on their resort, you have to walk at least one block through the pools and kids center to get to the beach. Very quiet, clean rooms. Lush gardens. The food is what you make of it....the steakhouse which was the bar during the day was not impressive, but edible. I actually preferred the buffets....so much variety every night. I was raised in a sicilian household and I am used to cooking dinner every night (homemade) so I can be very picky at times. We never got sick from having ice in our drinks and I drank frozen drinks allllll day! :-)  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JulieV
<Content>all-inclusive isn't what they stated The Riu Naiboa is definitely not a high-class hotel. But it does have what we needed--clean, quiet, balcony and a beautiful beach--a short walk away. Beds--were indeed hard, but I still slept like a baby. One night there were noisy people next door. The ret of the week we didn't hear a soul even though it was a busy week.Room--Did have a musty odor. Even the sheets smelled musty. Bathtub floor was permanently scratched, but water was always hot. Our hair drayers didn't work in their outlets, but we were able to check out a dryer from the front desk for a short period of time each day. Room was thoroughly cleaned each day. Maids were very thorough and pleasant. Could use new bedding to upgrade the place. Fixtures were definitely dated. Balcony--was nice to have, but were not able to see the beach. The rooms the Taino and Bambu could have been almost as far back from the ocean as ours. Could not hear the waves from our room and did miss that!Pool--Needed painting, but was clean. Played the music way too loud all day except during siesta which was 12-3. WE were able to find chairs and didn't have to go through the hassle of reserving chairs. That part was great. Plenty of chairs near the ocean, too. We used the smaller pool at the Taino every day and could also sit near the ocean. The music was quieter and no kids most days!Pool Bar--a short walk. If you want alcohol in your drinks make sure that you ask for it; otherwise, you just get the mix!!! Great way to stay sober!!!Food--Buffet was ok. We did get a little sick of it, but they did try to change a few things. We were told that we could use the facilities at the other two hotels (Taino and Bambu--not the palaces). When we tried to reserve at the Steakhouse, we were told that people from Naibo couldn't use their buffet (Taino or Bambu) or other restaurants for dinner. From then on when we tried to make reservations, we just gave them the room number and didn't mention that we were from the Naiboa. It worked great. So don't let them give you a line of bunk. Waiters could have offered water more often, but overall they were very nice. They did a nice job of trying to garnish the food. Breakfast was the same every day. You could do lunch at the buffets or the snack bars near the pools. The pool snack bars had a more limited menu, but we found the convenience nice. Entertainment--Most of the stuff by the pools was totally annoying. I was thrilled not to see the drinking contests that we had at our pool in Ixtapa! It would have been much nicer if they had just turned the volume down. People from the Taino were complaining about the noise at the Naiboa!!!! We watched just a few shows and weren't that thrilled. Maybe we should have watched more.Medical--Another coupld had a child with an ear infection and went to the clinic on Caribbean Street. $90 and then they wnted to transport her to the hospital to check to see if her ear drum had perforated. The bill was over $700!!!! They thought people were nice, but the price was high. OH, well. It could have been worse. Nobody that we spoke with got sick! Even though it rained several days, we stil had a nice time. We sat near the ocean more and just relaxed. The beaches were wonderful, fook was ok and the people were nice. A lot of people from Germany. US citizens were a smaller number. Would go back again, but not necessarily this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gabbi-7
<Content>Great animation team and front desk! MARCH 24 TO APRIL 1FROM: MIAMI,FLAFamily trip with daughter and grandaughter. Very well keptgrounds. The rooms are clean but are in need of upgrade,the elevators also need upgrade. Very special thanks to the Animation Team: Salami,Mandela,Maximo,Eddie Murphy,Sonia,Kenia.They are all great hard working people and made are trip fun!To the PICKY EATERS PLEASE GIVE ME A BREAK!!We even had Caviar both red and black! Please give tips! They deserved it!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>SueNovaScotia
<Content>Sue  We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks, 6 of us went together and 2 stayed for 1 week and 4 stayed for the the 2 week period,. My husband and I had to switch rooms as the first one was una cceptable, but Thanks to Pasquel, at reception, this was not a problem. Food at this resort was great, I take my own butter, coffee whitewner and cheese, because I'm really fussy but at this resort, no one will ever go hungry! As far as the dinner settings go, we had the same table and waiter every night and it was super. Jovanni had or table decorated every night and our wine was always on the table, We had access to other resrts on the property and used them for the swim up bars, buffets, etc. All were good,especially Bambu swim up bar. I have to say our own animation staff made our stay and made us want to spend most of our time on our own resort. Kenia, Mandella, Eddie Murphy, Maximo, Sonia, You are all AWESOME!!!! Salami is their boss but he only came the last few days of our stay but we still enjoyed him too. If you would like any further info on this resort please feel free to email me at wrights1@ns.sympatico.ca  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DomincanFriend
<Content>Mixed bag...       beach scene  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>crankybait
<Content>keep looking..we think We returned yesterday after a week at the Naiboa..We have been to the Dominican 4 times now..3 to Punta Cana, and one to Puerta Plata. We actually stayed at the Riu in 2001..at the Maloa..which is now part of the Taino..We were a bit disappointed this time..there was only one sign up restaurant option..the Italian..which was where we ate the last two nights cuz we had had enough of the buffet..the main buffet --which is the only place you can have dinner is decent -and you will find something you like..you will just tire of it by the 3rd night...lunch is VERY basic..try to be there right when they put it out, and it tastes better...just once--go to Captain Cooks for lunch or dinner..lunch they take you by boat..(15 minutes)..dinner they send a taxi..it is very good if you like seafood..main thing is it is different..if you go at lunch, you can also shop..decent prices..I think the whole thing cost 50 bucks including cab or boat ride. The beach is why we keep going back..perfect white sand..blue water...shade is hard to come by at this resort...last year we stayed at the Iberostar right next to the Riu complex, and they have little huts if you reserve them early..Riu did not have much for shade..but plenty of chairs as long as you get to the beach by 11am..don't worry about the walk it really is close enough...If you do not expect perfect, you will be fine..the beds really do suck, but enough rum and sun and you should get 6 decent hours of sleep!! get over to the Taino for the evening entertainment..we wasted the first 3 nights watching the entertainment at the Naiboa..pretty lame..Taino was much better and a lot more people..Taino pool is also the best overall pool..get there early for chairs..otherwise the naiboa pool is also very nice, just a bit too far from the rum...LOTS of Europeans, not much english..fine with me..if you need something, staff know enough english or will find a staff that does to help you out...my brother spent 3 hours drinking with an older German man..neither of them knew what the other was saying and somehow they appeared to have a blast...I enjoy watching other styles of life..don't complain I say --remember you are there for the sun!! It is snowing now here..I wish I was there..2 to 3 stars..check the Iberostar..absolutely beautiful property..stunning gardens/flowers/wildlife..not so much at the Riu property.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tantor10
<Content>Good Price...only slightly regretting it now. I'm going to try to be as objective as possible here. FYI, I am not accustomed to expensive resorts and luxury living. This is about it meeting my middle class expectations. 1. Rooms - Beds were hard as rocks and terrible...but I can sleep on pretty much anything. Room was clean, carpet old (who cares?), TV fine, balcony was great, mini-bar was good, like most places, you get your own in-room alcohol dispensers. The maid did a great job. We tipped about $2-3 per day. Nice little towel sculptures, if that's a sign of luxury. Bathrooms were big and clean.2. Food - The first day we were really impressed, our opinions fell lower and lower as the week went on. The breakfest buffet is perfect. You get pretty much every option available. Plus you can eat outside and enjoy the morning. (We had perfect weather the whole time). The lunch is probably the worst meal of the day and you will get sick the death of it in two days - hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza (and I thought it was impossible to make bad pizza), salad, pasta, and rice. At least the fruit was always fresh and there was plenty of it. Passion fruits were a new discovery of mine...they are incredible fresh. LUNCH IS THE SAME AT ALL RIU HOTELS THAT YOU CAN GET INTO AS A GUEST AT NAIBOA. The lunch is just very low quality. For the price you are paying, you should EXPECT the hotel to skimp on quality whereever they can. Dinner is not bad, but I've had much better at other Caribbean resorts. It's big and there are a lot of choices (you can tolerate this for the whole trip, but everything will taste the same by the end), no meat or seafood carving stations like nicer resorts, no made-by-order pasta, or any of these ammenities. But there are a few fish dishes, huge salad/fruit selection, a handful of chicken and meat dishes (edible..but nothing here will blow your socks off). The Italian restaurant is a joke. There are like 5 menu items and you can get nearly every one of them on the buffet every night. It's not romantic, absolutely nothing special or extra from the buffet. But, if you are like me, you'll have to try it, just know that nearly everyone tries it once, but seriously, only once. 3. Pool - The pool is large, but it has no pool bar and is not near the beach. You'll want to go to the pools by the beach (About a 5 minute walk). The pools of the Riu Tainu are better (and close by). 4. Beach - Again a 5-7 minute walk. Perfect, white sand, drinking rum out of coconuts, water activities, could always find a chair, etc etc....everything you need or want basically. 5. Carbbean Street - this will be cute on first impression and then incredibly lame by the end. It is RIU's effort to let you pretend you are not completely isolated from Dominican culture (which you are). Super overpriced. I mean a bag of Dominican coffee (which was amazing), cost like $7...you could get almost everything on this street cheaper in your home country, I don't care if you live in Toyko. 6. Tours - Didn't do any tours, and this was a MISTAKE. You are isolated at the whole guarded, yes guarded, RIU complex. Take the opportunity to go do the island thing or to Santa Domingo. We regret not doing it. 7. Entertainment - They give an effort (and we didn't check out the other hotels), but it's mostly lame and boring. They did a small game show thingy, had a singer one night, that's about all we saw. We hung out on the beach or just sat in one of the bars drinking. Speaking of which...8. Booze - all you can drink of course. The pina coladas, daquaris, etc were weak and low quality (of course), enough of them will get your drunk however. Rum and Coke was the best bet. The beer is a super cheap Dominican beer -- not Presidente. You can tip the bartenders, which we did most the time, but honestly, I saw NO difference. They smile and say thank you (in Spanish, the only language they speak), but nothing more. I'd tip here and there, or if you just want to do some goodwill towards an impoverished people...just don't expect anything. I saw a dozen guests walk up and tip like 20 bucks...they got the same exact drinks with the same amount of alcohol. Plus it's very likely you won't be seeing the same bartender multiple times, so don't expect to be someone's favorite. 9. Access to other RIU. You don't have access to the two palace hotels, but the other RIU's are fair game, EXCEPT for dinner. You have to eat dinner at your own hotel. There really isn't much to do in those hotels that you can't do in your own...maybe some other nighttime entertainment, I don't know. Use their pools as they are more enjoyable. You will get some seclusion at the Naiboa pool though. 10. 90% of guests are European. This place caters heavily to Spanish, German, and French. Not that it makes a difference, but just so you know. Beach was mostly topless...that goes for men too :)Overview: Good place for the price, food will get old real quick, the crowd is all ages, but for the most part probably over 30. My final comment is that I think they are better places for your money. Just spending a little more (maybe $100 total per person) and you can get a lot more. But if you're going for the cheapest trip possible no matter what, you won't really be disappointed with this place.BTW: You may feel a bit like you are exploiting the Dominicans there, but they are exploiting you. My example: A Wendy's hamburger and french fry at the airport is $8....that's not a typo...8 bucks!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>brunkf2004
<Content>My Riu Naiboa Experience I just have to say that the first day I arrived at Riu Naiboa, My wife and I were a little overwhelmed about the dinner table set ups, and the towel rules for the pool, and the resevations before the theme dinner. But on the second day we sat down with our event coodinator Manuel great guy, he gave us good tips how the system works and how to have fun and save money in the same time. We booked 3 excursions, we did the Safari which it was great, because it took us to the real village of Dominican Republic and local shops and the meal was included with this all day event, 2nd excursion was the speed boat with snorkeling, that was pretty cool too and we had a great time, took picturers feeding the fishes, the boat was an excellent experience you actually drive the boat by yourself I got lost for 1/2 hour. The 3rd excursion was the Quad adventures that was really cool, you get to see different beach, and local village and different local shops selling handcrafts. The staff in the Hotel was very nice including Cesar and Alex were great. These two guys seemed to be always happy and in a good mood all the time. The beach was like a 5 minutes walk from the Hotel, but it did'nt bother me, I also visited the other hotels and I have to say that I liked the Naiboa better. The food was great plenty of food to eat the dessert was okay. the breakefast was great everything you can imagine it's their. The best part of the is the top less beach. That was great !! not used to it. The hotel has its own animation group, they were really fun. Inside the hotel they have a small auditiorium called the bolero everynight there was a different event. I definetly recommend couples and group of friends going to Riu Naiboa. The only thing I didnt like was the mattress in the room but after a couple days I got used to it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daisychar1
<Content>Great Price       snorkeling with sharks  sting rays catamaran  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>xxchrissy85xx
<Content>Ready to go back!!! My two friends  I spent a week (Jan 15-Jan22) at the Riu Naiboa Resort and absolutely loved it! At first we were a little worried that the room wouldn't be big enough for the three of us, but as we got used to it after the second day, it really wasn't a big deal considering we didn't spend too much time up there. When we first arrived, the staff at the front desk were very friendly and greeted us with a glass of juice while we waited for our room to be checked. After we got situated in, we decided to walk to the beach which was about a 5 minute walk down Carribean St. The walk to the beach wasn't a major issue.On the second day we booked two excursions; we went snorkeling with sharks  sting rays, and we went on a Jeep Safari. After booking those we decided to walk to the straw markets. If you don't like to walk long distances, I wouldn't recommend walking to the markets. It was probably about a 20-30 minute walk down the beach, and it really wasn't worth it. The food was excellent! The dessert wasn't great, didn't have much taste at all but it really didn't matter. Every night we would go to the shows they put on, which were great! The guys from the entertainment team were extremely friendly. Mandela, Maximo, Johnny Bravo  Eddie Murphy were always walking around making sure everything was okay, and during the day they were playing games by the pool. The pool was absolutely beautiful, as was the beach! We couldn't thank the staff enough for all they did! Some spoke very little english, but there was always someone around who could translate for them. I'm definately looking forward to going back. My friend  I have already decided we're going back for two weeks at the end of December. If you're looking to go on a nice, relaxing vacation, I'd recommend this hotel 100%!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bianca18
<Content>I love riu naiboa       me and sexy Johnny bravo, Mandela  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lovedRiuNaiboa
<Content>Best trip of our lives We just returned from the Riu Naiboa yesterday. It was the best trip ever. The pool was by far the best of all the Riu Resorts. If you like lots of things to do/participate in this is the place to go. Water and beach volleyball, soccer, and water polo, darts, horseshoes just to name a few. When we arrived the staff were very accomodating. Our room smelled a bit like mildew, but after speaking with the reception staff we were quickly moved to a nice room with a fully stocked bar and a great view. The food was excellent- with alot of variety. The ice-cream was very good as well- dispite what I have previously read from one other review. The entire Riu complex was very clean and beautiful. We visited the other 4 Riu complexes and loved ours the best. However it was the only resort that was not right on the beach. The beach was less than a five minute walk and was definitely worth it. Absolutely beautiful. White sand and crystal blue clear water. I must say, we have been to a few other islands- Antigua, San-Andres and Jamaica and they are all incredibly beautiful. What set this vacation apart from them are the people- especially the entertainment staff at our resort. Johnny Bravo, Maximo, Mandela, Eddie Murphy and Kenya. . They were always around to ensure you were having a wonderful time. Whether just to get you a drink or play cards. We saw some of the other Riu nightly entertainment but preferred our own. They always encouraged audience participation. I was impressed that by the 2-3 day most of the staff knew us by name. We even took some basic Spanish lessons offered by the staff. I would definitely rate our experience as 5/5. Couldn't ask for better. It was a great deal for the price. I have always said there are too many places in the world to visit to return to the same resort twice. After our experience I can't wait to return here again next year.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martin1978Birmingham
<Content>Fantastic Christmas        Alexander the Barman on NYE  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>joyner69
<Content>Entertainment was excellent       carribean sea  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shelly-canada
<Content>I love the RIU resorts just not this one as much We arrived at the Naiboa on November 1st and stayed until the 8th. This is not the first time we stayed at a Riu resort. We stayed at one in Cuba and in Puerto Plata. We love the resorts for the food, service and cleanliness. But out of the three of them this one is on the bottom of our list. The rooms- very basic BUT CLEAN, our air conditioning didn't work properly and our curtains didn't close so we asked at the front desk if someone could look into it. He said to wait in the room. Our flight was 4 1/2 hours late we were hungry and thirsty and the last thing we needed was to sit in a HOT hotel room we waited about 10 minutes and went to find some food. We were not welcomed like we are used to. Usually they have drinks waiting and explain where the food and bars are and take your luggage to your room. The next day we just asked for a new room and they gave us one at 2 in the afternoon the air conditioning ran full blast for a week and it never got cold in the room but it was comfortable with the fan. The rooms are basic but they are in need of upgrading if you want to still call it a 4 star hotel the marble and the tiles are chipped and cracked and the sink was also cracked (same as the first room) From talking to other people speaking English in this resort all the rooms have the same problems almost all the people moved rooms because of the air conditioning. I know I am going for the weather but I need to sleep in a comfortable temperature. The channel changer wouldn't work they sent someone up right away and he couldn't fix it he said someone would fix it the next day. We have our do not disturb sign up with the 3 hour time difference morning does come early for us. They phoned us at 9:30 a.m. and asked if we would let the repair man in since we had our sign up when I opened the door he was sitting in the hall way he fixed the channel changer and after that I had 3 follow up calls to make sure it was fine. To bad they didn't worry about there air conditioning as much but I did appreciate the service. The bar and the fridge are restocked every other day we left a note saying what we used and what we didn't and for the rest of the week it was done like we asked. There are no clocks in the room (so bring a travel one) especially if you are doing tours that start early. The elevator kept getting stuck and wouldn't let you out so we did stairs ( good exercise from all the delicious drinks and food we consumed we needed it) The pools are all great in the three resorts they have different levels of noise at different times of the day the one at the naiboa was more quiet until about 4 then it livened up. The Taino and the Bambu had swim up bars so they were always busy. The bottoms of the pools did need to be painted making them look dirty. Always lots of chairs.  The beaches were beautiful and so was the weather lots of chairs and lots of space. It really isn't a bad walk you could be staying at the Taino in the back complexes and be right next door to the Naiboa so paying the extra money doesn't actually mean your closer to the beaches. I loved walking down the Caribbean street and looking at all the different shops and paintings. The ocean isn't as clear as it is in Cuba I like being neck deep in water and still seeing my feet. There are not a lot of English speaking people so if that bothers you this whole resort isn't the place to be. The food and Drinks. I loved the food and drinks if people complain about repetition they are doing something wrong. We had steaks, caviar, shrimp, roast turkey, tons of different pastas and sauces tons of beautiful desserts and fruits. Breakfast you could have your omelettes made for you. The only thing that really bothered me was that when any of the resort workers found out you were from the Naiboa they seemed to treat you different. We had problems trying to get reservations to the a la carte restaurants the steak house and the Mediterranean it said in the brochure that these two were included but all that was was the Italian restaurant. We had to wait to see if they were filled for that night with the other resorts and if they weren't they would fit us in. We were told we could go anywhere during the day and eat and drink and swim but not the palaces. but at night we should stay in our resort and not leave the Naiboa property. We went and watched the other hotels entertainment and had drinks there and the snack bar and we had no problems but other people did and were questioned about why they were not at there resort.  The Bathrooms I know this sounds weird that people comment on bathrooms or restrooms but I had to this time. Toilet paper was rarely hung and the rolls were just sitting out the holders were either empty or just not filled. The soap was empty lots and I mean lots. When you have that many people going through them and then to a buffet line or getting ice for a drink it is a concern this was at all three resorts. When we were in the RIU in Puerto Plata each washroom had an attendant and when you were done they cleaned the toilet and made sure the bathroom was spotless and they offered hand sanitizer.  If I went back to this resort I think I would stay at the Taino I liked the idea of the four plex idea instead of a hotel. But I would stay at the Naiboa again if everything else was booked. You get the same ocean, beaches and pools as the five stars. It all depends on what you are going for.  Shelly Canada  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>travelwblondie
<Content>Hotel Ok-But problems?? Hello: Husband and I spent 9 days here at the RIU Resort. We checked into the Riu Naiboa and checked right out about an hour later and checked into the hotel IN FRONT of the Naiboa - the Riu Taino. The problem with this hotel is not the property, the price, the staff - the whole compound of RIU is fantastic but this hotel is the only one not located on the beach. It is far far far away - tucked way in the back of a jungle like property. If you are elderly, handicap, or do not like to walk or in good physical shape - this is not the hotel for you - yes the price is right - but you get what you pay for and you will not be happy here at all! This is a hard place for anyone with a handicap. My husband is walking on a cane as a result from a leg injury and this was just not going to work. The beach is a good 1/2 hour walk and it is hot outside. Very hard long walk. I was not impressed with the hotel. It is like a high rise you would find in Miami. Tiny pool with a lot of people crammed in. No swim up bar and no real space like the rest of the hotels on this compound. I know the reviews are good on this but if you are thinking of this place and you are bringing your grandparents or anyone elderly or with any type of handicap please do not book this hotel. It is not equiped for this. For a few more dollars book the Hotel Riu Taino which is in front of this hotel and right smack on the beach. The rooms are all like cottages/bungalows and much easier to get around. I hope this helps. Please email me if I can be of any assistance to anyone. Thank you and best of luck to all!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	1	4	1	4	4	

<Author>chkita
<Content>To long of a walk...not worth it       Me and my bf  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>freezerking
<Content>Punta Cana a hidden Jewel My wife and I stayed at the Naiboa from 10/07/06 til 10/14/06 and had a great time. We are from the United States and were definetly the minorities, and if you don't speak Spanish then you will have trouble communicating especially with most other tourists. The staff for the most part speaks very good english, and will help you at all times. They were great.  The hotel is not on the beach, but none of the Riu complex is really on the beach. They are seperated by their pools and beautiful landscaping and palm trees. Naiboa is a 5 minute walk down Caribbean street which is a cool walk. Caribbean Street is a row of shops, restraunts, and one club. The pool is the largest and very nice. I did prefer the pool at the Bamboo a little better just because it was deeper and had a swim up bar. The hotel itself is very nice, but you can tell it's the older building. They keep it spotless and very clean. You have television, and you have enough American channels to get you by. Our room, as did most, had a full bed and a twin bed. We were not offered any other chioces as far as beds. I know that the Palace had king beds. I suggest a decent tip to your maid and you will have no problems. Do it early in your stay. Tip something to your waiter also, and you will notice a difference. Men must wear pants at dinner, and women can dress nice, but not to formal. When you pack you should plan on being in your bathing suit all day and a casual outfit for dinner. You live in your bathing suit.  We did leave thre resort and go on a tour with VIP tours and it was the hightlight of the trip. We did the Safari that takes you into the country side and visits a cigar museum, sugar cane field, a local village and house where you see everyday life. I suggest you bring gifts for them such as coloring books, toys, etc, because these things are considered luxuries to them. It was capped off by a horseback ride on the beach and a BBQ. People were actually glad to see us and we felt safe the entire time. Nicole with VIP has an office at the Palace inside the resort, and our guide ws Amos who expalined everything well and had as much fun as we did. He was great. It's about an 8 hour trip. Finally, it's going to be hot. The humidity was near 100%. The reason you go is for the beach, and it's the best i've ever seen. Punta Cana is growing fast and they have resorts going up everywhere, so take advantage of the prices, and quaintness that is there now. Once the USA fiqures out how nice and affordable it is to get there the prices will have to go up. It's already been discovered by the Europeans and South Americans so go soon. The food is different and not as flavored as i'm used to, but you won't have any problems getting full. Punta Cana was a pleasant surprise with what is has to offer.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelsaavy
<Content>Great Value for the Money We booked this vacation through Apple Vacations. I would highly recommend booking through them, as they took very good care of us, and their package prices were very good. The Riu Naiboa is part of the 5 hotel Riu Complex, which is one of the nicest ones in Punta Cana. The other 4 hotels have a beach, but the Naiboa has the nicest pool, which is where we spent most our time anyway. The beach was the most beautiful that I have ever seen -- the Riu definately put some money into the planning and layout of it.The first room they gave us had a broken sliding door and smelt bad, but when we complained, they were very prompt in moving us to a lovely room overlooking the pool in perfect working order. The food looked very good, but was seasoned with something that I could not identify and that did not appeal much to our tastes, especially items with a tomato sauce. The ice cream sucked -- I have never had bad ice cream before in my life. The fruits, however, were delicious. The staff was very friendly, and the pool was wonderful. There were mainly Europeons there. My husband enjoyed descretely checking out the bare breasts at the pool and beach. I must admit that I was checking out the guys in the Speedos, but I think that some of them were cheating and were stuffing tube socks and bottles caps.All in all, we had a wonderful trip and will definately go back again. If we have the money, I would like to stay at the Riu Palace, but we would still use the pool at the Riu Naiboa.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KYUSA
<Content>Great Place! If you are from the US? We stayed at the Naiboa 8/23 - 8/27. Coming from the US I knew what to expect. I had been in the DR the year before. I made sure I had plenty of water and small bills for tipping. I also hit the ATM before leaving since there are none at the hotels or airport that could be found. Punta Cana is a beautiful place to fly into. Awesome airport and like I found in my last stay in the DR, welcoming locals. Punta Cana has a lot of construction going on. I am glad I did not rent a car. Coco Tours was excellent in getting us to the Naiboa. Last year I stayed at a Hilton near Juan Joilo Beach. The Riu was much more superior! The staff at check in was very energetic and we were warmly welcomed and given a tropical drink within 10 minutes. We did not get poolside rooms as I had hoped but it did not really matter. The rooms, like previous posts, were not the newest but were very clean. The odd single next to doulble bed layout is odd but I used it for clothes. The fridge was stocked every day and the dispensers were awesome! I only tipped my second day and the results were the same, exceptional. The only draw back to the room was the ac...they don't keep it on when vacant so it takes some time to cool the room down. Also, the electric pugs have a lip around them so I was not able to to charge my cell phone or Blackberry. Luckily, the front desk will charge them for you. One point: the hotel does have a mold problem. You can smell it when you walk into the main room where the shows are. The shows are fun and worth watching. The food was good. It caters to a Euro crowd. The breakfast was best. Neither of us ever got sick or had any problems outside of heatburn. I even used the water to brush my teeth and even drank some. The beach and pool were nice. I spent more time at the pool than anywhere else. You have to stake your claim, so get there before 10 am for a good spot. Both were very clean. The pool was the perfect temp. It closes at 7 which, to me, was very early. The only complaint I have about the trip, which was not really a problem, was the unfriendliness of the Euros. We are a mixed (white male and black female from the south). I think we were the only US citizens for several days until a single guy form NC showed up. We are very out going. However, most guests avoided us as soon as they realized where we were from. That was disappointing but we still had a great time and would go back any day!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jackmyboy
<Content>Nice, but there's better! My husband and I recently travelled to Punta Cana. Previously we stayed in Puerto Plata at the Jack Tar (years ago). We stayed for one week from August 5-12.Flight: Skyservice, I cringed when I heard we were flying Skyservice. Our trip to Cuba last year with them was horrible, the flight was delayed leaving Toronto and returning. They didn't have any blankets on the flight etc. Thankfully this year, we left Toronto on time and returned home on time.Hotel: At first I was excited to be staying at Naiboa, we were told it had been renovated in November. This was a complete lie, this is a very old hotel, almost like an apartment complex and we didn't see one trace of anything being renovated. We requested a king size bed. The first room was very small and dingy, I did not have a good feeling when I entered this room. The bed was small, a double at best. After a very uncomfortable first night, my husband and I asked to be moved to another room with two beds. We were taken care of that very same day. We faced the pool and had a room with one double and single bed. The room itself was very, very clean. We left the maid $2 each day on the pillow and this made a world of difference. Each day she would make flower arrangements, and leave pop and water in the fridge. All of our shoes were neatly lined against the wall. The only downside, if you want to sleep before dinner the DJ at the pool is extremely loud and goes on until well past 6pm. The water pressure was perfect and we never had one complaint about the new room.Food: The food was good, not great but you can't expect too much when you to Dominican or Cuba etc. Breakfast: fantastic, tons to choose from, everything from oatmeal, cereal, french toast, pancakes, croissants, bacon and eggs, yogurt, fresh fruit, smoothies, juice etc we looked forward to breakfast each day. It was very good. Depending on where you sit, most of the waiters brought coffee and tea to your table and always re-filled them for you. We always sat in Santos's section, he was a delight, so friendly and charming and seemed to speak many different languages.Lunch: It doesn't matter where you eat, the beach grills, the pool or at the resort restaurant itself the food is the same everywhere. We found this out when we decided one day to eat at the resort restaurant (where you have breakfast and dinner). After a 5 minute walk from the beach we found out the food was the same at each place. This was disappointing. You can expect the regulars, hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, salads, fruit, french fries, rice, sometimes they had different dishes with some fish etc.Dinner: Main restaurant was pretty good, by the end of the week it became repeatitive. They had a wide variety, pastas, rice, fish, chicken and steak. They also had some theme nights, one night was Mexican and it wasn't very good. I stuck to fish most of the week. The Pizza wasn't very good either, maybe the cheese they use? I tried to stay away from french fries and greasy foods as they cook with different oil etc and my stomach is very sensitive. Restaurants: There were two we could go too, steakhouse and I think the other was European. We didn't bother to go to either of them. We saw the menu at another hotel and decided we would stick with the buffet.Beach: I was not a fan of this beach, it was so crowded and noisy. By mid afternoon you had a ton of people all around you,. some trying to get some shade, others just looking for a space to relax. The water was clear Blue and beautiful, but constant waves. Not for people who want to walk out in the water and sit and relax. By far the best place for a nice breeze to cool you down, not only during the day but at night too.Pool - Not a pool person, it looked dirty and the water was warm, not refreshing. Very loud music and kids everywhere. No breeze up by the pool either, I don't know how people sat up there.Grounds: Overall quite nice, it was like a little village, with cobblestone streets and lamps. The path at the beach will take you all the way to RIU Punta Cana Palace, the newest hotel. It is very beautiful at night, the ocean on one side and the hotels on the other. All lined with street lamps. Each night after dinner my husband and I chose a different hotel to visit and would walk the grounds. This took about an hour each night, a great way to walk off dinner and give you something to do. There are two other hotels you can eat and drink at, I forget which ones, but the food is the same at each Riu resort so don't get your hopes up if you don't like the food at Naiboa. After seeing the other Riu's we agreed the Naiboa will either be torn down in years to come or completely redone. Naiboa is by far the oldest Riu hotel. The others, the Palace Macao, bambu, Punta Cana Palace are all breath-taking and I would have loved to stay at one of these places. Overall they are newer, and seem more clean.Overall the week vacation was good, but I wouldn't recommend the Naiboa to anyone, I would suggest one of the other Riu resorts. We took about $150 American in $1 bills, great for tipping. I know that it seems crazy to tip on top of the money you spent, but the tips mean so much to the resort employees and it helps get you better service, besides there really isn't much to buy once you are down there. They have vendors come to the resorts, you really have to bargain with these people. One night I asked how much for a silver bracelet, they guys said $70! I said forget and bargained with him. I got him down to $15.00. The next night I saw him again and bought 4 bracelets and a ring, he wanted to charge $70, but got him down to $35. Extreme Negative: Last day our flight was scheduled to leave at 9:30pm, we had to check out at noon. We were told courtesy rooms would be available. After our last day at the beach we asked for the courtesy room, you know what we were given?!!! Someone else's room! can you believe it, we entered to find man's clothing all over the place, toiletries in the bathroom, I mean this was someone else's room. I couldn't believe they just gave the key to us. I was very disturbed by this as this guy could have come back at any time. Perhaps they give you rooms of people who have gone a trip for the day, but for security reasons they shouldn't be doing this! I was floored and of course I wondered how many people used our room when we were at the beach. The Dominican is a great, cheap vacation, but after two visits I think I'm ready to go to Jamaica, which by the way is the absolute best place in the Caribbean! P  T. Carito, Ajax, ON  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jilledith
<Content>Don't let the 4 star rating fool you.... When we first arrived in Punta Cana, we were shuttled to the hotel Riu Naiboa via the Apple Tour van. The guy who spoke broken English was giving us the low down on the way to the hotel, but we were in the back of the van and couldn't hear what he said. It was stressed that we attend the Apple talk at 5 pm in our hotel lobby.At check in on Monday (9/4), we were happy that our room would be ready in 5 minutes. After waiting for the S-L-O-W elevators, we made it to the room where we were overpowered by the smell of mildew. After you got used to it, it wasn't as noticeable each time you entered the room. We dropped our bags and headed to the Apple talk. No Apple rep was there. We waited for 30 minutes and another tour man told us that the Apple person was at another hotel within the 5 resort complex, or that the Apple person would be at Naiboa on Tuesday.First night I thought I'd die because the beds were rock hard and the air conditioning worked when it wanted to work and even then it wasn't very cold.Hotel pool was nice, you could visit 2 of the other resorts and use their pools as well. We were told we had to eat dinner in our own hotel restaurant, which after the first night I discovered they never really had a change in menu items. It was the same (nasty) food everyday.We went back to meet the Apple representative on Tuesday and again they were not there. Finally on Wednesday we walked to the Palace (casino) and found the Apple rep who told us they are never situated in the Naiboa hotel. Very interesting that their own personnel do not know where the Apple rep is located!!! All the rep had to tell us was to make sure that we checked in with her the night before our departure to check to see when we would be picked up to go to the airport.Bottom line - the beach and pools are nice - the hotel staff is very friendly (when they understand what you are saying). The beds, the rooms and the food are not up to 4 star standards by what I've experienced in my many travels around the world!Book at your own risk!! My back is very upset with me for this vacation!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>UKplane
<Content>Fantastic Place. My Girlfriend and I went to Riu Naiboa in Punta Cana/ Bavaro on 17/08/2006 for two weeks. Having read some mixed reviews we were unsure of what to expect, but we need not have worried. The hotel itself was clean and smart, however if you expect five star luxury like you get in a top London hotel you will be disappointed. The people who work in the hotels are really friendly and welcoming, I鈥檝e been to many hotels across the world and the people in the Naiboa are far the friendliest. I can鈥檛 comment on other reviews but both my girlfriend and I felt really welcome as soon as we stepped off the coach.The people in the animation team work so hard and go out of their way to make sure you having a good time, but are also happy to let you be should you want to do nothing. Although neither my Girlfriend nor I got involved with any activities the animation staff always said hello to us. The room we had was on the 3rd floor over looking the pool. It was clean and tidy. We tipped the maids 100DP occasionally and everyday we had a heart or swan shaped towel left out for us. You do have to go get a hairdryer from reception as the rooms do not have any fitted, however we never found this a problem and we were always able to get one straight away. The buffet restaurant had a wide range of foods to eat, I am a fussy eater but I was able to eat something everyday and neither of us had any stomach problems. The steak restaurant which you have to book in advance was disappointing, however if you like you steak rare to medium then you will love it. The pool was fantastic, we were always able to get a sun bed regardless of when we got up and it was never too noisy unlike some hotels we鈥檝e been to. The real attraction for us was the beach, which is simply amazing. Miles of clear sea and white sandy beach鈥檚, it is a picture postcard location. Again you could easily get a sun bed, however shade is a slight problem as you have to use palm trees, however this does add to the romance of the place. Water sports are available on the beach as well, whilst you can use the beach bars and restaurants to get yourself a spot of lunch and drink. Every Thursday the Caribbean street gets turned into a carnival with dancing and cocktail bars, it is worth going to see and experience. Finally we went on three trips, Marinarium, Saona Island and helicopter views. All three and fantastic trips and well worth it. Both my girlfriend and I had a wonderful holiday and did not want to leave and go back to cold wet UK. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to go to Dominican Republic as it鈥檚 an amazing place.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DerekC
<Content>You get what you pay for We didn鈥檛 go to the Riu Naiboa expecting a 4 star hotel, but this place was just awful!! First of all the rooms smelled like mildew (we had to ask for a different room because the first one smelled so bad). Even when we got home and washed all our clothes we still could smell it. The rooms do not have irons or hairdryers in them鈥ou have to borrow them from the front desk. Most of the time when we asked for one, they told us to come back in an hour because other people have already borrowed them!The balcony door did not lock because it looks like it was broken into a few times from the outside鈥ike it wasn鈥檛 hard enough sleeping at night on the rock hard bed with rock hard pillows!! The phone and TV worked when they wanted to, and the power in the hotel went out many times during the week!! I recommend taking the stairs in the hotel rather than the elevator because they are ridiculously slow and hot, and if the power goes out you are in trouble.One night I had to take my girlfriend to the clinic because she got sick. They took her blood pressure and told her that she was dehydrated, and then they charged me $100 for the consultation!!! AND it took me asking three times for a glass of water before they gave her one!! (She finally got the water after I paid the fee)To top it all off, the people at the front desk ripped me off when I checked out. I specifically asked when I checked in how much it would be to make a phone call using a calling card I had brought with me. The guy told me $3 to connect and that鈥檚 it鈥ine. So why did I get a bill for $190 for the 5 phone calls I made? They told me it was because only 1-800 numbers are toll free, not 1-888 numbers!! Are these people for real?? I鈥檓 going to dispute it on my credit card, and won鈥檛 have to pay this, but come on now!!Bottom line is YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR鈥esson learned  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AndiHarrison
<Content>Loved the beach and hotel staff       The nurse sharks from Shark Excursion  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robinsons
<Content>What a wonderful place!! Went to the Riu Naiboa in early July 2006 for 2 weeks. myself and my husband took our 3 children who are aged 20, 18 and 8. There was something there to suit us all from watersports to dance lessons and even Spanish lessons. The animation team work so hard and you could do as little or as much as you liked.The food was amazing with something to suit everyone's taste even a fussy 8 year old!! We didn't rate the A-La-Carte restaurant much, we preferred the main one.You have the added bonus of using 4 other Riu hotels on the complex which is great. They only stipulate that you have your evening meal in your original hotel.The rooms are lovely, we were on the 4th floor facing the pool which was lovely. There is a mini bar in the room which is replenished every other day. The maids clean the room every day and leave swans and flowers out for decoration. We left her a tip most days as they get paid so little and work so hard.The evening entertainment suited our 8 year old down to the ground and if it wasn't for her we wouldn't have bothered as there were lots of quieter bars to go and have a drink in.The beach was amazing and only a 5 minute walk down the Caribean street. We liked the fact that the Naiboa was set back a little from the other hotels as this meant it was the quietest of them all.The poolwas fabulous so clean and we never had a problem getting a sun bed even if we were up late!We didn't do any excursions as we thought they were very expensive.I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing The hotel is very clean and well looked after, the staff make an amazing effort with presentation. Every Thursday there is a Caribbean party at Caribbean street, the staff put up cocktail bars mad of wood and banana leaves - they build these from scratch every week! They make beautiful sculptures from food in the restaurants and the selection of food is vast! My partner was spoilt for choice, I am vegetarian and had slightly less choice as some of the foods were not labelled, so I had to guess if it had meat in or not!Both my partner and I did get ill - so I would suggest bringing a lot of Imodium, however we do not think this was due to ill prepared food, rather the way that they cooked the food - It is much richer than the foods we are used to! The fruit was delicious and the pasta was really tasty. There is foods available all the time and drinks - the pina coladas are really yummy!!We were not happy with our initial room as we wanted one on the top floor overlooking the room - $20 tip and it was changed, although I am sure the tip was not necessary! On a few occasions our room was covered in flowers and towel decorations. The maids also decorate the corridors on some days!The entertainment is excellent, Mandella is hysterical, I don鈥檛 think I have ever laughed so much!$10 visa each to enter Dom. Rep and $20 departure tax each - you can do both at the airport. On arrival they take your pic with some Dominican ladies - save $5 if you want to purchase it on departure.Trips - Marinarium - Swimming with sharks and rays - incredible and not at all as scary as you would expect. An excellent trip!Saona Island adventure - A must do - incredible day!Monster Truck - I have heard other people say that they enjoyed this trip, the culture you experience is interesting, however the day was spoilt for me by the guide being too pushy and making you feel guilty and singled out for not purchasing things for the children and hats - the money from these is supposed to go to education and provisions, however another guide said that this is not the case as the Dominican children get this free. We brought presents for the children prior to the trip - shampoos and soaps from the hotel room, however you are not allowed to give them to the children yourselves - the guide does it. This was only our experience and other people have said their guides were not pushy and they were able to give the gifts themselves!People will ask you to buy their merchandise lots, however if you say 'no thanks' they will leave you alone. :)If you have any questions, please email and I will be happy to answer them for you!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best vacations we had!!       Our suprise thankyou for tipping  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frankp42
<Content>Another quality vacation Just got back from a week at the Riu's in Punta Cana D.R. June 4th - 11th. My wife and I were married at the Riu Merengie in Puerto Plata a few years back and were really impressed with the resort(s) and service. We recently had an opportunity to get a great deal on a Riu in Punta Cana so we took it based on our last experience. Being to Punta Cana a few years back we knew what to expect as far as beaches and the locals were concerned. Both by the way are EXCELLENT. After reading the reviews on this and other review websites I was a little apprehensive! But the TRUTH is that these resorts are STILL a great value for the money. We have been to other name resorts and found these ones to be at least equal than or better.  I'll keep this short by saying my wife and I had an AWESOME week at the Naiboa with priviledges at the sister Taino and Bambo (with lesser ones at the Palace). Everything was as expected. They either met or exceeded expectations. I believe if you look long and hard enough you will find faults but they really are minor. Chill out and enjoy your holiday. Some people aren't happy unless they're miserable. Life is not perfect and neither are resorts. Go there with that in mind. It sure beats being at home or at work. I would go back in heart beat.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsgw
<Content>Naiboa This is the perfect hotel if you are on a budget and don鈥檛 seem to mind staying in a simple room but with the same excellent service you would get at Taino and Bambu. If you expect a luxurious room then this is not the hotel for you. The food, service and entertainment is the same (excellent) as the other hotels but with the only disadvantage that the rooms are simpler and smaller, but cute. We literally paid $ 95 a day and you can not go wrong with that price. Where in NYC would you pay $ 95.00 a day for a hotel room including breakfast, lunch and dinner? No where in NYC . So, for the price Naiboa is a an excellent choice. And if you are not on a budget and could afford to spend extra go with Bambu or The Palace you won鈥檛 regret it. All in all the service in Naiboa was excellent, the grounds were beautiful and the people were lovely. By the way the beach is gorgeous and it is a 2 - 5 minute walk from Naiboa. Not far at all especially if you have a drink in your hand.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal for the money My husband and I (both in our 30s) went to this hotel after finding a great deal online ($99/room, all inclusive). We stayed for 5 days. We found it to be clean (a little smelly from the cleaning detergents though) and the hotel was very responsive to our needs. The first room they gave us had an air conditioner that wasn't working properly so they gave us a new room a few minutes later, which was wonderful. We had an awesome view. Also, they gave us a little present for the inconvenience. What I was most impressed with was the cleanliness of every area of the hotel. The beach was also very lovely. Everyday while we were there, we were able to swim with some fish who were close to shore. So definitely bring your googles and snorkels!! I also liked that there was a snack bar within walking distance to the beach. You could get a drink and food and bring it right back to the beach! The people at the resort were very friendly...from the tourists (whom we met alot of!) to the workers. The animation team/entertainers...while, sometimes it felt a bit like spring break...made the trip really quite fun. They worked really hard and really tried to involve all of the guests (my husband got picked 3 times to go do something on stage). The food was excellent...different food every night. Didn't get sick. I would definitely recommend this place for fun and relaxation. The only thing to remember though is...do not use the phone. Unless you buy a phone card from the front desk for $20. They charged us $40 for about 8 minutes worth.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladyasya
<Content>Details            
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep your balcony door locked My boyfriend and I stayed and the Riu Naiboa from May 1st through May 6th. The hotel is beautiful. The beach itself was great. And I could not have asked for better weather. No rain at all. However, the 2nd night we were there, we were robbed from our room. Apparently someone was climbing in through balcony doors. We lost cell phones, IPOD, shoes, perfume, clothes, ect... All equaling over $1200.00. We had to waste time and go to the police station and fill out a report. I was told I was going to get a free vacation in addition to money back. I have tried calling to follow up, and I can't get in touch with anyone. I felt like there was a language barrier and they were just telling me what I wanted to hear. Hopefully I will get something in return. I will keep trying. Just please keep your things locked up. I would go back in a heartbeat, but not to that hotel.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Our trip to Riu Naiboa began on April 28th and unfortunately ended on May 1, 2006. As a single parent traveling with my 16-year old daughter, Meagan we both felt very safe at the resort. The Front Desk personnel were very good at guiding us and registering us as our flight had been delayed over 2 hours so we didn't have the Apple orientation that normally is given. This was our second time back to the Riu Naiboa and I know there will be a third. The entertainment was great and David and the D.J. took my daughter under their wing and she really enjoyed herself. There was always so much to do that you really didn't need to leave the resort. The food was always enjoyable and the service from the entire staff was unbelievable. They made us feel so special. We absolutely did not want to leave the resort. I recommended the Riu Naiboa to all my co-workers and am actually helping some of them book a trip in the near future. Thanks, Riu Naiboa for making our vacation so wonderful! The entire staff went the extra mile to make this vacation the best! Punta Cana is a beaufitul place, the Riu Naiboa is a beautiful resort but more importantly, they have beautiful people working there!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach, great location, food  From a CT couple, mid 50's--The air service fr philadelphia  connections to  from hotel were excellent. The room was ready at 10:30 am even tho we were warned that rooms might not be available until 3:00pm.This was our second visit to DR, (first to La Romana) two years ago.The setting for the Riu complex is well-planned and very scenic.Here are the difficulties we encountered. We were told by our travel agent that we would have full use of two other Riu hotels, for facilities and all meals, the Bambu  Taino. The Apple rep on the bus on the way fr the airport to the hotel told us we could use all hotels except the Palace Macao. When we arrived at the hotel we were informed that we were restricted to dinners at our own hotel(Naiboa), or we could try the steak house. Dinners at the hotel were by reservation only, and when we tried to make reservations for the steak house we were informed that we needed to come to breakfast, find a certain wait captain, and he would make the arrangements. Of course he was nowhere to be found the next morning. It took two more days to get a reservation. When we finally got to the steak house, it was a converted church building with no air conditioning. We watched as the majority of the diners took a few bites of their meals, and left almost immediately. Our food: mixed grill, and loin steak, were overcooked and tasteless. If I had a blindfold on, I would not have been able to distinguish loin steak, chicken, lamb chops, and pork cutlet from each other.  On our second day we left a tip in US Dollar bills for our maid. At the end of the day we got back to our room to find a beautiful swan fashioned from a towel with hibiscus blossoms on it and a very clean  tidy room. The next day we left another tip next to the swan in US Gold Dollar coins, and returned to find sandals kicked under the king-sized bed where we couldn't reach them, the room wasn't clean, and all our bottled water had been taken away. Perhaps they don't know the difference between Pesos and Gold US Dollar coins?In summary, we will return to DR for vacation, but not to any Riu-run hotels.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hotnest
<Content>Good times at the Riu! My boyfriend, my two kids (ages 9  10) and me went to the Riu Naiboa in Punta Cana from April 13th to April 20th, 2006.It was our second time in Punta Cana. Back in December 2003, we went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro (as a couple), which we loved.The staff at the Riu was friendly and welcoming right from the start. We got our room quickly, and we didn鈥檛 have problems with the room. We made sure, after reading a few reviews here, that hot water did work!The room was not a 芦luxury禄 room, but it was clean, and the staff responded quickly to our demand to add a single bed for one of the kids, even though we were right in the middle of La Semana Santa (芦Holy week禄) and the hotel was full.Typical Dominican craftsmanship is apparent throughout the room, as the patio door doesn鈥檛 close properly, the floor is not level and there are a few spots of A/C leakage here and there. Nothing that would affect negatively one鈥檚 stay, though.The staff at the restaurant was equally nice and cheerful, and we can鈥檛 say enough good words about Gerardo, the daytime boss at the restaurant. Granted, we gave him a little tip upon arrival to make sure we had a 芦guardian angel禄, but he gave it back to us tenfold. Every day he would come and greet us at breakfast our lunch, enquire about our vacation, etc...The food, although a bit repetitive for the basics, was good, and there always was at least a couple new things every night, so we were always satisfied. The breakfasts are particularly good.The animation was, as expected, a bit corny, but this is kinda what you expect in these places. The animators really work hard. They鈥檙e there from the morning 鈥榯ill the end of the night, and they were there all 7 days when we were there. Every night there is a bingo in the hotel鈥檚 Bolero Bar, and it鈥檚 all in good fun. The kids really like that since there are prizes for them.The little walk from the hotel to the beach is not a big issue. Those who prefer to stay at the pool have a decent place to bask in the sun, too. The beach itself is great, but expect to walk a bit to get some snorkeling equipment, as rental places are located in front of other Riu hotels.We were unfortunate enough to have to deal with a sick child, and we had to go to the medical clinic on Caribbean Street, right in the middle of the Riu鈥檚 compound. Service there was courteous and very professionnal, which is more than we can say for the Bavaro Hospiten, where no one but the doctors speak english, and everyone works in two modes : slow and super-slow.Anyway, our girl had to spend nearly three days at the hospital, and upon her return, the entire staff seemed genuinely happy to see her and wish her a speedy recovery. Their wishes seemed heartfelt and we truly appreciated that.Give a little tip here and there, and the waiters will take care of you.Our only gripes would be that the elevators are sloooooooow. We were at the 4th floor, and it took an eternity to get there. Also, since the floor in our room was not level, sleeping was a tad bit uncomfortable, and the bed was not the best we鈥檝e had, although it sure wasn鈥檛 as bad as some reviews suggested.All in all, for a family, we wouldn鈥檛 hesitate one second to recommend the Riu Naiboa!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible service We stayed at Riu Naiboa April 2006, four of us went. All in all the trip was just okay. The service of the Hotel wasn't at all anything special; there were no towels in the rooms, the wake up calls were off by an hour each time, the plug in the bathroom didn't work so I couldn't blow dry my hair, there were no clocks in the room so if you didn't bring a watch you didn't know what time it was. 3 out of four of us were sick on a couple of the days.Not to mention we were given the total run around trying to book the steakhouse resturant at night which we never got into . The food, very average. The shows were good but not long enough, not much to do after that. The only good about the resort was the beach  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Riu Naiboa is fantastic ignore those bad reviews!! I stayed at the Riu Naiboa for 2 weeks in April with my girlfriend her 2 young children (6  10) and her eldest son (20)  I can say without doubt that we had a fantastic time. Having read some of the unfavaourable reviews about the hotel prior to travelling I was concerned about our stay so I've included some pointers that may help other prospective visitors.1. When you first get there walk to the beach, it's especially beautiful when the sun sets  quite frankly when we all saw the beach it wouldn't have mattered to us if the hotel was awful (but it isn't!)2. The hotel staff are incredibly friendly  happy all the time, they love children, my girlfriend  I would thoroughly reccomend this hotel to families  couples alike.3. The quality,quantity  variety of food available every day is incredible, ok it's not what you would expect at a top London restaurant but considering the numbers catered for it's absolutely superb.4. The Naiboa pool is easily the best in the complex, it has a separate area for toddlers  you can touch the floor anywhere in the pool.5. The Naiboa 'animacion' team are fantastic David  Mandella made us laugh so much, there are always activities to join in (if you want to) ,stretching,areobics,table tennis,volleyball,water polo,Spanish lessons,dance lessons  that's just at the pool, having said that if you just want to laze quietly you can easily do that too.6. Don't be put off by the fact that the hotel is set back from the beach, it's in a great location  the short walk to the beach is lovely.7. The nightime entertainment is great, we saw dancers, comedy shows  a local magician/daredevil who was fantastic,the children wanted to go to the nightly bingo game-which I didn't think I'd like but we had such a laugh we went every night! There's also a disco that goes on to the early hours of the morning if you want that sort of thing. I could go on and on writing about this hotel there are so many great features. Basically what makes the Riu Naiboa so good is the beautiful location  the wonderful staff who will go to every length to make your stay enjoyable. I will concede some points to the people who have written bad reviews about this hotel:- both my girlfriend  I suffered from upset stomachs despite being careful, 3 of us got bitten by mosquitoes on a regular basis, it rained stair-rods for 36hrs at one stage and yes the beds are uncomfortable but despite all of this we still had a fantastic time!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UKMarylander
<Content>Riu Naiboa - Muy Bien        How much beech do you need?  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Susie-Lous
<Content>Love the Riu Naiboa! This is my 3rd trip to Punta Cana. The Riu Naiboa is a beautiful resort, and you never have to leave the compound. It's safer to stay on the grounds. The food at lunch and dinner could be better, but the staff, pool and beach are out of this world. The breakfasts are outstanding. The most beautiful beach I've ever traveled to in the world. Clean white sandy beaches and mostly European (German, Flemish, Norweigan) travelers. Learn some Spanish and German before you go. Many bars and watering holes to quench your thirst. The Catholic Mass on Sunday has always been terrible - the Priest is very late or doesn't show. Say your prayers, anyway!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday Just returned from the Naiboa April 6-13 with our 3 kids. We have usually gone to a 5 star so we weren't sure what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised. The food is what you expect at these hotels, there is something for everyone, even fussy kids. We all ate and drank everything and none of us became sick at all.You can use the facilities of the other hotels but thought the pool at the Naiboa was the best and you could always get a chair even at noon. We used the restaurants during the days from the Taino and Bambu as they were close to the beach.The beach is spectacular! Better than the Mayan Riviera. Breath-taking!!People have commented on the great staff but how could you not, they are better than any staff I have seen at a resort. They are so pleasant and are always dancing and singing. The waiters are there from 5:00am - 11:00pm and are happy the whole time. The reception staff to the maids are great, take lots of extra $'s for tipping as they deserve it so much. One day are electricity went out, we called the front desk and in 5 minutes they were in my room and fixed it. The rooms are ok not total luxury but good. People have complained the beds are hard, I didn't find this but I thought the pillows were. If you are thinking about this hotel I do recommend it and I know you will not be disappointed, we certainly weren't.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the third time... I have been in Riu Naiboa in November 2002, August 2003 and in September 2005.As you can see by the number of times that i麓ve been in this hotel, it麓s fantastic!The staff is excelent, always very nice even when you have a problem to solve.The food is very good and the beach is .....well you must see for yourself!Thinking about all this times that i麓ve been there, i realise that not everything is perfect, but is for sure the best holliday destination on earth.Next June I麓ll be back....yuppieeee.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wifeoflee02
<Content>holiday of a life time just got back from having a 2 week holiday 23rd march -6th april staying at the riu naiboa and what a holiday it was. the staff couldnt be anymore helpful if they tried and for all the hours they worked i couldnt get over how they did it. ive gotta say we had a couple of problem like not having any water one night but i was on holiday and i didnt realy care i would say to any one who is thinking of going to this hotel go your have the time of your lifes and everything is so close together you can even use some of the other riu hotels to eat and drink but not for your evening meal that has to be at your own hotel which is fair i cant wait to go back so ive already got my husband to book the same hotel for next year.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bozenka
<Content>Loved it..although...       Swim-up bar at Riu Malago  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HCR
<Content>Beautiful Beach Went to RIU Naiboa with a friend for March Break. The beach was absolutely lovely and the weather was gorgeous. The room was fine - not glamorous but everything we needed. The food was good - I can say I never went hungry. If you want food from home then stay home. You have to remember you are on a vacation in another country. Be open minded. Wished we had have had other singles our age to hang out with... the crowd was very much families and couples. People were very friendly but language barriers made it difficult to carry much of a conversation. Staff was great... especially the guys on the front desk. They would go above and beyond to help. All in all it was a nice relaxing trip. If you want wild nightlife, this is not the place... go to Mexico for that. I would definitely return with a husband someday but not again as a single.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fab holiday We have just returned from a week at the Riu Naiboa. It was our honeymoon and we had a fab time. The hotel was lovely and the staff were great. Our room was cleaned everyday (it's worthwhile tipping the cleaner as she leaves lovely little gestures in your room!) The entertainment both during the day and in the evening was excellent. The entertainment staff really work hard - I'm sure they never sleep! Food and drink was plentiful. Spent many a night staggering back to the hotel room thanks to Ricardo and his extra measures of rum! The pool is lovely, the best one in the resort. We will be visiting again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>s&smith2006
<Content>3 Stars at BEST!! My husband and I stayed at Rui Naiboa for our honeymoon the first of March. The good, the beach and ocean were GORGEOUS!!, the pool area was nice, the staff was very helpful and the Mai Tai's were AWESOME! The bad, the food was okay at best, there was not enough chairs to accommodate all the guests at the pool or by the ocean, and the beds were not comfortable at all. My husand and I actually slept in seperate beds most nights just so we could get some rest. The ugly, the HOTEL DID NOT HAVE HOT WATER!!! We took lukewarm to cold showers the entire week we were there. I would definitely recommend Punta Cana, just not Rui Naiboa. Spend the extra few dollars to stay at Rui Palace or one of the Barcelo resorts. If you do stay, my suggestions would be to get down to the beach or pool around 7-8am to mark your chairs and drink lots of Mai Tai's.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best trip we've ever taken! I read a lot of reviews before taking this trip and it seemed half of the guests had a wonderful time and half were miserable. I'm happy to say that the group I traveled with and I have nothing but great things to say about the Riu Resort. I traveled with my husband and two other couples all from Minnesota. Our age range is 27-30 years old. We wanted to go somewhere to escape the spring break crowd and also somewhere less commercialized. We were not disappointed.  The staff at the Riu Naiboa was wonderful. Our rooms were always cleaned and stocked with Pepsi and beer. Don't forget to leave a couple bucks or small gifts for your maid. They really appreciate it and work very hard. The front desk staff was mediocre. The bartenders were magnificent! Moises and Ricardo were our favorites. Always ready to serve and entertain. Please tip these boys they will treat you right. The animation staff keep everyone...kids, teenagers and adults entertained. We are convinced Boom Boom and his crew never sleep. They were Great.  The beach by far was the highlight of the trip. Its beauty can not be expressed in words. You are going to have to see it yourself. The pools were all great. The Naiboa is the largest. Great for tossing a frisbee around or swimming a few laps. Both the Bamboo and the Taino had swim up bars and constant entertainment pool side. We hung out at the Taino pool most often because it's right off the beach. We went boogie boarding and fed the fish a few feet off shore. They love bread and will also eat bananas. The rooms weren't anything special but you aren't in them that often. There was an odor but we got used to it after a few days. I heard from other people at the airport no matter where you stay in Punta Cana the beds are like bricks. Our thirty year-old backs survived a week on them but it was nice to be back in our soft beds at home.  The second highlight of the trip was the people we met. It is a real culture shock if you are not anticipating it. If you are American, you are the minority. I would say 20% US, 20% Canadian  60% European. Get ready for a few language barriers. This wasn't a problem for our group. We made friends with a group from England and hung out with them all week. We miss them greatly...THANKS BENNY AND THE JETS. I would suggest to anyone brushing up on your Spanish a little before you go. You'll be glad you did.TIPS:For woman1. Bring more than one swim suit. You will live in them.2. They have American 110V electric plugs but if you have one of those big-end plugs on your hair dryer, it won't work in their outlets.3. Bring small gifts for the staff and their children. I left jewelry, candy, toys, lotion, crayons and a little money every day for the maid.I gave the bartender Mardi Gras beads one night and he acted like it was a million dollars. Please tip the staff. They are wonderful people.For men1. Don't forget long pants and closed toed shoes for evening meals.2. Drinks are poured a lot stonger than back home. Beware. (Honestly I think that is why people report being sick.)For all1. Don't drink the tap water. Water at the resturant is fine and they will give you jugs in your room of purified water.2. Bring about $100 in one dollar bills per couple. You will need them for tips (although they are not expected) and for buying anything on the Caribbean Street or down the beach at the Dominican Marketplace. Be aware if you use larger bills they may pay your change in pesos. 3. Keep an open mind. This is a very poor country and you are in the paradise portion of it. A few miles out there is nothing. The Dominican people rely on us to keep them going. They deserve our respect and thanks for such wonderful service.Thank you to the Riu Staff and all the wonderful people we met. You made our trip a memorable experience.Leah and Kyle from Minnesota  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay! We used this site and were worried to read some of the reviews left by people, saying they were ill however we enjoyed our stay. We are a couple aged 25 and 26, its not a wild clubbing holiday but we had a lazy relaxing stay.We have also stayed in Playa Dorada, which was an Occidental Hotel, we found the food much better in the Riu Naiboa.Our room was clean when we got there and was cleaned throughout our stay.We enjoyed the food, we had a problem with the fact that you keep the same table for your evening meal, they seemed to have got out of sync as the first night we were shown to a table and then a woman arrived and got very upset we had their table. The head waiter got them another table, but we had the same problem on our second to last night, its not a huge problem as we got another table but worth noting in case it happens to you so you don't start an argument with some poor innocent for stealing your table. On your first night you ask for what sitting you want for your evening meal, 7pm or 9pm, but you can change it if you go on an excursion.This didn't happen in our last hotel and were were worried about the fact we had a set time but it wasn't actually a problem.If you go on an early morning excursion which means you leave at 6.30am you can get into the dining room at 6am, but I have to be honest you can't have a hot drink or hot food as they have only just switched on the machines. But juice and bread and cold things are avaliable.The pool was great, the walk to the beach was in no way a problem and we loved the fact we could use other facilities in the other hotels.We liked the evening entertainment the team were very good, and also you can go to other hotels to see their entertainment.We were happy with our minibar, a tip though is if you are on the 4th Floor like us the re-fill trolley doesn't arrive until 6-6.30pm at which time sometimes the pepsi had run out. The trolley can be seen on the lower floors earlier in the day so you could take a re-fill then rather than wait.We were not ill. Most of the people we spoke to who were ill (either at our hotel or others) were telling us about the fruity creamy cocktails they were drinking, the equivalent of six bananas plus rum in banana mama cocktails is bound to have an effect!!! We had some cocktails but also drank beer, coke and spirits like we would do at home.In the restaurant at night men have to wear long trousers, my partner wore three-quarter length trousers a couple of times which they were fine with, but they do (no joke) get a ruler out if you have shorts. We thought the service was fine and really liked the place.We used bottled water all the time, for teeth brushing as well.Happy to answer any questions  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a fantastic place hello to everyone reading this and thinking of staying in the naiboa punta cana well let me just say what a wounderful place staff friendly food excelent and as for the pool supurb. dont be put off by reviews on this site everyone i met ther never complained once and everyone had a great time riu all inclusive is a great way of spending 2 weeks in the carribean sun. andy  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed 7 nts. in March. Good food, beautiful beach, nice and clean rooms. The staff was very friendly.It's a very nice four star hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding       The beach market  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jenmomto2
<Content>Paradise!!!!!!!!!       Hubby at the pool bar  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>These Folks Aim to Please My mom and I stayed from January 21-24 and have only great things to say about this hotel. But first, a warning...when you get to the airport, there will be a hundred porters waiting for you鈥et them take your luggage because it is a long, hot, bumpy walk to the bus that takes you to the hotel. Anyways, about the Riu Naiboa: the staff, waiters, bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Even our maid, Milagro greeted us with a bright, friendly smile each day. Everyone seemed to go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Each time we came off the elevator, the desk staff greeted us with a Buenos dias! My attempts at Spanish were greeted enthusiastically, however everyone I spoke with seemed to communicate in English pretty well too (maitre de, waiters, towel guy, front desk staff, animation staff, excursion staff). The animation staff was especially friendly and I was actually sad to say goodbye to them as they made it a point to speak to you and to make sure you were having a good time. My mom and I happened to wander down to the bar where they played bingo each night (in several different languages) and ended up having a blast with merengue and salsa lessons and the nightly show. I haven't laughed that hard in along time. The animation team was great鈥hout out to Isabel, Espaghetti, and Pablo!! An interesting part of the experience was the large number of Europeans at the resort. At one point I was playing volleyball with men from Germany, Italy, Chile, and Canada...I'm a black female, so we made a truly international picture. It also seems to be a great place to take kids...there were a lot of them there and they seemed to be having a good time with the various activities.Anyways, let me stop gushing and get to the details. The rooms were clean, non-humid, and comfortable. The tv had plenty of English channels. The bed was hard, but didn鈥檛 keep me from sleeping. The water pressure and temperature in the showers were great. The food was good...there was always something for everyone. I was particularly fond of the pasta, baked chicken, rice and plantains, and of course their pina coladas. The pool was nice and entertaining because of the activities staff, but I preferred the beach. It was one of the most breathtaking beaches I've seen. And there is a flea market that is a 15-20 minute walk down the beach where you can buy the traditional souvenirs and bargain with the sellers for good prices.I only took one excursion which was horseback riding at Pat's Ranch. Once again, everybody was extremely friendly and the ride on the beach was beautiful...except for me getting stung by a bee and not knowing the word for bee in Spanish. Once our guide Rafael understood what happened, he took care of me immediately. So, all in all it was a great trip. For those who just want a clean room, good food, nice people and a place to relax with a beautiful beach, this place was perfect.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bn60
<Content>Nice but, RIU Resort ....Feb 2006 stayed at the NAIBOA resort...one of 5 resorts located in the same 'compound'{Tiano, Palace, Bambu, Naiboa, and one other}. Couldn't drink the water...hotel suppplied all the bottled water you wanted. Only had 'national' beverages...had to ask for the better alcohol, which was always kept hidden behind the bar. Our room had a small refrig with beer, club soda, and (not tonic water) quinine water, and what was supposed to be vodka, run, whiskey.....all of which tasted the same......BAD! Where we stayed...all food service was buffet style. Breakfast is breakfast. Lunch was the SAME food EVERY DAY...hot dogs, hamburgers, pasta, spaghetti, salad, dessert......boring. Dinners were a little better, but not great. The entertainment was really poor. Went to bed by 9 pm and watched TV.The most expensive resort in the compound was the PALACE, which had upgraded beverages and fine dining, (not available to guests staying at other RIU locations). The nicest things about the RIU resort was the beautiful swimming pools, the beautiful ocean and the softest white sand I've ever seen. All of the staff was as helpful as could be, when you were able to converse with them in Spanish. Daytime activities were always going on...either to watch or participate in. If I go back, I would stay at the PALACE, or a different resort that included 'international' choices of alcoholic beverages and better food.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware We (two adults) just returned. There were a number of problems at the Riu resort in Punta Cana, not just the hotel where we stayed (Riu Naiboa). Language is a real problem as about 98% of the staff did not speak English. The all-inclusive feature for supplemental items (stocked mini bar, beach towels, snorkel equipment) was a plus; however, the food left much to be desired. The same food was provided in all the restaurants, and it was terrible--don't expect to order from a menu! And, be careful as the majority of the food sits out for long periods of time, served buffet style.The security bar on our hotel room was broken and when reported, the front desk staff made no note of it to fix the problem. Further, no one asked if we enjoyed our time or invited us to return for another visit. Overall, not a good impression, and we won't return to Punta Cana!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PortSaxonTraveler
<Content>Nice Place We went to the Riu Naiboa from Feb4-11. Six of us in our group, 2 of which have never traveled before. The 4 of us who has been to the Domm. Rep. before knew what to expect. To keep it short and simple, the Naiboa is your standard 4* hotel with above average service and good buffet resturants (didn't try a la cart), average or better pool, and fair to good rooms. It is a short 3 min. walk to one of the best beaches we've ever been too. Lots of good stores on the way to take a peek at. You can use four other hotel services through the day if you want, but none really better than the other. The 2 who has never been before had the best time of their live and said they would recomend this hotel. I have to agree with them. We never had any problems for me not to go again. In all, if you going here to have a good time, and not expecting the Ritz Carlton, you won't be disapointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rella0412
<Content>Suppose to stay here but the overbooked... This review will not be about Riu Naiboa. Although I was suppose to stay at this hotel, they overbooked and upon my arrival informed me so. As you could imagine I was dissappointed and annoyed; however, they said they would like to have me stay at the Majestic Colonial for the night and handed me a voucher good for a 7 night vacation at several of their international all-inclusive resorts- on them. I had done plenty of research prior to this trip and knew that the Majestic Colonial was a brand new 5-star resort so I agreed to this deal.  Naiboa provided our transportation to the MC and we arrived 10 mins later to the gorgeous MC. So elegant and stunning! MC took our luggage and checked us into our Presedential suite! It was huge and breathtaking. A huge balcony across the entire suite, with another huge patio/sun deck with an above ground stone jacuzzi! Needless to say, the trip turned out amazing and we ended up staying at the MC in the Presedential suite for the rest of our stay! Thank you Riu Naiboa!  If you have any questions you can email me at RELLA412@aol.com or if you want to hear more about the MC look under their reviews for my A+ review!!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a great price I was very impressed with the Riu Naiboa overall. A friend of mine and myself booked it as part of an all inclusive deal online. I feel for the great price we paid to go for 5 days, we got so much more than we paid for. The rooms are nothing special and the beds a bit hard, but my friend and I spent little time there anyways as we are avid beachgoers. What is special about this hotel is the it is among 3 other resorts all under the Riu name and you have access to 2 of them where you can use their pools, restaurants, bars, go to their evening events, etc, so it's great to go to a different resort each day after going to the beach. There is also a street that the Riu has built near the Naiboa which has small shops for souvenirs and a health clinic if needed. You basically never need to leave the resort the whole time you are there. There is a casino as well in the Riu Palace. The pool at the Naiboa is amazing and there are always activities going on. It's a very family friendly place if desired, but plenty of places for couples to spend time away from children. It's a quick 5 minute walk to the beach from the hotel and Punta Cana is unique in that the beachfront at most resorts is walled off with palm trees so you can't see the resorts which I thought was great. Like I said, this is certainly not an amazing hotel, it is very simple, the food is not amazing but there are many choices. This is the place to come if you're on a budget and just want a nice clean place to relax and hit the beach. If you're looking for a much nicer hotel, the Riu Palace would be a better fit.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Naiboa was a great place! Stayed at the RIU Naiboa at the end of Jan 06.Was a great place...the food, drink, pool, staff and entertainment were fanatastic! Everyone there made that extra effort to make sure you had fun and enjoyed yourself!Set 5mins back from the beach gave the shelter and a bit more peace but you could also eat and use the pool next to the beach at the Taino. I met someone called Lolly who was staying there and the Taino looked equally as good!Carnival night was a good fun night!Fantastic place....would love to go back soon!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>markes
<Content>Riu Naiboa a solid value Spent a week with friends (1/31-2/7) at the Punta Cana Riu complex. Had a great time!In walking about 7 miles of Bavaro Beach, I didn't find a resort that had a better beach with either more sandy beach area or nicer palm trees. It is a beautiful location.I stayed at Naiboa, while my friends were at Bambu. I spent considerable time at both resorts. Pros: beach; beautiful landscaped and well maintained grounds; from the beach, most resort buildings are hidden by the palm trees and foliage; overall staff friendliness; good value. Neutral: rooms (very adequate), food (was good to sometimes very good, especially breakfast and a la carte restaurants), pools (very nice settings but not real big), ocean water clarity; very few ocean view rooms; nightly entertainment is o.k..Cons: huge size of Riu complex, beach area is quite crowded; Naiboa resort is a 5 minute walk from the beach (personally, not a problem); restrooms and bars at Bambu are several hundred yards from the beach;having to sign up early the prior morning for the evening a la carte restaurants. Suggestions....My friend tipped the maitre d several dollars the first night. We got an excellent veranda table for the entire week, plus very attentive service. Bring a large insulated mug for drinks. It's quite a hike to keep filling an 8 ounce cup.Lip balm. My skin didn't burn (plenty of sun screen), but my lips sure did. All in all, the Riu complex is a beautiful tropical destination at a comparatively good value.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Great place!!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mtralies
<Content>Honest and Fair Review       Beach at dusk  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hospital Six of us stayed for 2 weeks, all six of us got sick with stomach upsets but my partner (who is a fit 25 year old) ended up in hospital for 3 long days鈥otal nightmare with food poisoning.The beach and hospital are clean not sure about the kitchens.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lovethesun63
<Content>loved the beach       life is good!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Canuckgirl
<Content>Laid Back Vacationing...       Our fake beach area  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation ever! Our trip to the Riu Naiboa was absolutely amazing. Everything was great. I went with my boyfriend, we are in our early 20's. So here are the details:Beach: Amazing, no other word to describe it. Beautiful white sand and turquoise water and enough chairs, unless you get there at 3 pm. Nobody bothers you on the beach (vendors).Food: Lots of choice, you can go to the others Riu's on the resort for breakfast and lunch and the many snack bars. Went to the mediterrean a la carte but wasnt impressed, preferred the buffet.Room: Very clean. Mini bar and fridge. Humid smell in rooms but it is the Dominican Republic, if anybody complains they should just stay in the cold.Pools: Very nice but we didn't go, we are beach people. Entertainment: Awesome team!!! We loved all the shows. You can go to all the other hotels but we preferred ours.Bars: The drinks are strong and nice. The people at the bar are all friendly and you don't wait for very long.We had a great time and we would go back anytime! People who complain about this place really have Ritz Carlton expectations, so don't listen to the negative reviews, especially the last one, they have no idea what they are talking about.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!! We just got back from the Naiboa, 12/26-12/31/05. Paid up to take an unexpected holiday and it was awful. Loved Punta Cana, the beach is second to none, the people are friendly and happy to see you. The Naiboa was completely unacceptable. Four Star?? Right. We booked a Junior Suite, and were told after complaining at the desk about our non updated average hotel room with two beds that they don't have suites at this hotel. Clearly, they don't have a problem charging you for one, they just don't have one. After going around and around with the staff at the desk (who were extremely friendly) they suggested we talk to the French lady who runs the hotel. We agreed and they tried to call her. She was unavailable but would call us later. Several days and attempts to reach her later, we realized she couldn't care less. We never did talk to her.Problems:1. No air conditioning. Four stars, but no air. It doesn't work. They'll send up a janitor who doesn't speaks Spanish only and looks at the thermostat, puts his hand to the vent, and leaves.2. Food. It's just really bad. We didn't get sick, but nothing was good. The breakfast buffet is acceptable, but for a Four Star we expected much more.3. Pools: Run down and dirty. If you don't get your towels (one only per person, and only available at YOUR hotel, not the others connected you may want to visit) in the morning, you may not get them at all. I complain at the desk, they say they'll bring you towels, they don't.4. Mini Bar: not a mini bar, a mini fridge with pepsi, nasty bottled water, and rot gut house booze.5. Furnishings are ancient. One of our beds actually had thick black plastic under it, as if it was leaking. ???6. Bars and entertainment: Entertainment is non existent. Just a joke. Bars serve tiny drinks and are understaffed.I usually do not complain and do not require a lot of hotels. I work hard and just want to relax. But this was especially bad.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical Pick Me Up I stayed at the Riu Naiboa last year (by the way I loved it and hope to go back). Anyway, they had these non-alcoholic drinks called Tropical Pick Me Up. I loved these drinks! If anyone knows the recipe or ingredients please email me at kloock1@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings       dance lessons poolside  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>captain316
<Content>Great Holiday       Beach 2  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Davey022
<Content>Great time for the family       Pizzeria on the beach for great lunches  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had an excellent time!! stayed at the riu naiboa and it was great we stayed for a week and we were wiped from all the fun we had it was me and my girlfriend going both 20. the resort was beautiful fun the entertainment crew (animation team) were soo funny kept us laughing all week long the food to me wasnt the greatest but im definetely used to the canadian food. everything just seemed to have a different taste weather it be pasta or chicken but always was something i was willing to try and eat. the naiboa resort is the one not on the beach but definetely have to be 500lbs and cant walk 2 min or soooo lazy.. tons of restauants tons of bars for us we found the bambu quite a bit away just because we werent able to use the palace but it didnt matter so we used all the other ones. pools r awesome beseides no swim up bar naiboa pool definetely the best the entertainment was great beach was unreal and the ocean sooooo awesome!! even though you go only with a couple your definetely going to meet ppl just like we did and made some great friends dominican ppl and other canadians big resort but a lot of fun!!!we stayed may 15th to the 22nd. but had the skyservice plane crash on the way to punta cana (not a bad one at all no one hurt!) so we were stuck for another night until the 23rd made it even more unbelievable for us stayed at the catalonia bavaro resort now this is a beautiful resort too.. we were given all inclusive a late check out time on the plane back given complimentary everything a voucher to fly with them and a cheque from them just incredible!!! cant wait to go again!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>getaway-girl
<Content>Perfectly relaxing!       Ah the beach!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheila-1
<Content>riu hotels are awesome we stayed at riu naiboa-april 2nd till the 9th and the hotel was great-we had the most horrible flight-9hrs was supposed to be 5.Every day was hot and sunny.Our room was good-spent lots of time on the verandah sipping rum and watching the activities by the pool.The food was good lots to choose from,my only complaint was not enough seafood but their pork is excellant.Went to 2 alacart dinners and they were good too.Beach was everything,not need to go off the resort,there was everything there that you needed.The casino was good in fact my husband won 250.00 there.The disco was good too-the drinks were only 70 peso's which is about 2.50 american but they pour your drinks very full of liquor so it is well worth the money.Most definately i would stay there again,my only complaint was all the europeans-very few spoke english so it was hard to converse with them.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MzMeow
<Content>Not a 4-star A group of 12 family  friends from the Ottawa  Toronto, Ontario areas attended a beautiful beach wedding at sunset on April 6, 2005. Our group stayed for a week (April 2 - 9) at the Riu Naiboa, the Riu Taino  the Riu Palace Macao, all a short walk from each other. The ones who tried Riu roulette were all assigned to the Naiboa. My husband  I had previously vacationed at the Riu Bambu 4 years ago, and it was far superior to the Naiboa in all respects. The staff at all 4 are extremely cheerful  helpful, and the nightly entertainment is top notch. We always take escorted day tours, and have thoroughly enjoyed all of them, particularly learning more about the country  its customs from the expert, fully multilingual tour guides.We have stayed at other Riu resorts in the Dominican, Mexico and Cuba, and they were excellent, but the Naiboa is not in the same class. Although we requested a room change or a hotel change when we first discovered the air conditioning in our room was not functioning well, they were unable to accommodate us. (Thanks to Julie, our wonderful Sunquest rep for trying her best.) Others in our group were able to move to another room at the Naiboa, but the A/C was not working there either. It's true that you don't spend much time in your room, but A/C is very important for a proper sleep.I would say that the Naiboa needs a facelift and some renovations  repairs to the rooms. However, the lobby  bars  restaurants are very spiffy-looking. Everywhere was very clean, but the rooms really show their age, from the broken balcony door handle to the overworked A/C with the noisy fan, to the occasionally dysfunctional light switches  the dated decor.The food was plentiful and each meal at the Naiboa  the Taino offered a great variety of dishes in artistic presentations. We ate at both hotels' dining rooms as well as the snack bars. I am an adventurous and not at all fussy eater; I tried everything except the octopus. However, the tastes were just not up to the standard of the Bambu. It was wonderful that one night at the Naiboa they set up an outdoor barbecue of shish kabobs, steaks  chicken for us gringos. The maitre d' of the Naiboa's dining room was extremely disorganized, so that many guests, including us, rarely got to sit at our supposedly assigned table. However, we didn't mind the variety of seatings  seatmates.Both pools were fabulous  clean; the Naiboa is quieter  less crowded, but the Taino has a wonderful swim-up bar. Be sure to try all the fresh fruit drinks, especially the Mamajuana. If you're a rum drinker, ask for the Barcelo, a better brand than the bar rum. The beach is to die for, and we had no trouble getting beach chairs for all of us, but avoid the rocks or coral that is straight out from the Taino. The ocean was much choppier than we've encountered before, probably because it was generally windy, but that cool breeze helped a lot in the 80-90 deg. F. (30-ish deg. C.) temperatures. Be sure to make the 20-minute walk up the beach to the thatch-roofed huts where tacky tourist stuff plus some very nice jewellery  clothing can be had if you are patient enough to play their bargaining game. If you buy their national stone, larimar, it's best to buy it at Harrison's (equivalent to Birk's) but if you purchase it from the beach vendors, at least hold the stone over a lighter flame to be sure it isn't plastic.Only some in our group took precautionary anti-malaria pills and Hepatitis A  B shots, but I'm happy to report that no one got really ill. A hangover  a one-day case of diarrhea were the most serious ailments for only 2 in the group.I took lots of Canadian pens, pencils, pins, candy, gum, nylons, hair barrettes, hats, clothing  kids' toys to leave each day for the maids. We never felt pressured to tip money, but did so to the tour bus guide  driver. Service at the bars  restaurants was not affected by whether or not we tipped; it was always quick, courteous  friendly.In summary, pay the extra  stay at a newer 4+ or 5 star resort with great air conditioning. You鈥檒l sleep better and have fewer humidity-stinking clothes to wash upon your return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Ola! My wife and I stayed at Riu Naiboa April 01, 2005 for a week. We booked last minute for a great price. I've read the previous reviews and below you will find my honest non-biased points.Food: Was good and they try and change the dinner buffet with various themes during the week. A la carte is decent and service is good. The food is always well cooked and fish is very good too. Buffet breakfast, lunch and diinner always had plenty of food so don't be afraid of starving. Down side is reservations are for set times. 7 or 9 pm sittings. This applies to dinner. Breakfast and lunch don't require reservatrions. Rooms: They are kept clean and are (in my opinion) equivalent to 3 star north american standard like comfort inn etc. Balcony, safe (included) towels, soap, fridge with water and alohol. This is not a Luxury resort so don't expect to get a Sandals resort room with four poster wood bed. The point is it's well kept and the staff works hard to keep the place clean and friendly.Grounds: Lovely place for walks. Nice grounds with lot's of palm trees and differen types of lush tropical plants. Beach: Is a short nice walk down Caribbean street which is part of the Riu resorts. This is not a public street. Makes the walk nice as there is always something to look at while walking to the beach.Beatiful beach for relaxing walking swimming. Always a nice breeze so you won't feel so hot tanning. Other reviews complained about the walk but you know there is a restaurant (buffet lunch) and pizzeria buffet at the edge of the beach so there is no need to come all the way back to the hotel to eat.Entertainment: I must say they get a thumbs up for this. Evening shows were unique and funny. This was a nice surprise. Disco is ok but drinks not included. Within this resorst is Riu Bambu, Riu Palace Macau, Riu Tainos, Riu Melao and Riu Naiboa. One can have lunch or breakfast and drinks at any of these except Palace. Makes the whole stay interesting as you can walk to different places.Neither of us were sick at this place. In my opinion it's not the people that work there that are the problem but certain guest that stay there need to learn to be more hygenic from my observation. This place had a lot of Europeans. 80% from Europe. The rest were American and Canadian. I found them overall ok but some were rude. Especially the spanish from spain. Lot's of line jumpers at the buffet. It seemed like the food was going to run out the way some people ran to the buffet and jumped lines. I had good laugh people watching. But anyway, nice resort and only 30 minutes to Punta Cana airport.I would consider going back some day.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome My husband and I went to punta cana and stayed in the Rui Naiboa for our honeymoon! Everything about this resort was amazing, we always recomend this place to our friends and anyone who asks. We both can't wait to go back for our anniversary! Im so excited to see boom boom he is part of the entertainment at the hotel and he was the best person you will ever meet there, so if you are ever there seek him out and befreind him. All I can say about this resort is it was the best place I have ever been! If you plan on going somewhere go here for sure!!!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Travel Tips for you Riu Naiboa Resort in Punta Cana was very clean and has a friendly staff. After reading a few reviews we were a little scared to go there. But we were all pleasantly surprised. We had 4 adults and 3 teenagers in our group (kids were 17, 17 and 13). The staff kept the kids busy with activites such as archery, darts, volleyball, water aerobics, etc. (the adults were also involved with these events). Some things to consider bringing with you on your trip: electrical adapter, bring several small bottles of water (you can purchase there for 1.00 ea) bring yellow live strong bracelets as everyone will want one, the locals really prize them. Bring snacks - the more the better. Snack items are very expensive to purchase. Examples: Candy bar 2.00, small bag of gummy bears 6.50. Bring lots of one dollar bills, you will need them for tipping. The maids love to get small gifts such as jewelry, lotions, etc. and a few dollars each day, you will in return have ornate towel arrangements and flowers in your room. Make reservations for your 2 meals out early in the week, as the times and days fill up quickly. The beach was great - and the pool area was clean, big and lots of chairs. You do not need to bring beach towels as they supply them each day there. Our only negative was that we would never go over Easter again as the hotel filled up with local people making it very noisy and crowded.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bronzegodess
<Content>A Great Week!!! Just returned from a week at the Naiboa. Played the Riu Riulette and ended up at the Naiboa but since you can use the other facilities, it didnt really matter. Other people seem to complain that the Naiboa isn't beach front and perhaps the rooms are a bit small but how much time are people actually spending in their rooms? When I am on vacation, especially in a tropical setting, why would I want to be in my room any more than I need to be? And the short walk to the beach does a body good (after drinking and eating all day long!!). My room was small but clean. My fridge was stocked daily. The first morning I realized my phone and TV werent working and someone fixed them immediately. The food was decent. I wasnt expecting 5 star Toronto restaurant food and I wasnt disappointed. There was a good variety to choose from. I was careful with my food choices and never felt sick once over the week. The pool was great. I did spend alot of time at the Taino pool since it was close to the beach but I laid out by the Naiboa pool for a couple of days. The beach is beautiful. You can walk and walk along the white sand in either direction for a really long time. The water was a pretty turquoise colour.The bars were fine as well. The disco was okay - not really a fan of having to pay for drinks but they werent that expensive. It was fun having locals to dance with - they are happy to show you their moves!The staff was fantastic. From the wait staff to bartenders to animation - they work hard for their money. They definately deserve any extra tips along with a big thanks!!It was a super week and good value for the money it cost. We enjoyed ourselves and wouldn't hesitate about returning again!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zifful
<Content>Loved it! Best Vacation Ever! We stayed at the RIU Naiboa March 11-18 and hated to leave. My wife and I celebrated our 26th wedding anniversary in style on St. Patrick's Day with the help of the staff at the resort. Like so many others, we were concerned after reading some of the negative reviews. All we can say is that we didn't get sick, the place was very clean, the staff was very friendly and helpful, the food was good, the drinks were as strong or as weak as you wanted them and we have recommended it to all of our friends. The beach is beautiful white sand and there was no problem wading into the surf. A true tropical paradise. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise with a few Problems First of all, I will give you the context of who the people are who are writing this review. I am 23 years old and my boyfriend is 22 years old. We were looking for a fun and warm place to go on a spring vacation, but we were not looking to hit up the typical Spring Break places. We thought Punta Cana would be a nice mixture between a fun nightlife and a quiet, peaceful vacation. We were right!Arrival:After arriving in Punta Cana, we easily made it through customs and headed to our air conditioned tour bus. (We went through Funjet, so I don't think all tours had as nice of busses as ours). After about an hour drive to the various hotel stops that all of the people on our bus were staying, we arrived at the Naiboa. The people at the front desk were very nice, but I would definitely say it helped out that my boyfriend is fluent in Spanish.Room:The room was very quaint. The bed was okay, not wonderful, but really how many hotels have wonderful beds. The maids cleaned our room beautifully everyday (we left them tips daily) and our view from the balcony was first class. Make sure you ask for a room away from the disco, and with a view of the pool.Beach/Pool:The beach was out of this world!!! My boyfriend and I had both been to Mexico twice and those beaches didn't hold a candle. The beach seriously looks like a screen saver. And for those of you who complained about how far away the beach was from the hotel...you must either be 80 years old or extremely lazy. The beach was a short 5 minute walk down Caribe street, past the cute shops...so it was actually a very pleasant walk. As far as the pool, we did not once go in the pool at the Naiboa. Everyday we went to the pool at the Taino (which you can do because you have access to all of the hotel facilities within the Riu complex, except the Palace). The Taino pool was beautiful, right off of the beach, with a beautiful view of the ocean and a swimup bar.Food:Now we weren't going there looking to pig out the whole time, but I still was a little disappointed in some of the food. Breakfast is good, with fresh smoothies and bakery everyday. We ate at the inside restaurant at the Naiboa everyday for breakfast (La Cohiba). For lunch one day we tried the pizzeria on Caribe street, but that was not very good. I would recommend to trying out the mediterranean restaurants and steakhouses, as they are a nice change of pace from the buffets. Each night the buffets have a theme, although a lof of the food is the same. Make sure to hit up the hot food area on the back wall- on the left side, because that is where the local cuisine is and that by far was the best.Entertainment:The entertainment was good. We found the best shows to be at the Bambu-and they have a nice outside ampitheater so for those of you who like your lungs, you don't have to inhale the smoke from the Europeans who are like chimneys. Overall:We did end up getting sick, violently sick for 24 hours. Both throwing up and coming out of the other end. We think it might have been from brushing our teeth with the water, but aren't sure. Only a few other people that we talked to (and we talked to a lot of people) got sick, so maybe it was a fluke. But overall, even with being sick, I'd say that our vacation was wonderful. The weather was 88 and sunny everyday, with a great breeze and there are so many activities to do. We played beach volleyball and I did water aerobics. The list of activities is endless. Oh and one more thing: Take the Bavarro Runners tour. It was awesome. It's an all-day excursion ($80 per person, which was well worth it). You go to a cigar factory, tour an authentic Dominican home in the hills, go to a ranch and have a lunch and ride horses. You get to see all of the countryside and get to see how these people really live. It's a definite must!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TaeAsil11
<Content>The worst vacation ever!!!!!! My husband and i Went to Punta Cana in October, and we stayed at the Riu Naiboa and I can honestly say that this was the worst vacation ever, and we will never stay at this hotel again. First, I will start with our room. It was always clean but it smelled like mildew and the bed was like sleeping on carboard and they only had full size beds which, I could have dealt with if it wasnt so hard and the sheets didnt feel like they were 15 years old and never changed. I do have to say that if you must go here tip the cleaning lady when you first get there and she will take care of you and make you things out of flowers and towels and leave you bottels of water which was nice. We also lost power for half the day and they left the food outside, and served it for lunch. Second we will go with the pools, the peraon who took the pictures for the hotel website should be given a medel for making something that bad look that good. The pools were dirty and had things floating in them, and the hot tub was yellowish looking(i'll leave your minds to work with that one). Thirdly is the beach, it is about a five-ten min. walk from our section of the hotel and looked wonderful, until you got into the water. The bottom of the ocean floor is all coral and you have to walk on it to get out, so def. wear water shoes, then as you are walking out the bottom drops off and you can not stand anymore, my husband is 6'3 and the water was up to his head, so it can be a little dangerous if you can't swim so well. Fourthly was the people, the staff was great most of them spoke some english which was nice considering most of the other people where european and if we heard english spoke twice the entire week it was a lot. Lastly, is the food. Now we read reviews about this place on trip advisior and thought these people are crazy, you make a vacation the way you want it to be. But the other reviews about the food being horrible and unedible was right on. We lived off of RICE, BREAD, and Pizza and you know you are in trouble when english is the third translation on the description card, and somes foods had no english translation. We were willing to try some of the food but after tasting it, rice def was a better and safer option. I hope this helps some people who are considering staying here, but we know we will never go back to this place again. The island itself is beautiful but def. spend some money and stay at a better place, cheap is not always a good thing.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Holiday My friend and I stayed at the Riu Naiboa from Feb. 28th to March 7th, 2005. After a short bus ride from the Punta Cana airport, we were greeted at the Naiboa by a friendly and courteous front desk staff who gave us a quick run-down on the hotel and resort facilities, which was very helpful. The room we were assigned was definitely a 'smoking' room, and our request for a 'non-smoking' was quickly and pleasantly granted. We enjoyed the variety of pools/beach facilities to enjoy. There was never any trouble finding lounge chairs at the pool or the beach, and the bar and restaurant service was very friendly. We found the cuisine definitely catered to European culture and taste (we are Canadian), but we didn't mind sampling different foods, and for the completely unadventurous, there was always a selection of normal North American foods as well. We both experienced some intestinal and stomach problems on the last night (no alcohol or 'strange' food involved), but we quickly recovered after our return home - ALWAYS TAKE AN ANTI-NAUSEA AND AN ANTI-DIARRHEA MEDICATION WITH YOU WHEREVER YOU GO!!! These things can happen anywhere (even at home), so don't blame the resort. All in all we had a great time, and will cherish our memories of the Riu Naiboa for years to come.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice My girlfriend and I went to the Riu Naiboa from 2/21-2/25. I still can't understand how people can complain about a vacation package that is at the Riu resort. After reading a lot of negative reviews I was a little concerned. Those concerns went out the window the second we walked into our hotel, the Riu Naiboa. This was a beautiful hotel and the resort is as well. The Beaches were georgeous and a short walk from the Naiboa. The rooms were cleaned and stocked with boos, beer, soda and drinking water daily. There was food served around the clock at all hotels, so if you wanted food while at the beach you just walked to the nearest hotel snack bar, which is next to the beach. As far as the all inclusive drink deal, the liquor is not top shelf, but satisfactory and the beer is Dominican beer, but that was just fine with me. Who can complain about an endless supply of alcohol? The buffets are not five star dining, but it is good  plentiful. If you want a notch better on the food, then all you need to do is get up in the morning and make a reservation for one of the theme restaurants. They were very good. My only complaint was that while I was down there the jacuzzi was out of order. It was no big deal because there was plenty to do. Anyway, we had a great time and I will definitely be going back again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good vacation I read many reviews before going on this trip and realized people only write in if they hated it or loved it. I thought it was a good vacation for the money. The food was very americanized. They served fish or chicken, fresh fruit, vegetables, bread and ice cream at every meal. I guess I didn't expect cuisine from a 5 star restaurant, because I didn't pay for that. After a week, you are tired of the same old choices but that's not much of a surprise. As far as the water, you can't drink the water on most islands besides they provided bottled water for you 24-7. The staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. I didn't see one mosquito or insect the entire time I was there. If you plan to take your kids be prepared for them to see many topless women all shapes and sizes.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise After reading some reviews, I was very concerned about taking the trip after all. People were warning of malaria and Norwalk, but I decided it was paid for so why not try. It was a very pleasant surprise. Although the drive from the gates showed plenty of breeding grounds for the mosquitoes, my friend and I only received one bite apiece and that was before we got into the lobby. Check in was a breeze. The rooms are tiny but who stays in the room anyway? The grounds were fair, reasonably manicured(not like Cancun, though), and kept clean. The facilities were just fine. The food was varied, not spectacular but not lousy either. The drinks were abundant and served with alot of personality. I had heard the alcohol was watered down but this was not the case. The staff, some of whom spoke four languages fluently, were eager to please and very accomodating. The beach was gorgeous but its hard to ruin a beautiful tropical beach with fine, soft sand and lots of lounge chairs. The shopping was very overpriced for souvenirs but at least you could get anything you needed without having to leave the resort. There were lots of Germans and Italians and very few Americans. I loved it. After all, I travel for new experiences, not to meet someone from home. I would do it again in a heartbeat and I would stay at the Naiboa instead of paying more for the other accomodations available on the property.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jctraveler
<Content>We loved it We have been to the Naiboa from Feb 06th till 19th. We loved it, had two beautiful weeks and can not wait to go back.The staff of the Naiboa is so friendly and if you ask friendly you will get everything. We had a room in the 4th floor facing backwards. It was allways clean, quiet and no ugly smell. But I now the rooms in the northern part may get the smell from the wastwater treatement. A couple who came with us had that problem and moved to a beautiful poolview room on the second day. Food was good and everyday something a little different. It is a hotel for and international mixture of guests and not a deli restaurant. So I would never expect super special tasting food. I prefered the antipasti and the fish and I think I did not have any meat during the two weeks of our stay as the vegetables are good. I did not gain weight although I had warm lunch and dinner but no dessert except fruits. I love the atmosphere of the Naiboa which is like family. We have been to the Taino and the Bambo too. The Taino is nice too. The Bambu is to big and crowded for me as I am not a party person and the palace looks like a sanatorium to me. If you expect T-Bone Steaks, Bud Beer and all Amerikan Breakfast. Don麓t go. And if you do not like the Naiboa you will never like europe and normal european food as well. And yes - I got the stomachproblem in the last night. But as I had prepared my stomache before coming to the DR with Perenterol - a yeast based natural medicine - it lasted only one night and I flew home the next day without any problems. I think extensive drinking is the main reason for stomache problems. I had too much Calpi that night. And a lot of Amerikans and Canadians I saw came walking along the beach with a beer or something stronger even in the midday sun. I never had alcohol befor sunset. Weather was windy and some stronger currents mad snorkeling nearly impossible. But the rest was perfect and the staff of scuba caribe is very kind and friendly to. We did the sunset cruise with them. With musik on the boat and had so much fun. I think we are selfresponsable for what our holiday get like. Go and make the best of it.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>klem1
<Content>Wonderful Resort Spent February 18-21 at Riu Naiboa and was concerned about the resort from all the previous reviews. I was very impressed with the resort and the way Riu runs their operations. The food was above average that I have experienced at other all inclusives and the hotel and grounds were absolutely beautiful. The beach at Punta Cana is wonderful. To be able to share the fother Riu resorts is a real plus and I did not see any sickness at any time. The buffet was well presented and I had no concerns about the food at all. I feel that I got excellent value for the money and would love to return to any of the Riu resorts at Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dr.Martini
<Content>It's all true After visiting the Riu Playacar my father and I thought that the Naiboa looked like a great deal and great fun. We decided to stay at the Naiboa because it was way less then all the other hotels and only a short walk. The walk was very short and wasn't any trouble. We arrived late on a Friday night and got room 2267 which over looked the sewage treatment plant and it smelled awful!! It also kept us awake because the noise from the compressors kicked on and off throughout the night. We did move the next day and laughed because we moved across the hall and saw everyone move out of that room everyday. Our new room overlooked the pool and was great. Now the truth!! The mini-bar was always full and the room was always clean, the beach was stunning, and we played volleyball for hours. The food is god awful with no variety and the booze is absolute crap. The beer is awful and the wine had head on it (yuck). The only thing I can say about the booze was they made strong drinks. Back to the food, by far the worst food I've seen. One night they had carved Pork which was bloody!! And they wonder why people are getting sick!! Lunch, Dinner, Breakfast was the WORST part of the day. The evening entertainment is below average. We went to the Bambu every night because the Naiboa is a sweat box little room for lots of people. The Bambu has a beautiful outdoor theatre that looks just like the Playacar. The daily events were not great so I wouldn't take young kids. ALMOST EVERYONE was sick. People were dropping like flies, we met more sick people then healthy people. It got so bad our tour company (Sunquest) were shipping new visitors to other hotels!!! Lastly the Pacha disco is no great party. It starts getting busy around 1am and is filled with dirty old men and pimps trying to help you out... (put 1and 1 together and dirty old men and young girls!!) no lie!! I got approached about paying for a little lovin'. Over all I wouldn't send anyone to this set of Riu hotels. The Riu Managment knew there was a problem and had Doctors and cleaning ladies everywhere, so I am not saying they didn't try, but the Doctors were the biggest crooks of all. I wish I had shares in that Doctors buisness. Upward of $2000 bills were being issued. Do yourself a favour, go to Riu in the Mexico (Playa Del Carman) It kicks this hotels butt in every way....   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>second visit We just returned from the Naiboa on January 24th. When we arrived at the resort, they had no record of our reservations. We were a group of 4 and there was another group of 4 that they had no reservations for either. I asked for a courtesy room until they figured out what to do with us and I was given one right away. This and the room next to it ended up being our rooms. We were given them at 3:00pm which is the check in time. They were on the first floor and very convient to everything. There were some problems with the rooms. The patio doors wouldn't lock and one room wasn't cleaned and there were no towels or bedspreads. The one tv didn't work. The staff addressed these problems right away and we were happy with the location untill midnight. Apparently the animation staff cut threw these halls after the bar closed and they were very noisy. At dinner, one of the people in charge ( I think her name is Cathy) asked if our rooms were ok. When I told her about the noise, she offered to move us the next day. Everyone else in my party said they didn't want to move. So, we all just heard the noise and fell back to sleep. Occasionally when we returned from the beach to get ready for dinner, we noticed a sewer smell in our rooms. We opened the doors and the patio door for a while and the smell disappeared. Someone from the front desk called us one day and asked if everything was ok in our rooms and sent 2 bottles of rum up to us. We enjoyed ourselves even though the beds were as hard as a rock. The last day we were there, the sewer odor was very bad in our rooms. We left for the day and when we returned to get ready for dinner, my daughter was very sick. She hadn't felt good all day. We spent 5 hours in the bathroom together. Around 11:00pm she was finally able to get into bed. I checked on her a few minutes later and her room smelled so bad like sewer gases that I asked Cathy if she could be given another room for the night. She was very kind and asked if we needed the doctor and gave us another room for her to sleep in. We left the next morning. I found the staff at the Naiboa to be very helpful even though they don't speak much English and I don't speak any Spanish. We stayed there in June 2002 and returned this January 2005 with 2 other people. I don't think the resort is to blame for the illness that is going around. I never got sick at all. My husband got sick the day we came home. My daughters friend that was with us was mildly sick the third day we were there. When we returned home I found out that alot of people around here have the same illness. We ate all of the different kinds of food and drank the water at the resturants and sampled many different drinks. We used the bottled water to brush our teeth. If it were something at the resort, we would have all gotten it and I have been fine.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burnice
<Content>AWESOME! I am so sick of reading these peoples ridiculas reviews that complain. You complainers must be VERY hard to please! My husband and I, and 1 other couple were here from Jan. 14th - Jan. 21st. This was our 4th year to Punta Cana. EVERYONE we talked to around beach, hotel etc. loved it. There were some idiots saying they just wanted to go home to their Chili's restaurant or go home to get a Budweiser! How stupid!! Then stay home. You can get Bud beer at Manati Park, and if you couldn't find something on the buffets to eat your pathetic. And everyday is NOT the same, Sat. Tues. and Thurs. are theme days. ALL day at the grills bars etc. cheeses, pastries, pork chops, chicken, hot dogs pizza! Their hamburgers are a little different, but I eat so much of that at home so I don't go there for a hamburger. If you are willing to go to a different culture then you should know you will be trying a wide different variety. The hotel is very clean, people there were nicer then anyone back here in Michigan! The safari was so educational and fun, and Manati Park was a Blast! as usual. There's things to do there besides sit all day, sleep or get drunk. You can take a bus to Santa Domingo and see Christopher Columbus' son's palace, the cathedrals, where the pirates were shot at with thieir cannons the amber museum. There's also the shopping Plaza just 10 minutes from the resort. It's like a mall. These people who critisize this place or hotel are very odd people, I suggest Magic Kingdom at Disney World for these people until they grow up and appreciate this. I was first at the Allegro, then at the Breezes, then last year we went to Grand Paradise Baravo, now this year the Rui Naiboa. We watched for deals through Funjet and got $699.99 for the whole week. Always go through funjet with your travel agent, I've found they are even cheaper then Apple sometimes. And for these people getting sick. IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME!!!!! Plus people just don't use common sense. Why would you eat the cold cuts outside in the heat and take a chance when you can eat something hot and cooked or a salad etc. Do you get water in your mouth while showering or brushing your teeth? I honestly think the airplanes bring these ailments back and forth all day everyday. Anyway, I came back home to all my neighbors sick with the flu. Its all over, not just the carribean. Eat lots of cheeses, oatmeals and eggs every breakfast, and build your immune system up next time before leaving for your trip. Thats what we do. We never get sick. I will be back next year . I miss Boob-Boom, Nacho, and Felix already! If anyone has any questions feel free to e-mail me at lindaanddon@comcast.net  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Violently ill Stayed at the Riu - Jan. 04 to Jan. 11. Something is very wrong at this hotel!!! My girlfriend became violently ill on the 4th day of the trip. Shakes, diarrhea, and vomiting! She was ill for the remainder of the vacation, the flight home, and a week after. Within 24 hours of returning home, I experienced the same sudden and violent illness which put me out of action and on a liquids-only diet for 5 days! Everything seemed so good but it was the un-seen that got us. We drank very little alcohol, ate smartly, only drank and brushed with bottled water, and washed our hands with soap frequently. We were so careful!!! After doing some extensive research, it seems likely the food was contaminated by the kitchen environment or personnel. The beach is beautiful, the locals friendly, grounds gorgeous, etc... but... yes but, it's these vividly negative memories of being so ill that taints it all. We wasted our hard earned cash and our precious vacation time. This was the second time staying in a Riu Hotel and may likely be the last since I have lost confidence in their ability to take care of their guests and live up to their credo. We never thought it would happen at a Riu.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blue225599
<Content>Great Vacation We were there from 1-17-05 till 1-21-05 and had a great time. Our room was always clean and the bed was comfortable. Beautiful beach and pool at all the Riu resorts. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. As for every all-inclusive hotel, the food was the same at all meals. We did the theme restaurants twice and greatly enjoyed them. This vacation is definitely worth it for the price!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WearyVacationer
<Content>Diarrhoea Haven My husband and I traveled to the RIU Naiboa along with my brother in law and his wife on December 7/04 - December 14/04. We all became VERY ill on this horrific trip. I was the first to get sick after a day and a half of being there, my husband was second, then my sister in law and brother in law. I have travelled to the Carribean before and had travellers diarrhoea but this was much much worse. My husband and I were unable to leave our room for 3 days, all we did was vomit, sleep and well, you know. My sister in law was hospitalized for two days due to severe dehydration and when we requested that the Doctor come to our rooms for a check up, he refused, so we had to make our way to the clinic ourselves in our weak state. The first diagonosis that was given to us was that we must have gorged ourselves with food and drink and therefore caused an upset stomach. The second was maybe the malaria meds we were taking caused our illness. Needless to say we were extremely unhappy with our so called vacation and afriad to eat or drink anything else after that. This was the first vacation we had been on where we actually lost weight. We were out of pocket for about $450.00 CAD in medical bills and my brother in law approx. $2,000 CAD. We had to cancel excursions we had booked because we were so ill. Out of the four of us I was the only one to relapse after we came home and suffered through three more days of stomach cramps and diarrhoea for which I lost another 8 pounds. The staff who came to know us seemed genuinely concerned. We had a meeting with the Director of the hotel re our experience and have never heard from him. Our vacation representative told us that about 10% of her vactioners had also fallen ill that week. For all the great things I had heard about RIU resorts before going on our trip re the accomodations and food we thought the food that was offered to us was substandard and left uncovered for the flies to feast. The rooms were not that clean and the thin bedspreads and flat pillows made for and uncomfortable nights sleep. There was a foul, sewage like smell that came up from the pipes in the bathroom which made it almost impossible to tollerate but when you're sick like that you have no choice. With everything in the news lately about the other RIU resort in Puerto Plata, I'm surprised that what happened to us and everybody else at the Naiboa hasn't been addressed. Very dissapointed, and I don't think we will ever return to the D.R. Very sad, it should have been a great trip.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gjonago
<Content>Left a bad taste in our mouth Hotel Rooms were almost as bad as the food. We were there last year and enjoyed it, but this year was quite different. The elevators smelt like diesel oil and we were not warned beforehand that there was a virus there. Most of the 65 people we were with, had the virus for 2 days or more. I have to say the staff and waiters are great , but there are not enough of them. Don't think we will be back to Naiboa for awhile.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dirty hotel. This was our 3rd year staying at the Riu Naiboa with a group of 65 friends in our home town. This year there seemed to be a lack of staff in every department, housekeeping, waiters and entertainment. The food was so-so in the past, but this year it was terrible! Example was grilled corn that was really field corn used to feed cattle. 50 of our people got a stomach virus resulting in days lost due to cramps, throwing up and diarrhea. If you need a high colonic and lose some weight, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst vacation ever Hotel staff was friendly but not much else good to say. Family of 4 from Dec 17 to 24. Rooms were not very clean, thin bedspreads were used as blankets and had not been washed for a very long time. Terrible virus going through hotel, doctor on sight said at least 300 people were sick. We all got so sick I thought this must be what it is like to die. I lost 10 pounds, my son 15 pounds and my daughter 7 pounds and we are by no means big people. Everyone we spoke to was either sick or members of their group sick. Talked to a family today and their boys still have diarrhea. We spoke to management to give them suggestions such as washooms needing to be thoroughly cleaned with bleach and buffet needed to be dished out by staff for a while to help stop the spread of germs but nothing was done. In fact, we saw a staff member actually put his hands inside the milk dispenser to fix itl The beds were so hard and uncomfortable, not hard as in firm but hard and in sleeping on a piece of sheetmetal. This made all the days we had to stay in the room in bed so much worse. We wanted to fly home early but Sunquest would have charged $450 per person even though there was room. The entertainment was at best low budget.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED it Just for fun, I thought I would see what the reviews of this hotel were. My husband and I went there 2 years ago and had the time of our lives...the atmosphere was electric and the weather beautiful....to some this place might not be up to their high standards, but I say if you want that, go somewhere rich....for the middle class crowd it was just what the doctor ordered. For dinners you have to wear appropriate clothing, like long pants for the guys, but if that offends you...don't go...at least they have some sort of dress code to make it nice for everyone....the food was so-so...but it was liveable. So if you happen to think you are a 'highclass American, don't go, you won't like it....if you happen to be easy-going and just want good weather, nice people, nice water, beautiful beach, then go, you will have fun!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SZ1886
<Content>Beautiful place My husband and I were at the RIU Naiboa from Nov 25-Dec 9 and had a wonderful time. After the first night we upgraded our room because we were facing the back of the resort looking at what looked to be a sewage treatment plant. We asked for a room facing the pool and that wasn't a problem. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. There was a good selection of foods. They have 3 ala cartes and 1 big smorg dining room. You are given the same table every night which at first we thought wasn't great but once we got into it it really is a great thing. You have the same waiter the whole time who you get to know and he or she gets to know you. Our guy Felix would see us come through the door and by the time we got to our table our wine was there. On the day we were leaving he had a table set with hibiscus flowers all over it and our orange juice there. Just those litlle things make it special. The little walk to the beach is along Caribbean Street which has little shops along the way. You can't barter in these shops but there is a flea market down the beach for that. The pool is nice but it was too hot around there because there wasn't a breeze like down at the beach. We found the resort lacked entertainment so we walked a alot. There is a walkway along the beach that is lit up at night and it takes you to the other RIU resorts. We will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pack wisely When our driver pulled up to the front steps of the Naiboa my husband said, Oh my God, I hope this isn't our hotel. The trip digressed from there. We were informed that we would be unwelcome to dine at the dinner buffet due to the fact that as Floridians and frequent Carribean travelers we felt no need to bring fine dress clothes, particularly long pants on a three day jaunt. This news was given to us as the mait're d graciously accepted a $10.00us bribe which I thought would minimally get us terrace seating for the lousy buffet, but apparently my husbands choice of a starched, collared shirt with starched, pleated dress shorts was deemed offensive enough to have us whisked away to the steak house. There were four or five offerings on the menu and none were edible. The meat was off the USDA charts, and was unidentifiable. The broccoli had become rancid before it had been cooked. We went to bed hungry, fighting over Cheese Puffs. [ 'Honey, where are the Cheese Puffs?  You told me not to pack the Cheese Puffs You said you were anyway. Well, you said not to., etc. So the next day we were off in a cab in search of a supermarket. No such luck. We did, however manage to get ripped off in town. No big deal. We were at a little tiki bar at the shopping plaza and had a few beers. I asked the bartender to bring us a round and to get the guy next to us one, as well. The moral of this story is not to pay up front. What a scene! We just left. We heard that if the locals get caught cheating tourists the police just beat them up. I certainly was not that attached to that six or seven dollars. The day was not a complete failure. We made it back with three cartons of cigarettes ($7.50us each), a case of beer, and a couple bags of ice. Thank God I had the forethought to pack a couple bottles of wine. There is no alcoholic beverage at any of the RIU resorts that is drinkable. They don't even stock their own local decent quality rum. Incidentally, we bought enough of that in town to choke a large horse (Brugal). Probably about ten bottles. The entire purchace came to something like $87.00us. It offset the pricey cabfare. So not that we felt that we were missing out on their rotten dinner buffet, it's that there are no other choices. All the hotels are all inclusive, and there are no restaurants or bars in Punta Cana. We were at the mercy of our captors, and we are unaccustomed. Furthermore, if the dinner buffet can be judged on the merits of the breakfast buffets, we feel the most appropriate attiree would be a straight jacket. So that night we polished off the pistachios and what was left of the Raisinettes' and resumed the arguement about the Cheese Puffs. By the third night I'd had enough' so at about 6:30pm I called to discuss our plight and beg. I was assured there was indeed no problem, and we were welcome to the buffet at 10:00pm after it closed down. We went to bed hungry again. (fell asleep waiting). The customer service in this hotel is so poor. I called the front desk to borrow an iron. They said to come get it. I asked if they could please bring it to my room. They finally conceded, but the rule is a thirty minute time limit because of the problem of guests stealing the irons. I was thinking they might screen their employees a little more closely. Also, the male employees make crude sexual jestures and comments to female guests. I am no prude, but I found their behavior offensive. Overall, the grounds are beautiful, the hotel is clean, the rooms are clean and in excellent condition, yet modest. The beach is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen. Unfortunately Punta Cana and RIU resorts in particular are BORING. The high point of that little trip is that we lost a few pounds. We are going back to theD.R. next month, but we prefer Puerta Plata. More culture, better art, actual restaurants! Please, if you are considering going to a RIU resort, and are male; take a pair of long pants. They can be jeans, dirty, torn. You can even accessorize with a Harley Tshirt and skull cap. Just stay away from Tommy Bahama, Pussers',etc. ,you know, typical resort wear. If you forget your long pants there is no where topurchase clothing. I have no idea where they get it. I was so happy to get out of that place. I even checked out early to accommodate another guest whose luggage was placed outside my door. My husband and I joked that they probably used that one red suitcase to encourage guests to move out early, and just moved it from room toroom to give the hint. So we sat three hours on the front steps. I called the transfer co. who said not to worry. They were running late. One hour later I called and the woman denied ever having spoken to me and said I had better jump in a cab quickly and they would meet me at the airport to pay the cab. Yeah, right. They actually met me at the counter, but ,of course, I'd already paid the cab. No reimbursement. So what! As far as I was concerned it was $36.00 well spent. Much to our astonishment, about two months later we received a credit for the unused transfer from Vacation Express. I have no idea how they even knew. Amazing.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as it looks Most of the staff was real nice, they cater  enjoy the Euro traveler much better, they do not like americans as much as they have you think, the staff at the front desk speaks couple of languages, english is one of them but they do not like to speak it , the resort Riu naiboa, do not expect washclothes, do not drink or brush teeth with tap water ,as for me I took antibiotics for a couple days before I left to go D.R, I did not get sick ,As for their alcohol you should take your own I'm not a drinker maybe one a week,but let me tell you you could drink all day  not get a high at the bars riu naiboa, we visit all the riu resorts all the same so if you still are going go for the cheapest It makes no difference,from the palace to the Naiboa all the same my ,advice no matter where I go never will I stay at RIU RESORTS, I have travel carribean quite a few times D.R. is one of my least favorite,J AMAICA is my favorite,not saying don't go but for myself D.R. is not going to get a repeat visit .  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon at Naiboa       The Pool  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Awesome Spot We went in March/04. Our neice got married there and it was a wonderful time for all. The staff, food and drinks were great, and the weather and water were beautiful. Take sunscreen, most days it feels like you don't need it, but you do. It is a must see and we will positively go back to experience this again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I want to go back!!! Just got back on June 1. Absolutely loved it!!! It is a great change of pace from the typical American resort. When you are there you really feel like you are in a different country. Everything is authentic and the people are so hospitable. The air does work, but the room only gets to about 75/74 because it is hot there all day, all year round. The grounds are absolutey gorgeous and the pool is huge. If you are an American the drinks will taste different to you because they use their alcohol, its not imported. This is definately the place to go if you want to relax and get away. If you are looking for non stop action go to Cancun. Don't worry about any of the negative reviews, I am a very picky traveler and I was extremely delighted.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Naiboa Very pretty surroundings, just got back 5/31/04. Not very impressed with the rooms. It was 4 of us. 2 adults, 1 16 yr old and 1 11 old. They put us in a small room with 2 twin beds and a double. Had to wear long pants at dinner and shirts at breakfast and lunch, which meant that we had 1 restaurant to chose from that would accept our carribean attire, considering it was 100 degrees. We always go all inclusive, never had these rules before. The bar staff was the best, Alexander 'I'll be back!, arsenio, miguel and jose were the best. Treated us like family. Shows were good, elevators small, ac not very cool. Slow with refilling the soda's in the mini bar. Same food all week. Drinks never quite frozen. Too far to walk to the beach and bathrooms were also a walk. Not enough seats at the pool. Pool at taino was nice as well as bambo. Beach was great once you got there. Snorkeling great, parasailing great! The staff was so pleasant and kind and very sweet to our girls. Got hugs and kisses when we left and met many nice people from england and germany. Will try another resort closer to the beach next time.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Rui Naiboa, but a few things could be better... OK, after hunting forever, we decided on going to the Rui Naiboa in March of 2004. We decided on this locale for a couple of reasons - cost and to avoid the Spring Break Crown. My GF and I are 27 and 30 for reference. First impressions was that this place was beautiful. The grounds are kept in great shape and the rooms are clean. The staff is mostly very friendly, Nirson at the bar by the pool was great! You do have a walk to the beach, but that is fine - it was nice to stretch your legs.They do have a casino, but it is more of a room with gambling. Very small. They dealers were inexperience and you had to be careful as their math skills were lacking. Food was decent, nothing great. A definite European feel to it. We gained enough weight, anyhow. Drinks were good if you like tropical rum drinks. Beer and wine are only the local varities and are average at best. We are considering a resort with premium drinks next time since we like to imbibe a good bit on our trips. One other complaint, we had 2 twin beds in our rooms that must have came from a dorm somewhere. They were hard plastic. But, we were usually drunk enough to sleep through. Our backs did kill us by the end of the week. Must be getting old!!Overall, I would recommend the resort as the staff, great beach and weather makes it worth the while. For the price that we paid (800pp for six days with airfare), you cannot beat it!!  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Timers  We are very picky travelers and this was our first trip like this anywhere. We loved this place. The plane down was small  cramped but it was good. Nice attendents,now for the resort. Opon arrivel at the airport have a pen handy, you have to fill out at amll paper  they have done to let you use. Once you get tru that a man helped us find our bus and the guy from apple vacation was a blast, he entertained us and gave use some good advice. Listen to him!! Then when we got to the resort the people there go way out of their way to be helpful  very freindly!! They had several people there from apple to help get us our room # and imfo about meals and they give you this great drink while you wait your turn. Room was nice, nothing fancy but your only in it sleep believe me. Fresh water everyday(cause you can't drink their water)Everything you need is a very short walking distance, the beach is a short jot away, with little stores along the way. It looks like a shopping street, very colorful. You can go into any of the five resort hotels for breakfeast  lunch. No money needed ( take some x-tra ones for tips) Just get what you want. And I mean the food was great, alot to choose from, but the diner time buffet was out of this world!!! Some of the best food I've had. Italian, salads, chicken, breads. Things for even the picky eaters, cuase I'm one. Something always going on at the pool, games, fashion show, arobics!! So much fun. The beaches are keep clean.Remember that you can go topless there, beach  poolside. We got to see a night show at one of the hotels on the beach, dancing  drums!! They tell you at your first morning there in a group setting the rules, listeb to them!! Take some ones cause you do want to tip in your waiter  bellhops  room maids. We waited til the end of our stay to leave the girl who cleaned our room, we heard the do a x-tra better job  leave flowers on your bed. And we left waiters $3(cause that is what we leave here when we go out ) ANd that is a very poor country. But they are not happy if your not having a good time. They bend over backwards to make your stay the best. I don't think we would pick another restort or one of the other hotels within the Riu chain. Any help just ask!! HAve a great time!!   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect honeymoon In one word:fantastic.The employees are friendly and they do everything to make you having a good time.Only the bed's are hard and oncomfortable,but that is gone when you compare the rest of it.We were there for our honeymoon from 21-04-2004 to 29-04-2004 and when we were back in holland we went to our travelagent for booking an new holiday.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Paradise on Earth! We were at the Riu Naiboa from Jan 29 - Feb 4, 2004 and had a fantastic time. Aside from our plane getting in late (Sunquest, yuck) the hotel staff were extremely helpful, friendly, and just great people. Our room was nice, but at the far end of the building. My birthday was the 30th, and we had gone down for breakfast (which was superb!). By the time we got back, our room was made up . . . and they had decorated the room with balloons, streamers, and had Happy 35th Birthday on the bed. My wife didn't mention anything, no did I to the hotel staff - they did it all on their own. I gave our chambermaid a $5 tip - she was our best friend all week (most hotel staff make $90/mth). Dinners were full of great choices. We went to the Mediterranean restaurant one night (ok) and the Grill Steakhouse (yum) another. The other nights were at the restaurant within the Naiboa. They had theme nights which were great, great music at the door, and very friendly staff. Castillo is the maitre'd there and was very cool. All seating is assigned, and they have a limited amount of tables outside, we slipped him a $5 and we had a table for two outside for the whole week (whether we went or not!) The beach was INCREDIBLE! I have never seen such a beautiful place. Sure it was a 2-3 min walk from the beach, but once you get there, you don't want to come back home. Lots of activities, lots of food. Try the parasailing it's an expensive, but great ride. Don't worry about getting up super early to reserve your beach chairs at the pool, they don't allow it. There's plenty of room and plenty of chairs to go around. We used the Riu Taino's pool and restaurant for part of the day, but spent the end part of our day at the Naiboa's pool (big and quiet!) The highlight of our trip was the Animacion staff (activities) around the pool. They had games, contests, dance lessons, Spanish lessons, you name it - all day long. Eduardo is the manager (and he's a fabulous guy) as well as Kelvin and Sergio. These guys are tons of fun. If you're going there, Eduardo loves root beer. He's never had it before, but he loves it. Take a few plastic bottles of your favourite root beer and give it to him, he'll be your best friend the entire time you're there. Tell him that Dave Blonkito from Winnipeg, Canada told you.You won't regret going to the Riu Naiboa, it's a great value and a great place to stay. The Riu Taino is a little nicer and closer to the beach, so if you want a little nicer room and a shorter walk stay there.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just great My wife and I spent two weeks at the Naiboa,Feb3 to17.The food was very good,lots to drink,very good and hard working help.It rained on the day we left,every other day sunny and warm. Weare planning to go back next year.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VERY NOISY PLACE, NO SLEEP AT NIGHT I was at the Riu Naiboa for Christmas and New Year 2003. I have'nt sleep more than 3 hours per night... it's simply impossible to sleep there. And the director did nothing to stop the noise. Much people from every where (America, Canada, Europe) were complaining, some of them with small children who can't sleep... Believe me, this place is the hell. Don't go there, except if you don't care about the noise... And the beach is absolutly crowdy... You just have 2 or 3 inches between your chair and the chair of the stranger beside you... Have a good trip, but not at this place...  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The critic compares and reviews. Here again to give you review of the Naiboa and compare this hotel to the Riu chain in Mexico. Just got back from 2 weeks at the Naiboa. Wanted a reasonably inexpensive hotel to relax and unwind. Usually like day trips and water sports but was really tired and just wanted to hang out on the beach.Stayed in Puerta Plata around 15 years ago and d/t illness vowed never to go back but this plce came recommended and the price was right. Did my homework on the net and liked the Riu chain from experience. Naiboa is nice-average 4 star hotel,nice rooms,reallyclean,food good. Even though off the beach you can walk 5 minutes to other hotels in the complex, eat there and sun on their beach.Pool is nice and definitely the quietest.Staff is the nicest we've ever met EVER! The beach is fantastic, lot's of palms,clear water,sun(only rained once during dayx10 min) MINUSES: sick twice despite watching out for certain foods and water.Bring immodium and if you have kids buy bottled water and lot's of food from home.(ppl were at front desk getting oral thermometers) Boring place if you like day trips. For the life of me I didn't get a feel for the culture here not like other islands. Spanish language,fried plantain...okay but they failed to represent any more of the culture even in the 3 star high school- like productions at night. This is not a place for off hotel experiences.Made in Taiwan trinkets being sold as D.R authenticity yeh! This is not the place to go if you like to experience landand water trips or historical views.NOWRiu Mexico chain ...Stayed at Riu Tequila and Palace. Same set up really but offer alot more in terms of appearance, culture, food and ALOT MORE to do!!! More expensive but highly worth the difference in price. Food much better, more variety,drinks more varied with liquers (you do not get in Dominican). Alot more culture too. Mayan Ruins, Cancun,ecological parks with shows and snorkelling, better shopping,town of playa del carmen you can walk to etc..etc.. Punta Cana is sheer isolation.Riu Palace BLOWS AWAY DOMINICANS Palace hotel. There is just no comparison!!!!! My advice if you are trying to decide where to go? Punta Cana if you are on a budget, just want to have a good time, grab some of the unexciting trips, get drunk, meet members of the opposite sex or whatever. It's a nice place,your typical all inclusive hotel.Like I said the beaches are alot nicer than Mexico's and the people alot freindlier. Mexico however has ALOT more to do, more culture, hotel food much better, hotels even though 4  5 star are nicer. And for God Sake IF YOU ARE GOING TO GET MARRIED PLEASE PLEASE do yourself a favor and go to the Palace in Mexico...spend the money. You will look back and thank yourself it's soooooo much more classy than the D.R unless you want topless sweaty ppl. watching you on a crowded beach!!!!!!!!!My personal choice is good bye D.R had a nice time but going back to Mexico next year.Oh ya we walked the beach in D.R for an hour and found the Riu chain one of the nicest. Other nice hotels in the D.R are the Grand Paradise and Breezes.Beside us was the Princess which sucked. Hope this helps a bit. Want more on Domican? I found alot on Debbies Dominican Travel. Have a great vacation where ever you choose. That's the whole point right?   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect spot for us :) :)We were 2 females travelling for rest, relaxation and fun and this proved to be just a great place for us. We were so close to all that was important to us, the beach, the bar, and the disco. We had a great time. The room was fine, but we switched the second day as we were staying for 2 weeks and did not want to face the parking lot...no problem. It would have been great if we could have made our wake up coffee in our room, as we very rarely made it down to breakfast which ended at 10 am. The buffets hit on every palatte, so no complaints there. We stayed away from salads, creamy cold dishes, ice cubes and pina coladas and neither one of us got sick at all. El Presidente beer is just great stuff !! The snorkeling on the reef in front of the Riu Taino was super...watch when the tide leaves though...usually around noon...you'll feel it pull you out with it. I played all of my volleyball at the beach by the Riu Melao, as our hotel never seemed to get a game going, but at the beach I easily played 2 times a day (11 am and 4 pm) I recommend that you change your money to pesos and don't do it all at once as the rates change quite a bit. Tipping or giving some small gifts is greatly appreciated by the staff, we know it's all inclusive but we enjoyed giving the staff a little extra, and the staff here is second to none. I also recommend that you learn more spanish than I did before you get there, as this hotel had very few english speaking staff members, I got along better with the amount of German that I knew. French also seemed to be pretty common, although not my specialty. Also bring some nice clothes for dining...every-one seems to enjoy wearing very nice outfits at dinner. Wearing my shorts to dinner made me somewhat underdressed. I'll know better next year when we return to the same resort. We took the monster truck safari and would recommend it to all. Be sure to tuck some stuff to give to the children in you luggage. Give it to the tour guide and he will hand it out in front of you. I shopped at the buck or two store and those kids just loved the stuff we gave them...they like candies too. Be sure to check out your entertainment schedule for your own resort, and the nightly shows presented at the other resorts, then maybe you won't miss some cool stuff like we did. (grilled lobster by the pool) Hola to these super staff members: Marcia, Xiomara, Junior, Domingo.....and happy eyes Arsenio, also German, Rafael, Luis, Alexander, Levi, Osvaldo, Romero and Juan Miguel. These staff members are the best (numero uno) Thanks for a wonderful vacation. For people who want more glamour than this...the Riu Bambu was pretty classy...lots of people..bigger resort. We went there for some of the shows at night, but still preferred the staff at our own spot. Pick this spot and you won't regret it.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It All My husband and I stayed there last year from February 14th thru February 20th of 2003. We absolutely loved it! It was our 2nd time there.We are now going again, January 24th thru January 31st, and we're taking our son with us. The resort is beautiful, the food is great, the staff is wonderful. We especially loved the fact that it is family oriented and the activities they plan over the course of the day are unbelievable. We have recommended this to everyone we know.We have traveled extensively in our 6 years together and this is the best we've seen so far, especially the beach. If you try it once, you'll always want to go back, we have, this is our 3rd year going!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Us 2 teens had a blast!!!!! best hotel ever Okay, if your a parent looking for a MINT hotel for you and your teenage kids. This is THE place to go.. not only is teh price right, but honestly... you get MORE then what you pay for. Everyones friendly ... extra friendly ;) and the DISCO rules... the alcohol in the room becomes quite convient too.. on teh nights when nights turninto mornings fast. Beach is unbeileveable... just a tiny short walk... even tolerable on the days with huge hangovers... which is of course.. everyday!!! So pack you bags and leave TODAY!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comparison My family (husband, 2 kids ages 4  6) have inthe past 2 years travelled to the Riu Naiboa and the Riu Tequilla(Mexico) and were overall impressed by th RIU chain. We are considering venturing out and travelling to the Mayan Coast again but considering a different resort. Gala Resort Playacar. Interested in hearing from anyone who has travelled to the Gala after a RIU experience for comparison purposes.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lenchik25
<Content>The best hotel I have ever been in. I have stayed in Riu Naiboa 2 times and both times i had an amazing time. The beach,pool,bars and the rooms are beautiful. The food is great and the intertainment is exellent. The people there friend,kind and very sweet. During my whole vacation there i had an amazing time and planning to go again soon. I have been to many hotels in Punta Cana and Riu naiboa is the best. Trust me on one thing that when you visit this hotel you will never regret it. Riu Naiboa is #1.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed feelings We went to Punta Cana in March 2003 leaving out of JFK. We used apple vacations as our agency and overall, did not have problems with their service. We paid less than $900 for our 1 week all inclusive vacation so we were not expecting luxury. Riu Naiboa was a decent, clean, resort but had a few basic problems. The room felt damp and had a wierd smell. The elevators were non-functional for an entire day and we had to climb up 4 flights of stairs to go to our room. The beach was nice but very crowded. If you like the crowded bustling beaches, then punta cana, especially the Riu, is a place for you. If you want to relax, it probably isnt the right place. Punta Ccana is also 70% europeans, mostly German tourists and they are NOT friendly. They cut in line at buffets and at beachside showers. Also, we witnessed an african american tourist get yelled at in german by a german older guy because he was taking too long at the beachside shower. The older gentlemen then smiled at the lady who was also waiting behind him and gestured to her to use the shower ahead of him. It was such a gross, obvious case of racism and was a sad sight to see... Overall, our vacation could have been a lot more enjoyable but due to these circumstances, it ended up not being so enjoyable. We visited Jamaica, Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, the Bahamas and Aruba and enjoyed our trips to those islands a lot more. Maybe because we felt that generally speaking, amercans were just more polite... I would not recommend Punta Cana unless you can deal with a lot of rudeness and the crowd.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1 word: awesome Wow what a holiday! People were very friendly, beaches were beautiful, food was excellent, rooms were looking good. They have a carribean street with a variety of shops. There is a disco called la Pacha which was awesome and crowded every night. The price you pay is little for all the things you get. A holiday of a lifetime. I can recomend this hotel to everyone!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You won't regret it Wow, what a holiday. Of course after reading some of the reviews, I was a bit worried but I shouldn't have been. This resort was excellent, I can't say enough good things about it.The holiday didn't start off with a bang as I was moved to the Taino for one night. It was kind of a pain but it also allowed me to check out another resort, even if just for 24 hours. The room I stayed in here was nicer than the Naiboa though I don't like the bungalow idea, the rooms were too spread out and hard to find in the dark after a drink or too. The pool was okay, nothing compared to the Naiboa pool for shade, size or activities. I should know, I tried every pool in the complex.The next day I was driven by cab back to the Naiboa where I found out my room wasn't ready and wouldn't be ready for an hour or two. No problem, I had my bathing suit on and I swam and ate until it was.The room was fine, on the ground floor. It was clean and the maid always made sure my fridge was stocked and I had plenty of towels.I can't say enough about the food at this resort. There was a lot of it and I found plenty to eat each and every night. Chicken, beef, pork, seafood, soups, pasta it was perfect. The service couldn't have been better.I liked the idea of being able to go to any resort but the Palace for food, drinks or entertainment. After dinner, I would enjoy bingo at the Naiboa, head down to the Taino beach restaurant for coffee, check out the show on the outdoor stage at the Bambu or do a little shopping on Carribean Street. The choices were endless and fun.I also took a trip down to both flea markets on the beach. Bartering is actually quite fun, though it takes a while to actually buy anything. Definitely don't be intimidated, they aren't really all that aggressive and you can get some really good deals on just about anything.During the day, I generally used the Naiboa pool as home base. The ocean was quite rough during my stay and there isn't a lot of shade on the beach. The Naiboa pool is shady, has a fun group of animation staff and the restaurant was first rate. The Dominican Feista one day at lunch was great, lots of dancing, drinking and eating. A note about the drinks, try the lumumba (chocolate shake and brandy), a cuba libre or the mango daquiri. Delicious!Also prepare yourself for the party on Carribean Street Thursday night. Dancing, shopping, drinking, just a huge party which is lots of fun. All the staff from each hotel gather and put on their own shows.All and all, this was a great resort and I can't wait to go back. Anyone with questions can feel free to email me. I'm definitely heading back next year.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rui Naiboa - Great place!! My wife and I (43 and 49 respectively) stayed at the Rui Naiboa for the first 2 weeks of March 2003. We have travelled in the past to Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan, Veradero, Cuba, and this was definately one of out top trips based on food quality, staff friendliness, beach and water quality, drinks were adequate, to say the least. We would definately go back to the Rui chain in the Dominican in a heartbeat. Rooms were clean and secure, pools were the same. The Mediterranean and Steakhouse restaurants offered a nice change from the buffet, which in itself offered a good variety and good quality. Some seafood (mussels and shrimp) we also on the menu but probably not as much as a 5 star would have. All in all, a wonderful holiday and we would definately go again!! Great job, Rui Naiboa!! Muchas gracias!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luvtotravelOhio
<Content>Best bet for the price!! Just to let you know I am 45 and my boyfriend is 40 we love to travel and have been to quite a few places.Now to the review:I loved it, just loved it!! The food was very good, the beach was beautiful, the people were the friendliest of anyplace I have been, the pool was very large and not over populated with people. The bar was very large and had couches along with tables and chairs for seating.The flight was great but the only issue we have is that Apple changed our flight from a non-stop to stopping in Pittsburgh so it took us about 5 hrs to get there. But that is typical for Apple, they have the market pretty cornered so they can do about anything they want and the customer is stuck.When we arrived at the hotel we were given a very very small room. We went back to the desk and told them we wanted two beds as thats what we paid for. They kept saying you need to beds and we kept saying that we did. In about 5 minutes we were given a room with 2 beds which was much bigger and more of what we were expecting. The rooms are fine, nothing fancy but really just fine. We asked for a suite but they said they didnt have any. The next day my boyfriend gave them $10 and was given a suite. The issue with the suites is the air conditioning does not work well. The room is very large but it is slightly warm. The suite does not (like the other rooms) have a ceiling fan but they give you a stand up fan. I guess its a trade off so if you want a bigger room try to get the suite. I myself would rather have the second room we were given.We went with another couple who arrived on Friday before us (we stayed mon to mon). They were staying at the Taino and they got bumped to the palace. We enjoyed visiting the other hotels. The only one I didnt like was the palace as the pool was small and it was extrememly warm over there. The rooms were nicer and the buffet had a little more but I would never have paid what it costs to stay there. The naiboa and the palace are directly across the street from eachother and the temp was very different from that hotel to ours. We didnt feel really that any of the other hotels exept for the bambu were that much different than the naiboa and didnt think it would be worth paying the difference to stay at. The naiboa is more intimate and the beash is just a few minutes away. I would though stay by the bambu section of the beach as they had a really nice bar-b-que lunch there on friday and it was a lot of fun. We tried the other hotels for breakfast but really likes our hotel the best. We did however eat lunch at the bambu and the taino onsite restaurants and were very impressed with them especially the bambu. The place was lovely.The pizza place and another restaurant sit directly across from eachother at the end of caribbean street. Caribbean street is the street that takes you to the beach and it has a lot of little shops to browse in. Anyway both of those restaurants have basically the exact same thing for lunch. pizza, chicken, hamburgers, lunch meat, salads. But the restaurants that are in the hotels have much nicer food. You must have a shirt on to enter those so if you are on the beach and want to go inside make sure you bring a t-shirt with you to throw on.We didnt go on any trips this time which is not the norm for us. However we were so relaxed and enjoyed the hotel so much that we really didnt feel a need to leave.Anyway we are looking to see if the prices our even cheaper at Christmas as we would like to go back. We paid for the month of July $689 and we have seen it for less in other months.The people there are mostly europeans there who were very friendly. Most that we met spoke english. And yes most women (including myself) were topless on the beach (not as many at the pool).And if you are going dont miss the party on Thursday at Caribbean street. It was very fun. Music and dancing and costumes and drinks right on the street. What a blast!Anway to finalize, we would go back in a hearbeat!!! I hope you trip is as nice as ours was!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Naiboa was Great for a 3-Star Spent 3n/3d at Riu Naiboa in Punta Cana....3-star hotel, but 5-6 star quality. Service was excellent, room very well kept, staff was friendly, beach and surrounding grounds well maintained, food and drinks were just good. Several activities and excursions to stay busy, but also the option to relax and lounge if that's what you're looking for. I'm a single American female, 24, and I went with a single girl friend. There were several couples there, but there were enough singles to mingle with also....mainly the resort staff. The disco (la pacha) is really the only nightlife, but it's so much fun, we didn't need anything else...Some American music, some European, but mainly salsa and meringue. Mainly European guests, so get ready for some comfortable nudity. The only downfall (for a single gal my age) were the children...a lot of families with kids. Overall, I would recommend the Riu resorts...any of them, since you're able to visit and use the facilities at any of them, no matter which one you're registered at. Feel free to email me with questions...please use the subject heading Naiboa.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most amazing beach!  This trip was the first of hopefully many. I am only 20 years old and planned this trip with my boyfriend. We were a little leary at first seeing as though the price was so cheap. Luckily, we were pleasantly surprised. The Riu Naiboa was great! The flight and transfers from the airport were well airconditioned and nice. When we arrived at the hotel we asked for a suite and were instantly upgraded. The people were so overly nice, it was very comforting. It does help to speak some spanish. Practically no one speaks english. The food was good, nothing too fancy yet not too plain. They changed it around everynight too with a new theme. The mixed drinks weren't fabulous but Im sure if we could speak better spanish we could have ordered more specifically. My boyfriend had some stomach trouble towards the end of the week, but nothing that ruined our excellent trip. I would recommend Rui Naiboa to anyone that is thinking about going. It's worth it! If anyone has any questions feel free to email me and ask! Auburnc106@aol.com   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time!!! April 15- 22 Good Food , Great facilities , Amazing beach.We went down during March Break and we had a great time. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Food was really good and lots of variety. Highly reccomended for a family vacation. Ola'.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the food First of all, let me say first that my husband and I stayed at the Grand Paradise in January and had a fabulous time, it was our first time in Punta Cana and when we got back we raved what a beautiful place it is. We decided to try a different place this time and my sister and her husband came with us. After looking for a good deal I found one at Apple Vacations. First of all when we arrived at the Riu Naiboa they gave us these real small rooms I thought I was on a cruise!! We asked for a bigger room and they let us change rooms the next day. That was much better. The beach of course is very beautiful and the walk to it on Carribean Street was nice. I prefer some wave action and there wasn't any there so we walked up the beach (it took an hour) past Breezes there is a nice surf and hardly anyone around, it's like you have the whole place to yourself. The bad part of the trip was the food, I had a hard time finding something decent to eat. The Grand Paradise had real good food and their desserts where fab. Then to top it off the four of us got sick with an intestinal flu or whatever you want to call it. We talked to other people on the plane, and most everyone who stayed at the Riu Naiboa got sick. One woman had to go to the hospital for dehydration and was put on antibiotics. I don't know what's going on at that hotel but I will never go back there again. I'm home and still not feeling right.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best place iv'e ever visited!!!!!! I just got back from a week long stay at the Riu Naiboa (June 13-20). First, let me begin by saying I am writing a review because reading reviews was very helpful and enabled me to get a suite. When you check in ask if a suite is available, if so, give the guy a tip and you have a much bigger room. The suite was very nice, but the air conditioning wasn't as cold as I would have like it. (You have no control over this!) The pool at the naiboa was gorgeous and lots of fun. The pool staff did get a little pushy trying to get you to participate in all the cheesy games though. The beach was absolutely incredible and the reason I plan on going back every year. The water was clear and the sand was clean. If you walk down to the left off of caribeean street it is much more vacant. The entertainment was very uninhibited and very entertaining, especially Thursday nights at the caribeean street carnival. The alcohol variety was excellent and I enjoyed the copa cabanna with alcohol. My boyfriend loved the 8% beer. The food was decent, but once again not much variety from one day to the next. We ate at speciallity restaurants 5 of the nights we were there. Our favorite by far was the Mediterrean, they offer the best menu choices and best service. The steakhouse was unimpressive (except for the yummy dessert) and the service was horrible. We did the James Bond excursion and it was worth the $55. it cost. Punta Cana is a beautiful place and well worth the money I spent going. I had a wonderful time!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the beach, hated the room. We just returned from Riu Naiboa on June 22, 2003. We left San Juan, Puerto Rico in the morning, June 19, 2003 at 7:00 AM, arrived at the hotel around 10:30 AM and had to wait until 1:30 PM to get the room. The room was very hot, not very clean and the bathroom was worse. The mini bar had two beers and two Cokes and they were warm. We turned on the air conditioning but it never cooled the room. The food is OK but everything tastes a little off, even desserts and the juices. The service at this hotel was bad, I had to go to the service counter to ask for extra towels, shampoo etc. The beach was beautiful with clear water and lots of chairs. To rescue our vacation we went to the Riu Taino Hotel where the people were very nice and included us in all their activities and invited us to their shows etc. We liked the bar inside the pool and our children had a good time dancing and singing. (They are teenagers) If you need a cool room to sleep in after staying out in the sun all day, please stay away of this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place...but beware My wife and I just got back a few days ago. Here is a brief synopsis of the Riu Naiboa. HOTEL- very nice lobby, restaurant, theater, etc. The rooms were standard issue, nothing special, but had all the requirements. BEACH- amazing. Beautiful water, very little sea grass. Perfect weather. Tons of beach chairs available. If you have only been to American beaches, be prepared...there are dozens and dozens of men in speedos (bad), and topless women everywhere (good). POOL- same story. very nice, but lots of boobs and speedos. ENTERTAINMENT- very little. Lots of silly games in the pool, on the beach. Little to no night life. Several expeditions to choose from. We went on a party, snorkel boat and had a great time, but it was $50 per person, and the snorkelling was mediocre. FOOD- this was our biggest gripe. The food is actually quite good the first couple days. The problem is, they serve the same foods everyday, and it gets very repetitive early on. Also, they have a Mediterranean and a Steakhouse restaurant. These are a la carte and have some different foods, but they have the same few choices every single day. If you are a meat eater, you might have more choices. The food was definitely most appropriate for carnivore types, which made our choices substantially less. The food they do have, in many cases, is just slightly off. I can't really explain it, but many of the foods were not quite right (maybe because I am a dumb american, I dunno). And finally, you can not drink the water. We did not. We were very careful not to. Despite our efforts, my wife and I both got terrribly ill for the last 3-4 days of our trip. We are convinced that it is becasue the food is prepared using tap water. There is really no other good explanation. We talked to several other people who also got sick, without ever drinking tap water. OTHER- shopping is a pain in the neck. They want to sell you crap, for 5-10 times what it is worth. If you want to buy something, you have to play this stupid bargaining game with the merchant it means they can make an extra dollar or peso./ The staff was nice, and most spoke halfway decent English./ Tons of smokers everywhere. If you can't stand cigarette smoke, go someplace else./ Americans are definitely the minority. Not much English being spoken. OVERALL- Very nice. Incredibly beautiful. Very relaxing. Few complaints- food is so-so, too many speedos, very few English speakers, too much smoke, too many visits to the toilet.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely worth our money. We wanted to go somwhere tropical, period. Our hotel was beautiful. Our room was the best, for the AC didn't always work, and the location wasn't good, but it had been poolside, it would have been perfect. AC isn't needed unless you like to be really cool at night. We went at the end of May, and the temps were great. Our food wasn't outstanding, but they did have very much from which to choose, at every sitting. At Riu, people can go to the other hotels and eat, swim, and drink. That was a perk! The beach was something like I'd never seen before. English-speaking people are a minority within the tourism population, which was nice and expected. Overall, we'd instantly go back. Please email me if you have further concerns. Please put Riu Naiboa in the subject line.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Naiboa!! Stayed at Naiboa from 5/26 - 6/2 and had an incredible time. A 5 minute walk and you're on the beach (which is deserted if u walk down a bit) and if you're not up for the walk, the pool is just downstairs and never overly crowded. The staff was friendly, helpful and GENUINE. We tipped a bit even though it was all inclusive and boy did it make a difference. On our first day, I requested an upgrade to a suite and on the 3rd day we received one. The rooms are well kept, not the best, not the worst. But very nicely decorated with hibiscus flowers each time its cleaned. We left gifts for the housekeeping staff instead of cash tips which were greatly appreciated. The only problem i had with the resort was the food. It wasn't very good. You can eat at all resorts during the day but for dinner you must dine at your home hotel. We stuck into the other resorts for dinner and found their food a bit better than naiboa's with a few standard items. The bars serve weak drinks so u have to ask for more rum or whatever. Try a mamajuana when you go. strong, and tasty :) This is a great one stop shop for a great price. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KyotoVisitor
<Content>Awesome place to go!! I stayed at Naiboa for a week and it was great! The hosts were friendly  energetic all the time! I joined several excursions and enjoyed them thoroughly!! I especially enjoyed the snorkeling!! (*if you've never been before  want to get a taste of if ..  ready for a party, join the KonTiki .. but if you want to go to a great place to snorkel.. you should join the James Bond snorkeling tour*) ... We had the best guide for the Jungle Safari, Rigo! .. He gave us a lot of insight on the background  cultures of Domican people which helped to understand what we saw along the way. If you want to understand some history  culture  go a a great beach for boogie boarding.. you should join the Outback Safari tours!  
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Interesting information- Just got back- May 19, 2003 Beaches and water were beautiful. However, I did not see any lifeguards. Beware of the red parasailing boat when your out sailing or kayaking- almost got run over a few times. The pool was big. The weather was perfect. The rooms where not a 4 star. I tipped the maid daily and she felt us flowers. However, the room was dirty and very budget. The food was good and the drinks were great. The activities and entertainment catered to the German and Spanish speaking people there. The odd person spoke English. The airport was really unique. I was a little nervous boarding our plane, because they did not check anyones luggage- except for the Americans, and they did this by hand. The staff didn't wash there hands! Overall it was ok- they tried- but now I am sick and have a fever. Great for couples- terrible for singles- no nightlife- only a few people in the disco each night.  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Deal We just got back from spending a week at the Riu Naiboa (got back May 10th). We really enjoyed our stay at the Naiboa - best deal around. We went with Apple vacation on a last minute deal and paid $499.00 plus tax (total $600.00) for 8 days and flew out of Philadelphia. We definitely made the right choice by staying at the Riu resort. We decided that at that price, how could we go wrong. Why pay more to stay at the other Riu's when you can use all of the other hotels with the exception of the Riu Palace. The rooms were nice and clean, (not fantastic but nice), the pool was terrific and staff were great. The hotel is not directly on the beach but who cares - it was only a short and pleasant walk to the beach. The beach was terrific. We found that the beach in front of the Riu's and Iberostar (which is right next to the Riu) is definitely nicer. We went for a walk along the beach and thought that we had the better location - much nicer beach. We checked out several other hotels but decided that we liked the Riu the best because we had the use of the other Riu hotels.The food had the hotels was terrific. They served a large variety of foods and it was great trying some different dishes. You won't go away hungry. We also ate at the specialty restaurants and found that the food was excellent and service was great (don't be afraid to tip these people for their excellent service - they deserve it).One day we went horseback riding along the beach. We went on the sunset ride (5:30 to 7:00 p.m. , cost $30.00). We would NOT recommend that you do this. The horses are not in very good shape - very thin. The one horse kept kicking my husband's horse - three times. ( We also heard from another person that they got bitten on the leg by one of the horses.) As we were galloping along the beach, my husband's horse FELL, causing my husband to fall off the horse. injuring y his shoulder but it could have been much more serious. However, if you do decide to ride the horses, the Ranchero is located to the right of the r you will enjoy Punta Cana very much. The weather was excellent - rain only at night. The worst part of the trip was the ride between the airport and hotel - approximately one half hour ride. The road is not in good condition - lots of pot holes and the driver is not very cautious. I would NOT recommend that you rent a car - too dangerous because of the driving conditions and besides that there doesn't appear to be too much to see.Oh by the way, I notice that Apple still has the Naiboa special for $499.00 for 8 days, 7 nights out of Philadelphia and Baltimore. For that price, you definitely cannot go wrong - why pay more???  
<Date>May 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>oh my We had the best vacation of our lives here. :The staff were wonderfull and the food was out of this world. try their paella, cooked outside beside the pool. We could not have had better service anywhere in the world, well up to riu standards  
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never fogotten placee if you never been you have to go, a time you will never forget, so much to do,so much to eat, so much to drink. my boyfriend and i never went anywhere and finally a friend got a good deal we could not pass up and had the time of our life. people are great only want to make your trip the best it can be, ( i realy miss them) i can not wait to go back. the staff, and everyone were great, the beaches were beautiful and the booze cruise/snorkling trip was so much fun that you will never forget and must go to captian cooks resturaunt a place you will neveer forget. be ready to have fun and if you want to relax but have to experince it--can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SUPER PLACE / Naiboa My wife and I went to Punta Cana in April 2003, first off we would like to thank everyone for taking time to write thier reviews, we went from being uncertian of our choice to being very happy after finding this site and the excellent comment from everyone. The Naiboa is a super value, the help is out of sight, friendly, always happy and helped out in anyway. We booked our trip with Apple who also gave us great service from a very nice flight to making it a easy transfer from Airport to the resort with no problems. The food was great, pools and beaches are beautiful you will be very happy with the Naiboa. We'll be back next year!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!!!!! My husband, son and I just got back from our stay at the Riu Naiboa in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. We all absolutely loved it! The hotel was beautiful, the staff was great! They were always smiling, cheerful and happy. They treat you like royalty! Our hotel wasn't located right on the beach, but actually we liked it better that way. Its just a short walk down caribean street and your right on the beach. The beach is absolutely gorgeous! The water is so blue and clear. You can be in 5Ft of water and see your toes ...it is so clear! It is great that you have use of the other Riu hotels also. Its nice that you can go in for a swim and then go in to any Riu and have lunch and a few drinks. Another thing that was fun was being able to go shopping right on the beach! You can either go to the left or right on the beach, about a 20 minute walk and there are many vendors. They are very willing to deal with you as well! I also would recommend doing the Outback Safari Tour. It was great! We had a great time and you will see more of the Dominican Republic! Also take the KonTiki Snorkel Tour. That was great also! For anyone thinking about going to the Dominican Republic....don't hesitate and go! You will be very happy you did!. We are already planning a trip back in November and again in April! P.S. To Jose...Whats Up We miss you!!!! See you in November!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent My boyfriend an I just got back from an excellent vacation at the Riu Naiboa, April 5-12,2003. It was the best vacation that we have ever had and we are already planning on going back next April. Everyone working was so nice and energetic. You never saw them without a smile and always dancing. They will do anything to make you happy. When ever you see them they say Hola with a big smile. We met a bartender named Felix and he is the best!! We thought it was going to be hard understanding them, but it was fun learning spanish and they do understand some english. The food was great but different. I am a very picky eater so I didn't try everything. The animation people were very funny. There was always something going on by the pool, and shows at night. There was a BBQ one day and a Coco party. there is always exciting things like that going on. Even though the Hotel isn't right on the beach it is actually better. you have to walk down Carribean Street to get there,which is a very short walk with shops on it. We actually enjoyed the walk. The beach is beautiful and the water so blue. When they say all inclusive they definetly mean it. You sure do get your moneys worth, on drinks alone. We liked how we could use the other hotels too. We didn't even get to do everything we wanted to. The hotel was always clean and flowers everywhere. We had a good size room with a king size bed, cable TV, AC, and a mini bar (did I mention the MINI BAR)!!! GWV is a great travel agency. We never felt like we didn't know what to do, and all of our questions were answered. They had a meeting the next morning to answer any questions and tell us things to do. We would recommend going to that. Our GWV rep. was Robert. We thought he was great. He even left us his cell phone number so we could reach him anytime we needed him. We recommend The Outback Jungle Safari. It was very fun and we learned a lot about the Dominican Republic too. We had a wonderful time!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh, Yes BeachThe beach is beautiful and long and winding. White sand. Clear blue water. If you're an adventurer walk down the beach for a 1/2 hour in either direction; you'll be glad you did. The snorkeling is pretty good from the beach, too. There are lots of coral reefs you can swim to. Take some food along and an underwater camera. I saw some incredible fish. Definitely some lotion on your neck though; the sun cranks. Right on the beach, a couple of the other hotels have bars and buffets. You use them. It's very cool. PoolNaiboa seemed to be the least trafficked and certainly had the quietest pool area of the of Riu chain. But don't forget this is an all-inclusive, so for a couple of hours everyday by the pool the staff cranks loud and (in my opinion) cheesy, but fun island music and gets activities going. Not many kids when I was there which was nice. FoodThe food is great if you stick with the Dominican dishes and pastas. All the fish and chicken dishes were awesome. I ate that every night leaving little interest in checking out the restaurants. Drinks. They're always there. There are bars everywhere. Even right by the beach. I drank frozen blends, Dr. Funk and Pina Coladas -- that sort of thing. A little weak, but that's fine because you really want to be a little more freshed than drunk. You have all day and night to work on your buzz. The rooms are stocked as you might have heard: rum, gin, beer, sodas. The local beer is Quisqueya (not sure about the spelling). It is excellent. Better than American beers for sure. And they get you looped. I started to get nice after two. DemographicI am American. The tourists are mostly European. Everyone who works there is Dominican. It was fun to meet people from different places and see new faces. Americans: you are in the minority for sure. Spanish will help you get around easier, though perhaps not essential. Many fo the Europens I met knew very little English. Don't be surprised (and some damn American-centric). I sensed most of the travelers were couples and families (though not necessarily with little kids). TennisThere are two outdoor hardcourts you can use for free and two clay courts connected to the main Riu hotel that you have to pay for. The clay courts looked like they were in good shape. I played on the hardcourts. They are painted light blue and lined white, making it sometimes hard to track the ball. Courts are usually empty but you're better off making a reservation. They are also lighted at night, but I'm not sure how that works. No one plays during the day; too hot and sunny. Evening play is better; the courts get some shade. Take a lot of water with you; there is no water to be had close by the courts.Overall I had an excellent time. It's one of the few carribean vacations I would consider a good value. Very clean and comfortable all around. Do it.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Most Fabulour Vacation Ever! My husband and I stayed at the Riu Naiboa 3/19 - 3/26, we have nothing but great things to say about our vacation. Flight:Purchased the pkg thru Apple Vacations (Don Freeland at The Travel Store), used the USA 3000 airlines. Flights were uneventful and on time both directions. The movie shown on the flight was entertaining. We requested the Exit Row seats for more room and felt more comfortable on the 4 hr flight. Airport:What a sight the Punta Cana airport was. Don't be discouraged by this by any means. Service was excellent, you just have to look past the tiki huts or what they consider the airport. The shuttle to the hotel was great, air conditioned and very comfortable. Don't forget to tip the driver! Resort: What a wonderful idea to pay one price and have access to 5 hotels. The Naiboa was excellent in service! Should we have the option to return, we will go back to Naiboa. In my opinion, Naiboa had the best pool. The Taino had the second best pool because it had a swim up bar. It was difficult to find seats at the swim up bar around noon though. We asked for suites after checking in, there wasn't one available so we asked again the day after. We were given a suite at no extra charge. Be sure to always ask for a suite, it doesn't hurt! Food:The Steakhouse restaurant was by far the best. Be sure to order the grill for 2, it was delicious. As far as I know, there isn't a limit as to how many days you can go to the reserved dinners, we went twice to the Steakhouse. The Mediterranean was pretty good. The buffet dinners were always very delicious. So much is offered at the buffet dinner, you will always find something that you like. Entertainment:The nightly shows at the Naiboa were pretty good but we were unable to enjoy them as much due to the numerous people that smoked. If smoking bothers you, you will find it difficult especially in the bars. It seemed like every time you turned around someone was smoking. The Ocean:A 5 - 10 min walk (away from Naiboa) down Carribean Street. There are many bars near the ocean and you can eat breakfast and lunch at The Taino which is right off the beach. There are plenty of watersports you can do for free. Overall, we had a fabulous vacation and plan to return as soon as we can. I would recommend this trip to anyone. Before I left on this trip, I was getting nervous because I read many negative reviews about the resort and apple vacations. I read about theft and the planes not being on time. We did not encounter one single problem at all. This was the best vacation ever! I have to thank the wonderful staff at The Naiboa and our travel agent, Don for making this trip so successful.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed! After staying at the Catalonia Bavaro in 2002, my girlfriend and I went down to Punta Cana in March 2003 and were very impressed with the Riu hotels. A couple we know visited in November and gave the Naiboa rave reviews. I was skeptical when first looking into it (no pool bar and the rooms are located in a hotel building), but the amazing price was too good to pass up. Needless to say, the gamble was well worth it. The resort is beautiful and the staff is first class. Try to tip the bartenders, maids, and waiters a few bucks. They really appreciate it and they'll take care of you for the rest of the week. The rooms were fine and the beach is beautiful (not nearly as much coral as duing my previous visit). We had access to all five Riu resorts, but we actually hung out at the Naiboa most of the time. The food was great. Note: make reservations for the Mediterranean and Steak restaurants early in the week, they fill up fast. The American crowd at the resort was great as well. We're in our mid-twenties and were happy to find a good mix of young couples and nice older families. The singles scene didn't seem to be too hot, so take note if that's what you're looking for. If you don't want to be surrounded by obnoxious spring breakers, rest easy because there were none at the Riu Naiboa. Of course there were some Europeans (but not too many) walking around in their speedos and dorky sandals, but they mostly stuck to themselves and the few who were sociable were actually really friendly. Off site excursions we did: the Saona Island tour, which was absolutely incredible ($80/person through Apple). The booze cruise/snorkeling ($55)was also fun if you like to drink. The speedboat tour ($55) was a little overrated, but fun nonetheless. We also did the Captain Cook seafood restaurant (all you can eat and drink for $40) and it was a lot of fun and the food was awesome. The shopping center is a half hour walk down the beach and is worth it if you want rum, cigars, and standard souvenirs. The used car salesmen who run the shops will literally take whatever money you offer them, but you have to be willing to walk away first, after which they will come running after you. In all, a great trip and I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! 10 out of 10 The people are friendly, The weather was perfect, The sun was hot, The beaches are white and pristine, The ocean is warm, The food is superb, The drinks are plentiful and as strong or as mild as you wish, The rooms are of very high quality, The pool is breathtaking, The beach markets have some great treasures to be haggled for and there are no drunkin 'spring break' yah-hoos running around either. You wouldn't have to spend a dime if you didn't want to, and you would still have the trip of a lifetime!60% European - 40% North American20% Families - 70% Couples - 10% Singles I would highly recommend going to this RIU resort to my closest friends and family. The Dominican is the best place to holiday. All Inclusive is the only way to go!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place We spent 7 days here and really had a good time.The rooms are of moderate size and the bathroom was nice. The only two problems we had were there were no wash cloths (they don't use them), and not much air conditioning. The ceiling fan seemed enough, but at times the humidity got the better of us. You could always find something to eat-numerous items were offered. The staff was quite helpful, speak broken English, but could be understood-very friendly people. Visited the flea markets on the beach. Make sure you bargin with them. They always ask at least three times what an item is worth!!! We would return to the Naiboa, very comfortable and pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>going to Punta Cana in 44 days   showReview(859538, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunset60
<Content>one of our best holidays   showReview(853797, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing - from a world class traveler   showReview(830054, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best in the Caribbean   showReview(823552, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>suited to european's   showReview(724119, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best bang for the buck   showReview(720771, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pachugita
<Content>Good hotel!   showReview(702076, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(644520, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vacation from Hell   showReview(592625, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Riu Naiboa   showReview(360816, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ermigue
<Content>las criticas negativas no son ciertas   showReview(22839070, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>supernenaMDB
<Content>Me encant贸 Riu Naiboa   showReview(22207135, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sauberes und gepflegtes Hotel   showReview(22953768, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NESSA69
<Content>Buscando fecha para volver       Desde la terraza de la habitaci贸n... fachada del hotel  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>vulcana
<Content>Volvere   showReview(19984899, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	3	1	

<Author>chouchou-de-belgique
<Content>inoubliable   showReview(19984684, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MONTAUBAN19
<Content>que horror   showReview(19889476, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>varaderita
<Content>muy mal hotel y un director llamado alfredo q no sabe dar soluciones   showReview(19834918, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>mireita_peke
<Content>MUY BIEN!   showReview(19494780, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preisleistung sehr gut   showReview(22954794, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fuligana
<Content>Hotel de 2** en lugar de 4**       Somier, sin comentarios  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tip Top   showReview(22947828, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Wahrheit 眉ber Riu Naiboa   showReview(22944822, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>setteluglio
<Content>viaggio spettacolare   showReview(18928685, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>XDFanny
<Content>VOVERE!!! ME ENCANTOOOOO       Naiboa 1  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Estermoi
<Content>Cuando pueda repito       Es una parte peque帽a de la piscina  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>vv440
<Content>Beau s茅jour pour le farniente   showReview(18277548, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaLLuBa_86
<Content>Unas vacaciones alucinantes!!       En el restaurante a la carta  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FERWIN
<Content>Un Hotel regulin un Resort bueno       La playa  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>MANGELES_ENFERMERA
<Content>Me gust贸 mucho   showReview(17565808, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>vivaelcaribe
<Content>hotel muy malo!!!       hotel  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	2	1	3	

<Author>lerelere
<Content>fatal, no vay谩is, hay muchas opciones!   showReview(16745638, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mayo08
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones   showReview(16020690, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maandeya
<Content>une tr猫s bonne semaine !       la piscine du naiboa  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LuciBrettnich
<Content>Urlaub war suber   showReview(15436946, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>primoParis
<Content>Lamentable s茅jour   showReview(15154592, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>manuel_neitz
<Content>Super Hotel, Immer wieder gerne.   showReview(15141155, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noelia_burgalesa
<Content>GENIAL       Mi sue帽o hecho realidad  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>culy
<Content>vacaciones de primera       en el bar por la tarde  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoSe_87_Mad
<Content>Totalmente recomendable- Naiboa VS Taino   showReview(14089590, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pascalkarine
<Content>trs beau complexe       vue de la chambre  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>brusan33
<Content>super   showReview(13524087, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greg82003
<Content>Ne merite pas 4 etoiles   showReview(13427782, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>PatriciaAlbacete
<Content>Atenci贸n sanitaria cero, nula   showReview(13114529, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>rvalanto
<Content>volvere   showReview(12601265, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sklopendra
<Content>una pasada   showReview(12542506, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>naiboah2007
<Content>Der Strand macht alles gut   showReview(12467589, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>nicolator
<Content>passable       vue de la chambre  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>franckydok
<Content>riu naiboa fin novembre mode d emploi   showReview(11598513, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ELOISA69
<Content>M谩s bien un hostal, de hotel de 4 estrellas...nada!!   showReview(11544734, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>laubia081
<Content>Pedaso de hotel       las mejores vacaciones de mi vida  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marquis-co
<Content>Esperaba algo m谩s (Los Marquis)   showReview(11279096, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	2	4	4	5	3	

<Author>SALMANTINOS
<Content>Decepci贸n   showReview(10941092, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	3	3	4	2	

<Author>luna01
<Content>Peor imposible       ba帽era  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	2	4	-1	

<Author>reddel
<Content>S茅jour 脿 la Toussaint 2007 au Riu Na茂boa - on peut trouver mieux au m锚me prix   showReview(10611936, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>afroditaMadrid
<Content>simplemente perfecto   showReview(10048533, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mozuka20
<Content>un sue帽o echo realidad   showReview(10006203, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>carinosa
<Content>A ne pas manquer   showReview(8736418, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Alicia6807
<Content>Vuelvo al Riu Naiboa   showReview(8611633, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>samandsam
<Content>relax al riu naiboa       veduta spiaggia  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nohemigil
<Content>Volver铆a   showReview(8462736, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jualobal
<Content>Aceptable   showReview(7752545, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>debordeaux
<Content>Tr猫s bon s茅jour   showReview(7703856, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Crevette2
<Content>Super vacances !    showReview(7332209, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fiarel
<Content>bon sejour mais...   showReview(7080886, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super   showReview(4463008, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

