<Author>Insightful
<Content>Probably the greatest...... ...hotel in all of Berlin !This is a special hotel. Established in 1907, it was severely damaged by bombs in the latter stages of World War II. The Adlon familiy (in concert with Kempinski hotel) re-developed this hotel after the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the new Adlon opened for business in 1997. The new hotel takes much of its inspiration from the old hotel, which was steeped in history. The first film contract to involve Marlene Dietrich as an actress was signed in the Adlon. And Bertolt Brecht stayed and worked in some of the surviving rooms of the hotel in the late 1940s.The hotel corridors are unlike any I have ever experienced. The floors are covered in white marble and diamond-style rugs, the walls are also a marbled white. The whole effect is to give an impression of openness and brightness. An intriguing contrast to the more claustraphobic corridors I have encountered elsewhere. Even the elevators have been designed to look exactly as they would have looked back in 1907 (albeit with the benefit of more efficient working technology).The bedrooms are a beguiling mix of new and old. A bedside finger-touch lighting system and up to date hi-fi speakers in the bathroom are coupled with Art Deco style furniture and prints from an earlier era. The bedroom is so intriguingly old world that staying there feels like travelling back in time. The experience of being in historically-styled surroundings was so surreal that there were times when I felt I was in the film version of Agatha Christie's At Bertram's Hotel. The emphasis in the Adlon is on comfort and the beds have a wraparound quality to them which encourages night-time hibernation (especially in sub-zero climes).The lobby of the hotel is truly a jewel. It serves a mouth-watering afternoon tea. But, in addition to this, a tasty supply of meals and snacks is available until late in the evening. I had the wiener schnitzel, pommes frites and cucumber salad, washed down with a couple of Jupiter pilseners. A simple repast. But everything in the hotel is cooked to perfection and arrives soon after you have ordered it. And the service is out of this world.If you stay here, check out the ground floor restaurant. If you're lucky (like I was), they'll give you a table overlooking the Brandenburg Gate. There's something quite cool about munching on breakfast and having one of Germany's most iconic monuments in your line of vision at the same time. A great place for daydreaming.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FredTravelVa
<Content>Six Star Luxury Next to Brandenburg Gate This hotel has perhaps the nicest., most luxurious rooms I have ever stayed in. The location cannot be beaten -- just next to the Brandenburg Gate. Hotel has amazing service and good room service. Historic and luxurious. The rooms are very up to date and exceptionally clean and inviting. A go to Hotel in Berlin.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Towerman_8
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I have stayed at many great hotels throughout the world both small and large, but the Adlon Kempinski is by far the best I have stayed in. The service and hospitality of the staff rivalled any I have received in Dubai Hotels which I consider the benchmark for service.The staff were genuinally pleased to be of service, I had one small complaint about breakfast and it was resolved immediately without any fuss. Wonderful.Some reviews say its expensive, well of course this is true but if you want cheaper dont stay at the Adlon!If you have a moment to spare in your lovely room watch the film about the Adlon Hotel its very interesting.I had not been to Berlin before and had some preconceived views, but Berlin and Berliners are simply great. I cannot wait to return.So a great hotel in a great location,so go on spoil yourselves your worth it.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Goldenmeister
<Content>Best hotel experience ever       The inside of an elevator  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>midway42
<Content>A very, very impressive hotel. I stayed in the Adlon for four nights in October, 2006. Since then I have been to the Savoy in London, Ritz Paris, Hay-Adams in D.C., and Mount Nelson. I have delayed my review in the meantime to give more perspective on my experience. The Adlon may be the best of the bunch so far. My thoughts:Check-in: Impressively efficient. I didn't lay a finger on my luggage from the moment I left my taxi. A receptionist at the desk was nice enough to give me a tour of the hotel and my room which took 15 minutes.Accomodations: I had a standard room in the newer section of the hotel. It was modern, clean, and immaculate. My refrigerator was broken on arrival. One phone call to the front desk and it was replaced within 45 minutes.Ambience: Bustling. I enjoyed the energy. To a man/woman, the staff tried to make me feel at home.Food: I visitied the Restaurant Quarre and Hotel Lounge and Bar. Unfortunately I did not get a chance to eat at the Lorenz Adlon so I will defer on commentary to someone else. The gourmet breakfast via room service was excellent.Location: I ate a bratwurst while writing postcards in front of the Brandenburg Gate. Need I say more?Etc.: I enjoy staying at historic hotels and feel that the Adlon was a good start on my collection. I honestly enjoyed every minute here and look forward to coming back.Thanks for the memories.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Samantha79
<Content>The Best Hotel in Berlin - outstanding service and huge rooms First of all - the German welcome from the doorman was discreet, efficient and warm. Then as we checked in - with our one year old daughter - the charming gentleman at reception - can only be described as the epitome of professional warmth and courtesy. We had travelled from Copenhagen and were a bit tired - and this gorgeous 5 star hotel within spitting distance of the Brandenburg gate could not have been a better choice. My husband and I travel a lot for business as well as pleasure - but this was the first time we have been travelling - all the way from Australia - with a one year old. And the Adlon has made our stay in Berlin one of the most happy trips we have experienced. Our room was outstanding, the bathroom was to die for. And I am a tall woman and was able to recline in the full length bath - with complimentary glass cofrets of different bath salts and bubble baths at my fingertips. The concierge arranged babysitting at 17 Euros an hour (cheaper than an agency that I had independantly contacted in advance who wanted 20 Euro per hour)...and also arranged sight seeing tours, and restaurant and club reservations. We had previously used Lonely Planet to find shopping receommendations - but found this not to our taste - and yet concierge was able to direct us to where we wanted to go. They arranged a cot and bed linen for our baby - and serviced the rooms twice a day. All the major sights are within walking distance from the Reichstag, Jewish museum, Potsdamer Platz and the Unter Den Linden. It is about 20 Euros via taxi from the Tegel Airport and I cannot recommend this Hotel more highly. It was the one that Michael Jackson hung his baby out of - remember? And last night while we were here the Chancellor was here too. Its a bit lifestyles of the Rich and Famous and if you can cop the 35 Euro a glass for a glass of Dom Perignon n the lobby bar - and the average price of main courses in the ground floor restaurant are around 35 euro a main course too - you don't mind because well...it is the best hotel in Berlin. Fortunately Expedia was able to secure us a room rate of AUD $468 per night which was phenonenal - but you know what? We would have paid more if we had to because it is such an excellent Hotel. Well done Hotel Adlon Kempinski. If this is a taste of the Kempinski chain we will definitely stay here again in your other hotels in Europe. Search Expedia for very competitive rates.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjmaxwell
<Content>Wondergul hotel Pretty much close to perfect, from the moment we stepped out of the cab and were greeted by a concierge. I honestly can't fault it. The staff were friendly and discrete, yet always there when we needed something. The building is beautiful and in an excellent location. The room was fantastic; amazing bed, amazing bathroom, amazing shower.All-in-all, a candidate for best hotel stay of all time. Expensive, but worth every penny.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LadyPCheshire
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed here during a works conference in Berlin, and must say it made a big impression on me. I have stayed in many hotels all over the world and must say this is by far the best. The location is amazing, rooms fantastic and service second to none. Breakfast was pretty good too.I cannot fault it.I was also pleasantly surprised by how impressive Berlin is, and would love to go back sometime soon.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LosAngelesHello
<Content>Fabulous Hotel This is the best hotel I have experienced. The service and accomodations are impeccable. The location was incredible- we ate breakfast each morning viewing the Brandenberg Gate. The concierge gave me suggestions on what to do the 3 days we were in the City and each one was perfect. We went bikeriding and the hotel provided us with bikes, helmets and a backpack full of water. The breakfast is the best in Europe. 8 different fresh squeezed juices, a huge selection of breads, jams, cheese and even 5 different kinds of muesli. The rooms are spacious and equipped with the latest in lighting and heating elements. The staff was always pleasant and had none of the snootiness that one might find in such a hotel. The furniture in the lobby is grand and comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PJL_71
<Content>Not just for the rich and famous My wife took me to the Adlon for my birthday and I have to say it's one of the most beautiful hotels that I've stayed at in Europe. The location is perfect - right at the Brandenburg Gate, the serviceful is faultless, the buffet breakfast extraordinairy.For some reason, there seemed to be a lot of great deals to stay here in summer which surprised me as I would have thought it was peak season.If you have a chance, try to get the corner table for dinner - the view to the Brandenburg Gate is breathtaking.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yrtx4e
<Content>Prime Location and Luxury       sitting area  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Travelwalsh
<Content>Fabulous stay in awesome city First time to Germany - first time to Berlin! Amazing city (weather can be a bit annoying - it rained every day).The Adlon must be the most amazing hotel in the world - I think at least that it is. A wonderful combination of charm, first class service, location, gret food and everything else one can hope for. The concierge team was more than helpful and patiently directed us to see Berlin's most amazing parts. The room (507 I believe) was large, very nicely furnished with every amenity under the sky.Loved every minute. 3 days are not enough for the city and we will be back.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abbache
<Content>A taste of Berlin (old and new) This is a pretty intersting place. Great views -- right outside of the hotel is the Brandenburg Gate (and a Starbucks across the street -- old meet new!) The rooms are pretty comfortable and the beds are decent. The wireless connections are speedy (although expensive). If you're a vegetarian, you won't find anything to eat at the hotel, but there is quite a bit in walking distance. (We took a Hop On, Hop Off tour where the bus picked us up on the other side of the gate.) The gym is small, but has decent machines and free weights (and free bottles of water.) We ran a business event at the hotel, and everything went very smoothly. Great service.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vgchao
<Content>Retro Berlin The Adlon is an interesting Kempinski property. The hotel is a total replica from the original which succumbed to bombs and fire and neglect during and after WW2. The building was completely rebuilt in 1997 after reunification as a perfect replica of the original. They even copied some of the poor room designs. Overall its a great hotel with excellent service and staff, beautiful facilities and the location is central [just steps away from The Brandenburg Gate, at the head of the Tiergarten and 1 KM from Potsdam Platz.] My gripes are little - the lights for the WC/Bathroom are in strange locations - outside the door. The room controls in in the night stand - which, unless you get the full room tour from your bellhop, you spend about 20 minutes looking for them. The wireless was fast, only a few English channels (CNN and BBC), laundry was done the same day. Fitness center was decent. Ate in the hotel restaurant - service was slow, but food was good. We had a 2-day business meeting in the hotel and the facilities were perfect. Hosted a cocktail reception in the Library which had a wonderful view of the Gate, and dinner was exceptional.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeahawkerFan
<Content>Five Star Quality - Excellent Location I had the pleasure of spending two nights at the Adlon while attending a conference in Berlin.First, the room was perfect with a walk-in closet, toilet located in a separate room off the main entry, a large bathroom with all the ammenities (dual vanity, sound system, marble, separate shower and bathtub, etc), very well decorated and beautiful woodwork/design. You could probably enjoy your entire stay without ever leaving the room.Breakfast was perfect with a large and generous selection from the buffet or off the menu for cooked items.The hotel is located just steps from Brandenburg Gate and is on Unter den Linden, so you are right in the heart of everything. Beautiful historic buildings, architecture, embassy's and scenery abound. The hotel is also just a few blocks away from a Bentley and Ferrari dealership.....just in case you get the urge.The large lounge area in the lobby was a nice place to relax and enjoy a drink with the piano playing in the background and service was exemplary everywhere throughout my stay.Parking is located under the hotel and at 25 Euro per day seemed reasonable for the security and location.All in all....expensive.....but an absolutely wonderful experience. I wouldn't expect it any other way.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RatsBirmingham
<Content>Sheer opulence Stayed in the Hotel Adlon for three nights and it was bliss.Firstly the location is fantastic, right next door to the Brandenburg Gate. As soon as your taxi pulls up at the hotel you know you're getting service and that nothing is too much trouble. The hotel lobby is exquisite with a big water feature consisting of a tower of black elephants which survived the hotel when it was badly bombed during the war. The lobby area is also utilised as a posh tearoom with a fantastic array of fancy cakes on display and the bar area. To add to the ambiance there is a constant stream of men playing a grand piano in the balcony area. Refreshments are not cheap but well worth it just to soak up the atmosphere and they do give you plenty of nibbles as well.Once checked in, the girl behind reception actually showed us to our room. Unfortunately, despite asking for a non-smoking room we were taken to one which was obviously not. We were then shown another room which was ok. The rooms were also very opulent, (which doesn't always follow in hotels) with huge comfortable beds and a fantastic bathroom. No mod cons spared. Separate shower, bath, two sinks, dressing table. Getting ready to go out was a joy.The hotel features a couple of restaurants, one being a michelin star eatery. We decided to give this a whirl and the food was certainly different - canapes of fox!! Again the ambiance of the restaurant which was no more than a small circular room with a huge fire and spectacular views of the gate outside lit up was amazing. The food was delicious and it was obvious that both the chef and the sommelier were experts in their trade. As with everything at this hotel the cost of the meal was not for the faint hearted and todate it is probably one of the most expensive meals we have had but the memories will stay with me for ever.Breakfasts were also sumptious and no complaints there. The hotel also features a health spa which isn't really my thing but it is supposed to one of the best. All in all, this hotel has to be one of the most luxurious I have stayed in but it does come at a cost. Having said that we got a great deal for this hotel as part of a city break so it is worth looking around to see what prices are available.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TEK101
<Content>Exceptional The Adlon delivers what it sets out to achieve. I stayed one night and have enjoyed it. Staff have always been very friendly and helpful. The ongoing building works in front of the hotel lets it down a bit though - but I guess the hotel management is not to blame for this.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gasparrott
<Content>wow what a hotel Well where do you start, from the minute you walk in through the doors, this place is just all class. A fantastic hotel, the service was sensational, the rooms just about the best i have seen, and the location was brilliant. Drinking a beer watching the sun fall down behind the brandenburg gate was magic, all the history of the city was fantastic. The hotel staff were sensational, one of the bar tenders actually came out on the town with us after his work had finished, and took us to some great pubs and clubs, nothing was to much of a problem for anyone.Dont think about it just stay thereps club felix around the back is well worth a look of a night to  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sirdom
<Content>Perfect!! We stayed at the Adlon Kempinski for a long weekend visiting the famous 'Tanz der Vampire' musical in Berlin. The hotel is one of the best I have stayed in and I would recommend it to anyone. Starting with the location, it couldn't be more perfect as next to the Brandenburger Gate and Pariser Platz. You can also walk to all the shopping areas at Friedrichstrasse and Potzdammer Platz from the hotel. Check-in was quick, easy and extremely friendly. The room was immaculate with nice touches such as mood lighting and amazing walk-in shower (and separate bath). The Concierge couldn't be more helpful and recommended a great Spanish restaurant. The hotel bar at the hotel is also pretty cool. Live piano music and amazing choice of cocktails! Overall a thoroughly enjoyable stay in the Adlon!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LAC247
<Content>You must stay here... My husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights, in addition to 3 others who were also staying. The person on his own was the Birthday Boy and this was the whole point of our trip. Another couple had decided to stay at a cheaper hotel nearby. That was understandable as it is pricey to stay at the Kempinski. However, it was all worth it. The service was absolutely flawless. The standard of English spoken by staff was embarrassingly good (as I can hardly even say 'Good Morning' in German) and they did everything they could to make our stay a good one. We asked for a bottle of bubbly with glasses to be presented to our group at midnight on the Birthday evening, and sure enough it was, to the second, plus they had arranged (without us asking) for the pianist to play Happy Birthday! A wonderful surprise. All others in the lobby joined in singing and it was a memorable moment.The rooms were lovely. I have stayed in some excellent hotels across the world and probably some bigger hotel rooms than this, but it was beautifully furnished and the bathroom was gorgeous. Two sinks, separate shower with a seat in it, backlit make up mirror etc.The location is excellent too. You're right at the heart of the main attractions and we got to see a lot in our few days in Berlin, which is a wonderful city.I suggest you stay at the Kempinski and treat yourself. You won't regret it.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keswickian
<Content>Excellent We (four of us) stayed at the Adlon for three nights and although I was trying hard to find something wrong with it, there was nothing at all. We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton on our last trip and this was a very hard act to follow, but they managed it. The hotel has all the mod cons, but has the feel of a old fashioned hotel as they used to be. The bedrooms are superbly designed, spacious and the bathroom with underfloor heating was something else! Shoes were cleaned without any charge if you left them out the night before; a lovely touch. Breakfast was very expensive, but seldom have I been offered such choice and freshness.Staff were pleasant and helpful. We'll be back.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcfreqflyer
<Content>A historic hotel that's unfortunately known for Michael Jackson Stayed here for business for 4 nights in January of 2008. Definitely a five star hotel for European standards. Room was nice although again the typical European queen bed means two twins pushed together. The actual size of the room was much larger than other European hotels I have stayed in. Bathroom was interesting because the actual toilet had two doors leading to it in a small room with a mirror facing you if you sit on the toilet. Rest of bathroom (shower, bath and 2 sinks) was connected to one door and was large. Had three English speaking channels (CNN, BBC and CNBC Europe) although did not spend much time in room. The hotel is in a great location if you plan on exploring the city. Unter den Linden S-Bahn stop and the Brandenburg Gate are literally right in front of hotel. If you get a room on the Northwest corner of the hotel you may actually get an amazing view of the Brandenburg Gate from your hotel room. The Jewish holocaust memorial is right outside the rear of the hotel. Also, the Reichstag, parts of the wall, Checkpoint Charlie and the Potsdamer Platz area are all within 10-15 minute walk of hotel. Didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel, I think breakfast was $36 euros. There is a Starbucks and Hagen Daz right across the street from the front of the hotel and a Dunkin Donuts right outside the rear of the hotel. There are also several restaurants within a 10 minute walk from the rear of the whole to the Potsdamer Platz area.  Nice pool and spa facilities however I found the gym to be lacking for a five star hotel. The gym was tiny with 2 treadmills, a bike, elliptical, rowing machine and a few free weight dumbbells. However, if the weather is nice you can make an easy run through Tiegarten Park which is right next door to the hotel. Overall, a great place to stay for business although I think it would be a little out of my price range if I had to stay for personal travel. Unfortunately, the hotel is mostly known for Michael Jackson hanging his baby out the window.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>AndrewandKurt
<Content>This Place Stinks This is supposed to be the crown jewel of Berlin hotels. It ain't, it stinks. Staff is totally apathetic, the place stinks of cigarette smoke (and we were in the non-smoking floor) and the room we were assigned was cramped and uncomfortable. After two days we cut our losses (hotel would not give us a refund on our one week stay booked through expedia) and checked into the Swisshotel, which BTW is absolutely wonderful.Don't stay at the Kempi under any circumstance.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jujunation
<Content>Traveller Beware My husband and I booked the Adlon Kempinski Hotel in Berlin, Germany for 5 days, from December 28, 2007 through January 3, 2008. We booked directly through the hotel website. Our confirmation stated NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED, NOR WAS THERE ANY STATED POLICY REGARDING CANCELLATION. As we had difficulty receiving luggage (by the way NEVER AGAIN WILL WE FLY WITH UNITED AIRLINES) we called the Adlon Kempinski on December 25, 2007 and advised we may have to return to Canada if our luggage is lost or does not arrive, and thus, we would have to cancel our reservation. We were then advised IF WE CANCEL WE WOULD BE CHARGED THE FULL RATE OF OUR STAY, WHICH WOULD AMOUNT TO $2800 EUROS (EQUIVALENT TO ABOUT $4000 CAN)!! THEY ADVISED THIS WAS DUE TO A SPECIAL HOLIDAY POLICY WHICH WAS NOT OUTLINED ON THEIR WEBSITE, NOR STATED IN THE E-MAIL CONFIRMATION. After receiving our luggage (3-4 days later), we called to confirm we would be arriving. TODAY, THEY CALLED TO ADVISE THEY WERE PROCESSING THE FULL AMOUNT OF OUR STAY....WE HAVEN'T EVEN CHECKED IN!! WE ADVISED WE ARE NOT ALLOWING THE PROCESS, AND WE WILL NEVER RETURN TO GERMANY....THEY THEN MADE A SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT FOR US AND ADVISED THEY WOULD NOT PROCESS IT. We are frequent travellers to high-end destinations and have never come across a policy such as this, nor been treated in such an poor manner. We love and drive German cars, but thats where the love stops....it will be a very long time before we return to Germany. In all dealings with the German people it is evident they require an update in CUSTOMER SERVICE. TRAVELLER BEWARE IN GERMANY.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heidikraut
<Content>Simply Fabulous We celebrated my birthday here, spending 3 nights in September. We had the Adlon Experience which covered 2 nights and included a dinner in the restaurant. We then added an extra night to this. The location is fabulous and for my birthday breakfast I had a table with a view of the Brandenburg Gate, champagne and a brilliant breakfast. The breakfast buffet is the stuff of dreams including fresh fruit smoothies, 27 different types of tea, along with excellent selections of pastries, breads, cheese, fish, meat and lovely things. You can also order hot food - the bacon and eggs were excellent. The spa was luxurious, the room (deluxe) was sumptious and the bathroom was beyond belief. They arranged a lovely birthday cake for me too. All the staff were attentive without making a great deal of fuss. Checking in was a dream - it was straightforward and then someone escorted us to our room. I had to be dragged out by my heels at the end of 3 days. It was the best birthday, the best hotel and I'm definitely going back. Cocktails in the lobby were fantastic. Everything was fab.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lori749
<Content>Can't be the location Great location near Check Point Charlie,The Brandenburg Gate, The Holocaust Memorial. You can walk to a lot of history and shopping. The hotel is very large and can be overwhelming, however it is so beautiful especially around the holidays the ambiance is so wonderful. The lobby lounge was a place to people watch. The service is top notch. They serve a wonderful afternoon tea.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wongLeng
<Content>Luxury hotel with lots of charm and style       Cafe Einstein  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ASP2
<Content>Simply perfect Without doubt this is the nicest hotel we have ever stayed at. Absolutely everything about the place was perfect. Our room was so beautiful and the bathroom was fanastic with a huge shower and a separate bath with different types of bath salts. The bed was huge and really comfortable and it was a lovely tough to have it turned down for us each night with our slippers laid out. We got a good deal, but the prices at the hotel are pretty expensive, but you get what you pay for. The spa is amazing too, with a gorgeous pool and sauna and its just so relaxing. I would really recommend this hotel for a special break away.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dellapina
<Content>One of the best, ever This hotel is nearly flawless. The rooms are beautiful, the lobby is grand, the location is perfect. The spa is pristine but expensive. I had a standard room with a limited view - overlooked a garden courtyard - and it was probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever experienced. I can only imagine that the upgraded rooms are incredible. I dream of returning, maybe during the winter holidays, when the place is decked out in lights and decorations. Just wonderful in every way.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>katlovr
<Content>A classy hotel My daughter and I stayed at the Adlon for five days. It was her first trip to Europe and my first time in Berlin. The Hotel Adlon managed to exceed our already high expectations for its beauty and refinement, distinguished history, and gracious ambiance. The hotel was destroyed in world war II, but was rebuilt to replicate the early 1900's original, which was phenomenal in its time. there is a sense of history about the place and many photos and mementos of famous guests from throughout the many earlier decades. there is also a wonderful documentary about the adlon family and the hotel which can be viewed on television. this is in welcome contrast to much of central Berlin, which is filled with not very attractive modern buildings and new construction. the location is outstanding on the Unter der Linden, near the Brandenberg Gate and in the heart of a vibrant area with museums, cafes and historic buildings. The service was flawless, subtle and genuine at all levels. The rooms were very comfortable and well stocked. The hotel is spotless and evokes a bygone era, which is what we were seeking. i loved sitting in the elegant lobby bar, with its elaborate fountain and stained glass dome, reading and people watching, while listening to the live piano music drifting down from above on the bel etage, anytime between 3 p.m. and 1 a.m. daily. most guests appeared to be german, although there was a celebrity invasion on one day when matt damon and his entourage held a press event for his new movie. the food in the restaurants was excellent and they were able to accommodate us as vegetarians. we will never forget this special time and i am sure we will return to the adlon.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>John_Len
<Content>Service was terrible, building work started at 7:30am We staid for a weekend in the Adlon, great location, but service and stay were not up to 5 Star standards.Our room was nice and new, although in the new part of the hotel, ie long walk from reception. There was also building work going on as they are building a new Spa, which means that we could not stay/sleep in our room in the afternoon of our arrival.Service in the lobby was patchy, at breakfast just terrible, the amount of times we had to order, re-order items was just a joke and other guests around us had the same experience.The highlight of the trip was a wake-up call from the builders the next morning when work started at 7:30 (Saturday). We complained and the work stopped straight away, but we were awake nonetheless.In summary, make sure you are not close to the work, we would not go back. Seems to play too much on the old history card without delivering the service.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>jslnadel
<Content>great hotel The Adlon Kempinski hotel was in a great location with many sights very accessible. Beautifully decorated with class. Our only complaint was that it was too hi tech for us(my husband, 18 year old son and myself) all the lighting, television etc was very complicated and annoying to figure out and use. Other reviewer was right about the stiffness and formality of the staff but they were very professional and helpful. We booked a room through the hotel website (their 100thanniversary special rate , non refundable) waited to book it a few days before arriving. They upgraded us to a garden view because of construction. Room was on the small side but beautifulHotel staff offered to have their Limo drive us to the train station when we left.This was complimentary and a very generous service that was much appreciated!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fultonferry
<Content>Adlon World-class hotel Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Adlon. I decided to stay there because of its central location right next to the Brandenburg Gate and on the heel of Unter den Linden. Without a doubt it was the right choice. The hotel is within walking distance of many tourist sites including the Gate, the Holocaust Memorial, the beautiful and fascinating Mitte district and its many Cold War and WWII sites, Potsdammer Platz, and even Museum Island if you're an ambitious walker. If not, the S-Bahn is down the block. It's central location, however, means that you'll be surrounded by tourists looking for the perfect photo of the Gate, or the infamous Michael Jackson balcony at the hotel. There is construction outside the hotel, with a new S-bahn entrance being built, but you won't notice it at all from inside the building.I stayed in a Deluxe room overlooking the architecturally transparent Arts Academy, so it's not necessary to book a room overlooking Brandenburg Gate in order to get an interesting view. The windows open so I could easily also see the Reichstag and other buildings.The service is excellent, what you'd expect at a 5 star hotel. The food is also first rate, though expensive, so you might just pop over to the Starbucks across the street for breakfast. The lobby of the hotel was reminiscent of a more formal Peabody Hotel (Memphis) or an old-school hotel whose lobby is a gathering place for locals. The business center was always accessible, with 3 computers available for internet use. The staff was attentive and friendly, though formal. In fact if I have a complaint about this hotel, it would be its formality. I never felt quite as comfortable as I did at, say, the Halekulani or the Peabody. Overall, if I were to return to Berlin I might try a hotel more in the center of Mitte with a little less formality, but if you don't mind the stiffness, I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dfwmw
<Content>A Berlin institution restored A wonderful hotel right in the heart of Berlin. Everything was perfect.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>212Girl
<Content>Loved the Adlon Kempinski The Adlon Kempinski is a wonderful hotel in Berlin. Having never travelled to Berlin, I was awestruck by the Brandenburg Gate right next to the hotel, upon arrival at night. The hotel's decor is equally lush. The room is large and very well appointed. When I walked into the huge closet, there were robes awaiting (always a welcome touch) and a bag for shoes to be buffed overnight. The bathroom was equally huge and relaxing aromatherapies were tub-side. Perfect for unwinding after a long day. There was a bar and snacks that far exceeded the typical mini-fridge. The bed was very comfortable. All the lighting is updated so that you can control the lights from the bed, which is nice if you want to read or watch tv before turning in. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MonikaB
<Content>Wonderful Came here for a company conference.Everything from the bedroom to the conference organisation was perfect.Staff were helpful and polite and the rooms were of an exceptionally high quality.One of the best hotels that I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pekkopen
<Content>Excellent hotel This hotel made my trip to Berlin worth a while. Well done to Kempinski !!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>melba
<Content>What a Classic! Without doubt one of the top classic hotels in the world, absolutely beautiful, sizable room with a lovely bed, magnificent bathroom with separate toilet. Staff were very courteous and always willing to help, a great stay! Situated opposite the Brandenburg Gate the location is fabulous with large parks, Sony Centre nearby. It is only a 10 min walk to the major shopping areas and there is an underground station right at the front door. I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Searlv
<Content>Adlon - super friendly with old world charm Excellent 3 night stay here. The staff and extremely friendly and helpful - from hunting up a newspaper to bringing a forgotten bathrobe in the sauna. Concierge worked hard to get us the best restaurants (we were there during a state holiday) and wanted real feedback on her recommendations.The Old World atmosphere is charming and not too stuffy. Rooms are very nicely appointed and spacious. The gym is fine, not great although the spa facilitates are very verygood. The location is tops for doing the main Berlin sites - Brandenburg gate, Reichstag, Jewish memorial, Pergamon museum, Checkpoint Charlie, Cathedral, etc.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeans茫opaulo
<Content>sentimental journey During my whole life I had heard about my parents stay at the Adlon,they had been invited by the German governement so I thaught they ought to have been well treated...Now as an old lady I had the chance to go and stay there for 5 days,everything was perfect ,though I would not recommend it for a bunch of teenagers. Jean  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sailorboy4real
<Content>Incredible, my home in Berlin! The Berlin Film Festival was in full swing the day my Father and I arrived. A Junior Suite was ours for 3 days, it was located in the rear of the building on the 3rd floor. Room: Incredible, clean, fresh, extremely well appointed, generous amounts of storage. I loved the steam generator in the shower. Hotel Location: Perfect. My last visit to Berlin was in 1979, location of the hotel was in a bombed out wasteland. Now it is one of the most desirable places to stay.Transportation: Undergound train and taxi's out front, parking in the basement.Staff: Professionals, no BS here, our stay was so pleasant, Concierge knowledgable. Note that with a HUGE number of Celebrities in attendance, I still felt like an equal. At the Adlon, A key in hand is a key to city! I am going back soon!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HollyLee
<Content>Good, not amazing I stayed with my husband and some friends during a Central European vacation this past September. The location of this hotel is amazing and the rooms are immaculate. I also loved the gorgeous bathrooms with the bath salts and other amenities. However, there were some issues. For instance, my friend needed assistance in changing dollars to Euros and the hotel was not very helpful with his request. They were also quite upset with some nearby travelers for drinking coffee (brought in from an outside cafe) in their lobby, wanting them instead to purchase their own (far more expensive, of course) drinks. I still rate the hotel high for the facilities and location, but the experience was not five stars.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>JAMESY1982
<Content>deserves it's reputation as one of the best hotels in the world This is a fantastic hotel. The location is first class, the service is excellent and the interiror of the hotel is amazing. We stayed for three nights to celebrate an anniversary and stayed in the Delux Double, which is a good sized room with a massive bed. The staff are very friendly and always on hand. Easily the best hotel i've stayed in. The hotel is expensive, especially for food and drink but you get what you pay for. If you want luxury and are prepared to pay for it then this is the place  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HolyBoy
<Content>Berlin Legend This hotel lives well up to the reputation it has. The building ismagnificent, just next to the Brandenburg gate, walking distanceto Friedrichstrasse shopping (Quartier 206 mall).The interiors are very luxurious and grand and so are therooms. Had a room in the new wing, it had a view of a ugly side street (behrensstrasse?) but was brand newfurnished, very large with a walk-in wardrobe, marblebath, bedside control panels for A/C, lights, curtains etc.,large LCD TV which included the possibility of internetaccess, very well stocked minibar and everything else expected in a deluxe hotel.The public areas are very grand too, and the spa isbeautiful as well, with quite large pool, whirlpool,gym, solariums, Guerlain treatments.The downstairs restaurant Quarre is a large and crowdedplace serving quality dishes (had lunches there) whilethe restaurant Lorenz Adlon upstairs is an unique finedining experience with old-world flawless service andpremium haute cuisine. There are only very few tables in thisrestaurant and some have a direct view of the BrandenburgGate which makes the whole dining experience even moreenjoyable as do the sumptuous floral arrangements around.The Lobby is ideal setting for a cofee or a small daytimesnack.There is also an upscale dance/nightclub just next to the hotel(Club Felix), you have to use the hotel's back exit andit's just steps away, there were large crowds waiting toget in and if you stay in the Adlon you have privileged access there.The Adlon is of outstanding quality in all aspects andthe prices are according but it's worth they money spent.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller1959
<Content>A Matter of Taste Whether you like the Adlon or not is simply a matter of taste. There are so many luxury hotels in Berlin that it is simply a question which style you prefer. The Adlon is something for people who prefer opulent ambiance and a rather stiff service. Those who prefer a more relaxed atmosphere or cool, contemporary design select other hotels.In the Adlon, of course, everything is perfect: rooms, pool, public areas etc. We stayed in a junior suite for two nights. The suite was spacious, with a well-equipped pantry, high-tech audio-system, wooden floor, large three-colored-marble bathroom, separate toilet etc. However, you must prefer a somewhat plushy style to enjoy the ambiance.This is also true for the service. Service is attentive, of course. If you sit in any public area, within 30 seconds you will be approached by a waiter or waitress. This can be bothering.One unpleasant experience: After checking-in, a very young and very thin bell-girl offered to take our bags. Of course, my wife and I (we both are regularly exercising) refused and carried the bags by ourselves.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>barnmeister
<Content>Good, Very Good Stayed at the Adlon for a 3night break end of Nov , beginning of Dec and a very enjoyable stay it was. As it was my birthday the day we arrived there was a birthday cake awaiting our arrival in our room, they had upgraded our room level as well, plus all the touches you expect from a class hotel. The room had ample space for the extra bed we required for our son, this was in fact removed every morning when the room was cleaned and return late evening to enable us to have as much space as possible during the daytime, of course we were out most of the time but appreciated the extra area being available when we were in there. Front desk were excellent, very helpful with any queries, all the staff from the cleaners through to the door staff were always friendly. The hotel obviously as written in other reviews is located in a prime area,+ 10 secs from the front door there's an S bahn station for further exploring the city. As the saying goes  You get what you pay for, yes it's not the cheapest hotel in Berlin but well worth the extra as the rooms/service/location are in the top bracket. If anyone is thinking of treating someone to a special stay in Berlin then this is the place. Will have to try the 5 room presidential suite with security provided on our next trip, providing those lottery numbers come up of course !  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Geordie18
<Content>My favourite hotel in Berlin. Took my girlfriend to Europe for her birthday in december, we stayed in Berlin for three nights in a standard room and thought it was one of the smartest rooms ive ever stayed in. It was quite masculine, but it was classy. The restaurant serves beautiful food, we went to many recommended and classy restaurants but we enjoyed it in the hotel much more. They gave us a nice table next to the window with a spectacular view of the Brandenburg gate and the wine was excellent. The breakfast was probably the best ive ever had, i felt like a king. the hotel is in a great location, we did get taxis around but then if you want to see berlin you will have to get taxi's no matter were you stay. Everything in the hotel Adlon is sheer class, the pool and spa was like a palace. We got dropped off at the airport in the hotel car which was a maybach, one of the most luxurious cars in the world. Just be careful when directing taxis back to the hotel, there are two kempinski hotels in berlin, this one is known to locals as the 'Adlon'. Would recommend to anybody travelling to Berlin. You will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RCK52
<Content>Very good experience at a very classy hotel I had not stayed at the Adlon for more than five years. My previous experience had been mediocre. Expensive room, indifferent service, high priced drinks. I am very happy that I decided to go back for another stay. I was given a terrrific room overlooking the new memorial in Berlin. The staff was very accomodating of various needs and demands including helping me find space for several meetings. Every part of the experience was good with the possible exception of the wireless connection which worked sporadically. Best part was the reasonable price for a very elegant and well-located hotel. I am going back to the Adlon on my next trip.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MaMo911
<Content>Not as to be expected We visited the Adlon beginning september and i agree that it is overrated. The stuff is cold like a rock, the restaurant is pricey and the food does by far not live up to the price. Not to forget the unfriendly ma卯tre d'hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Lucylab
<Content>Loved the Adlon Hotel Adlon KempinskiBerlin, Germanyreviewer from Scarsdale, New YorkWe just returned from a trip to Berlin and Prague. Loved staying at the beautiful, luxurious well located Adlon Kempinski. The rooms are spacious and luxuriously appointed with marble bathrooms. The staff is gracious and helpful. Have tea and snacks in the elegant lobby and enjoy the scumptious buffet breakfast with an extensive selection. The fresh fruit juices are extraordinary. We throroughly enjoyed our stay and would return.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barratt
<Content>Adlon is the finest This is a fabulous property at the Brandenberg Gate. Superbly fitted and maintained with all the charm Berlin is famous for. Service was immpeccable and the rooms luxurious. People watching in the hotel's terrace cafe is a real joy.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggie23
<Content>The best hotel I have stayed in From the moment we arrived the service was wonderful. We were shown to are room by two members of staff and they explained how everything worked. The room was very large. Fresh fruit was provided. Also a bathrobe and slippers for your use. The bathroom was large and had a bath and shower and two sinks. The bathsalts were provided in very generous containers on the edge of the bath. The air conditioning very good and even though there was buiding work going on outside the hotel this could not be heard inside the room. each evening the beds were turned down and your slippers put out and a chocolate left on your pillow. Any towels used in the evening were replaced. Shoes were polished for free if you left them outside your door.The reception area was beutiful and was very nice place to sit and have a drink and snack or just watch the world go by. The staff are very helpful and friendly and make you feel very welcome each time you returned to the hotel. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as we thought it was expensive but there are plenty of cafes in the area. This hotel is worth the money and helped make the stay in Berlin very special  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Huncombs
<Content>Fantastic Hotel As someone who always counts on the tripadvisor reviews, I felt compelled to write one myself. First, the location cannot be beat. The hotel is walking distance to many interesting locations. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable. They seems to anticipate the simplest things. We stayed in a deluxe room and the size was tremendous compared to most European hotels. We strongly recommend a stay.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ceisen1037
<Content>Great Location and Generally Very Nice Just got back from an July 29-August 1st stay. This hotel has a great location-right next to the Brandenburg Gate. The staff is friendly and efficient and you really feel like an important person when you enter their doors with their royal treatment-though they asked us what kind of newspaper we wanted and then we never received it any of the days we were there. The rooms are beautifully decorated with a wonderful shower and bath. The sink area though was a bit cramped for two people to use-single sink in a small area. We had a standard room for the hotel I believe. The hotel is beautiful and because of its location-great for people watching. The dining room Quarre was not all that great and very expensive so locate other places to dine. Also the room safe was much harder to figure out than it should have been. Beware of the phone connection and usage charges. Overall enjoyable hotel-just not a five star for us.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FussyCustomer
<Content>Bliss in Berlin The Adlon is the hotel to stay when travelling to Berlin. The location is ideal - in the heart of Berlin - opposite of the Brandenburg Gate. All the main attractions in Berlin are easily accesible on foot.The rooms are lovely: very clean, spacious and tastefully designed. The staff was very friendly and always helpful.Even though the hotel is quite expensive it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SMS05
<Content>Great location and friendly staff Stayed here for 3 nights for a short city break having read the reviews here and finding a reasonably priced deal. Location great with numerous places to visit right on the doorstep or within walking distance. Yes, food at hotel is expensive but it was good and there are many restaurants and food joints around the hotel. The staff were helpful, accommodating and friendly. Room set up was good with separate toilet and walk in wardrobe.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TurtleCreekTraveller
<Content>Deserves Recognition as Germany's Top Ranked Hotel I've stayed at both the Swissotel and the Adlon. No doubt the Swissotel is nice, but the Adlon went above and beyond. From heated bath floors, to hardwoods, to myriad bath salts, to a small library and live plants in the room, to lighting and temperature controls via both bedside tables, the room was memorable...and was not even a suite. Service was superb, the legendary reputation earned at every turn, and the spa was nothing short of outstanding. Having stayed at a wide range of Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, Kempinski, Ritz, and other high-end properties, I assure you the hotel is outstanding...and well placed to everything from the Pergamom to the best of shopping in the city.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hebnerdo
<Content>One of the best hotels we have stayed in       A must see  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel The Aldon Kempinski in Berlin was just a beatiful property. Some restoration is still going on but it is minimal and as of May 2006, they were finishing up the last suites. You can request a room away from the construction. A very elegant and very expensive hotel but worth the visit. Located just a few steps from the Brandenburg Gate it is walking distance from several sites and parts of the city that visitors would want to see. The service was excellent and prompt. Meals were on the very expensive side but the tea service was not to be missed. There several upscale and modestly priced restuarants within wallking distance. The spa and pool located downstairs was very nice and they offer great spa services. Nice touch, the hotel provides an umbrella for each guest just remember to bring it back each day. Guset rooms were beatifully decorated with wonderfully appointed bathrooms. Huge closets and prompt room service.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money and plan to eat out Stayed 1 night with my wife broke of and moved to other hotel.The staff in reception was excellent after that it went downhillAsked for direction to ATM no luck, wanted to get new stockings no luck Service in restaturant is slow. Got charged full priced for a flat already opened botlle of Pelegrino sparkling water. Waiter kept removing ashtrays and never cameback with new one. Food was uninspiring and bland except for dessert.My wife orderred a fish dish instead of being honest and say it was not available they tried to recommend something else and told her she would not like it?When the disk arrived it was a different fish according to my wife Serving staff cold and treated people as it was a honour they allowed you in as a guest.Maybe we should have tipped big time to get the service I dont knowBreakfast was 32 Euro a head. Buns and danish was minuature versions and driedup buffet did not get restocked.Pool you are charged for. No wireless Internet in Room ?Now had it not been sited as the Best Hotel in Germany by the staff . I properly would not have written this review. So we moved out to another hotel. I have stayed in other 5 star hotels for half the price and I do expect prombt and friendly service at least .  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>texasdoc01
<Content>Perfect place to stay! I stayed three nights at the Hotel Adlon in late February. The hotel is absolutely magnificent, with a gorgeous lobby, excellent restaurants, and impressive rooms. Mine was full of rich mahogany cabinetry, granite floors and counters, recessed halogen lighting, and an extremely comfortable bed. Staff was without a doubt the most helpful and friendliest I have ever encountered, and all speak impeccable English. I was standing outside my room fumbling with the key and a young bellman at least 100 feet away noticed and rushed over to help me with the lock. I ended up departing around 5 am for an early flight, and the staff at the front desk actually unlocked the restaurant and made a pot of coffee just for me! The location is impossible to beat, since you literally walk out the front door and find the Brandenburg Gate right in front of you. I recommend this hotel most highly and I really can't think of anything to criticize!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Veryfussy
<Content>Very good hotel The Adlon is a very good hotel. The location is excellent...you literally step out to the Brandenburg gate. The public areas are well cared for and everything is new. The furnisihings in the rooms are high quality with flat screen TV, DVD and a fantastic shower.The room (executive) was a decent size for a city hotel. The quality of the food at breakfast was very good although the range and presentation was not as good as some hotels I have been to. Service was friendly and efficient.The staff are young and quite informal. The hotel was beautifuly decorated for Christmas and buzzing with people.It wasn't a hotel that grabs you or felt particularly special but everything was good quality. For a hotel of this standard it was good value although Berlin is not Paris or Rome so you would expect prices to be lower. It is an interesting place though and I would recommend the Jewish Museum .  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bspoll
<Content>Great but not worth the hyperbole We stayed for 2 nights at the Adlon after reading the reviews on this site . Sad to say it didnt live up to the hype written by others here. Ridiculously overpriced coffees and drinks , the Spa isnt even free to guests and our TV didnt work ! On the other hand the service was outstanding , the location and grandeur were fabulous but its a little too staid to be counted as the best this city has to offer  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarcTraveler
<Content>A real palace is reborne Everything has been written on the previous reviews. It is a large hotel for European luxury standard with 400 rooms but the service is very effective and there is a real attention to details.The public rooms and the corridors are a little bit cold with a corporate hotel style but the lobby bar is always busy and its carte proposes 3 kinds of Champagne by glass: it is a real mark of luxury isn't it?The bathrooms of the standard rooms are more impressive than the bedrooms themselves: eleborate lighting, black marble, panels in wood, separate square shower (with rain and hand shower), large bathtube, separate toilet (with clever double access) and good radio speakers.The twice daily maid service, the room service as well as the night shoe cleaning were absolutely perfect during my 2 night stay.So do not hesitate... stay in this historical Palace rebuild on the ruins of the 20th Century History.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>History lesson with panache Stayed at the Adlon for 4 nights in September, during the Berlin Marathon. What fun! The room was perfectly designed, with excellent storage and a fabulous bathroom. The view of the Brandenburg Gate was wonderful, and the marathon went right in front of the hotel. The lobby is a fun place for people watching; all kinds of people come through here. The history of the hotel is fascinating and puts you in a great mood for sight-seeing. My only complaint is that housekeeping was slow at times, and did not respond to a shirt pressing request as they should have. But the apology included beautiful flowers and wine, so it was handled well by management. Overall, a great place to stay, with very friendly (and attractive) staff, especially in the restaurant and lobby. By the way, we walked over to Potsdamer Platz (where the Ritz and Hyatt are), and I don't see what the fuss is about. That area is basically a large outdoor mall, with no obvious charms. I think in Berlin, you should stay in a historic area, such as near the Ku'Damm, or the Spree, or near Unter Den Linden, to really experience it properly.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent; you won't be disappointed! We stayed at the Hotel Adlon for 4 nights last month (8/2005). In my 10 years of having the privilege and good fortune to stay at 5-star hotels around the world, I can say that this is the best I've ever stayed at.Highlights: the staff were excellent; the rooms were large and very clean; the breakfast is a perfect way to start your day; and the location is second-to-none - right next to Brandenburg Gate and the S-Bahn is right outside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Universal22
<Content>An Excellent Experience       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andreadoria56
<Content>Pampered at Hotel Adlon       A lovely room with an almost maritime feel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vikrina
<Content>Fabulous hotel!! Service - view - location - pool! The Adlon is rated as one of the top 5 hotels in Europe, and with good reason! The site is gorgeous, incredibly convenient to historical sites, and has an amazing view of the recently refurbished Brandenburg Gate. The rooms are tremendous, service is outstanding, and the pool is a decadent Greco-Roman paradise in the middle of Berlin! I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(3699228, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed at   showReview(3613630, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kismet007
<Content>A slice of heaven in Berlin   showReview(3439998, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't eat there!   showReview(3297359, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Europe   showReview(3238030, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Berlin at its best   showReview(2859280, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair in October 2004   showReview(2792323, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Boss_Hogg
<Content>Best place I've ever stayed   showReview(2483178, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bstrick
<Content>Best Hotel in Berlin   showReview(2265436, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oli-on-trip
<Content>nearly perfect   showReview(1190237, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Keinefroesche
<Content>Wird dem selbst gestellten Anspruch nicht gerecht   showReview(20978438, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mit Tradition und zentral   showReview(19645474, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sailingking
<Content>Das beste Haus am Platz   showReview(18943944, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wunderbares Hotel   showReview(22948836, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr grosse Entt盲uschung,es z盲hlt anscheinend nur der Name   showReview(17439842, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, hervorragender Standard   showReview(16596255, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>berto20
<Content>Une exp茅rience superbe   showReview(16481921, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut Top   showReview(15578515, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Berlins bestes Hotel?   showReview(15578514, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxus aber sehr dezent   showReview(13984584, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>einfach wunderbar und sehr luxurioes   showReview(13196829, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr beeindruckend   showReview(11313785, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Berlins bestes Hotel   showReview(11313784, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einschecken und genie脽en   showReview(11660335, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Death79
<Content>El mejor hotel de la ciudad   showReview(8256293, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>beeindruckt   showReview(11434359, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel in Top Lage   showReview(11388943, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxus pur   showReview(11384320, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

