<Author>OffTheBeatenPath
<Content>Cold, Uncomfortable, Mediocre Service, But Good If You Need a Washer The Suites at 1 King West is an adequate but not plush business hotel. A number of issues, taken together, made it less than comfortable. Given the number of preferable options in Toronto, I am not likely to return, nor would I recommend this hotel to others. For someone needing to stay a week or more, the concept might be attractive. The rooms come with a small kitchen, dishwasher, and washer and dryer. I didn鈥檛 use any of these, but they appeared to be in working order. The room itself was reasonably well decorated, although small for a suite. A small desk was provided, with a wired internet connection for $9.99 a day. The bathroom was nothing outstanding 鈥?no bathtub, just a shower with weak water pressure. The tower I was in seemed old, even though the room had been redecorated; this was most evident in the room鈥檚 insulation and heating / fan. A colleague told me he had stayed in the hotel鈥檚 other tower before, and been impressed with the room, but that his room on the 45th floor in my tower during this stay was much shabbier. None of my three colleagues liked their rooms during this stay.Negatives to consider before booking:鈥?The floor to ceiling windows in my room let in a lot of cold air and noise from the wind (it was December, but not particularly cold or windy). 鈥?The fan on the heater / air conditioner was extremely noisy, to the point that it woke me up several times each the night when it came on. Because the windows let in so much cold air, the heater needed to run most of the night.鈥?The bed was very firm, which I found uncomfortable.鈥?I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room. While my room (1602) itself had been heavily perfumed, the hallway outside my room reeked of cigarette smoke.鈥?The water pressure in the shower was weak 鈥?I couldn鈥檛 get the shampoo and conditioner fully out of my hair.鈥?The hotel does not stock the same toiletries other hotels do. A colleague had forgotten his mini toothpaste. At most business hotels, you can get a free mini toothpaste at the front desk if you鈥檝e forgotten yours. At the Suites at 1 King West, they directed my colleague to the Shoppers store across the street to buy toothpaste.鈥?The room next door had put out room service trays for pickup before I arrived in the late afternoon. The next morning, they were still there. The next afternoon, still there. Two days later when I checked out, they were still sitting out in the hallway with the food  beer drying up on them. That was pretty disgusting.All in all, for the money you can find a better business hotel with more accommodating service in Toronto.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>SigKelowna
<Content>Good solid Hotel Over all this is a great hotel and was as good as we were expecting. It is rated as a 4 star and is generally that but may fall short on the TV and the halls to the rooms. However the bed was great and the little kitchen was excellent.. The location is right on the subway, near Union Station and clsoe to most downtown attractions.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misterfusty
<Content>Don't leave your valuables around! We'd previously stayed at this hotel two years previously and had a great time, which is why we booked it again.However this time we were really let down by poor security staff and customer service, which ruined our visit and the next time I am lucky enough to be in Toronto I will not stay here again.My wife had her engagement ring and earrings stolen from our room, only a day after we got married. These we're only lefton her bedside table for a few hours before they were discovered missing. We searched the room throughly and reported it to the hotel. It was unfortunate that this happened the day we were leaving to fly to Vancouver for our honeymoon, so we had no time to report the matter to the police. The hotel said they would look into the matter for us and we understood that they would report the stolen items. We gave them our contact details in Vancouver so they could let us know what happenedwith their investigation.No phone call was made. After returning home to the UK we emailed the hotel asking about the police report etc. An email eventually got back to us saying they were looking into it and that no member of cleaning staff had owned up to stealing the items.Of course they wouldn't! We called the head of security and left a message, but it took him a long time to get back to us.We were eventually told that we needed to file a police report and that they couldn't do it. Why did they not tell us this at the time?They said they would give us their own report to pass on to our insurers. Almost two months down the line and we still have yet to receive this. My wife was very upset at the loss of these items as they were of signicant personal value but I we have come to the conclusion that the hotel could care less.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>ia3020
<Content>Awesome Hotel! My first stay here and I cant wait to stay here again! The room was magnificent! High ceilings, view of downtown...We stayed on the 8th floor.......Staff was great and friendly! Room had useful appliances such as tea kettle, microwave......also had washer dryer and dishwasher. Fabulous hotel, definately recommended!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>edmb
<Content>Great Location Downtown We stayed here for 2 days in October. The location is perfect if you are going to an event at the Air Canada Centre or want to go shopping at the Eaton Centre. We stayed in the historical section of the hotel on the 5th floor. The ceilings were very high and the furnishings are luxurious. The rooms have a washer and dryer, dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave, stove top and work area. They also provide dishes and cutlery which makes it ideal for people staying here extended periods and who do not want to eat at restaurants for every meal. The only downside of our room was the noise level from the street. Being this low, I would have expected them to have a at least double glazing on the windows, but they seemed to be single glazed, and as a result, we could hear the traffic and sirens all night long. A couple of friends stayed here at the same time and their room was on the 36th floor of the tower. Although the room was smaller, with lower ceilings and laid out like a traditional hotel room, there was no street noise and they had a great view of the waterfront. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Toronto, however I will be requesting to stay on a higher floor in the tower rather than the historical section which only has 12 floors.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Winnipeg_Dave
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great service, great price. We booked a studio suite for 3 nights over a weekend with an average price of $215. We stayed on the 8th floor in the 鈥渙ld section鈥?which didn鈥檛 provide for a nice view of the city but was certainly adequate and quiet.We had no problems at all on the trip and had good help and service from the staff as required. There is a self-serve restaurant two blocks south of the hotel called Richtree Market. I had breakfast there on the last day regretting that I had missed the previous two days! Lovely place with an enormous selection of great food throughout the day. Look it up on the 鈥榥et.The Studio Suite was a good size with dishwasher, washer, dryer, iron and board, hot plate, coffee maker, and a good sized fridge. Cutlery, glasses, etc too. The bed was very comfortable (which is a true compliment as I have become something of a princess in my advancing years鈥? and the room was clean.Friendly people at the lobby bar who gave us some good tips on nightlife in the evenings. The Valet folks were helpful with pointers for the subway and other minor travel help.The only downside was the expensive internet access in the lobby. Although they have three computers available, at 50 cents per minute, taking a few minites to check email each day starts to add up! They should consider dropping the cost by half or perhaps making it entirely free.Next time I鈥檓 in Toronto I鈥檒l be staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ZandaSpain
<Content>Up in the clouds Great place to stay. Suite 3107 was very comfortable and had a good kitchen and washer/dryer too. Great views over the Lake and Islands. Staff were efficient and friendly. We found lots of good restaurants nearby and with the PATH system available from the basement of the hotel we could walk anywhere and lots of food courts were available.Got a good discount and upgrade from the hotel when I booked it, and we will be going back again in 2009.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AlFalkirk
<Content>Location,Location,Location This was our second stay at the suites ( stayed for 10 days Sep 07). This time we were upgraded to a suite on the 46th floor with 270 degree view of TO - Fantastic! As a base for visiting TO it cannot be beaten - direct access to PATH and fall out the door to subway or streetcar. Suites are very well equiped - washer and dryer a boon. One very slight gripe - lack of hanging space.Staff are very unobtrusive yet friendly and efficient when requiredTuesday to Sat do yourself a favour and walk to St Lawrence market for the best bacon roll in the world!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luthgicap
<Content>Great Hotel       Hotel from distance  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RicknvalVictoria
<Content>Felt Right at Home After a six month stay in Europe it was great to get back to Canada and we felt right at home here though we live on the West Coast. Staff were friendly and efficient and we really needed time on the free high speed internet. Our suite was cheaper than most but had all we needed,,including a washer and dryer! The location is suberb for the tasks we had to do and we walked right to the train station!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Pakk
<Content>Really nice, affordable place.       room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>debaser_79
<Content>Great Location in Toronto This was our first stop in trip from Toronto to New York. The hotel was in a great location to stroll to shops, restaurants and most attractions. There is also a subway right outside. After our long flight from the UK we found the Suites to be very clean, comfortable and well furnished, and the room was bigger than expected. The bed was very comfy!There is a great gym on the 12th floor, which has a great view of the city. Didn't try the jacuzzis, but they looked good! Didn't try the food in the hotel either, but there are plenty of restaurants nearby (can particularly recommend Over Easy for breakfast, great staff and food!)A few minor niggles, staff could be friendlier (with the exception of the concierge who was great) as we found them to be slightly aloof, no wi-fi in rooms, which we would expect for the calibre of hotel and seems to be standard even for hotels of a lower rating. We were on the 6th floor in the historic section and experienced some road noise as other reviewers have commented on. All in all, we would recommend this hotel as a great base for Toronto. We found it was well priced given the location, but would strongly recommend requesting a higher floor.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>podirish
<Content>great place to stay this hotel is in are great location, theres a subway right under the hotel, the cn tower is about 10 15 min walk, theres loads or great restaurants nearby, the hotel is v clean , the onlt problem was the vault bar does not open up, its onlt opens for big group bookings. if i were to go back tp toronto this is where i would stay  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Alysha08
<Content>Suite hotel in downtown toronto If you want suite facilites (fridge, microwave, stove even a washer and dryer) in a downtown hotel this is the place to stay. it feels very new as if it is recently renovated. Very tastefully decorated and located right next to the subway station. The only problem we had was its entrance is a little hard to see being hidden by the subway signs so it took us 3-4 passes on king street to find it. if you are driving to the hotel better come on Yong street, the main entrance is on Melanie street a little quiet street just before king. Parking was expensive 40$ a day but it is similar in any other downtown hotel. the conceirge was VERY helpful and knowledgable.We did not eat here but they have buffet style breakfast in lobby everyday. of coures you have to pay for it. There are many nice places for breakfast closeby- Over easy and Tim Horton's.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellbuoy
<Content>Who needs the CN Tower ... ... when they can stay at Suites at 1 King West?! We had a suite on the 40th floor. The view was so spectacular that we did not bother going up the CN Tower, though this supposedly is one of THE tourist things to do in Toronto.The hotel's downtown location makes it easy to get everywhere, the staff was very friendly and the suite was clean, spacious and had a washing machine we were happy to use.Unfortunately the hotel does not provide free WiFi. You have to pay 9 Dollars for a day's access. Not an enormous amount of money, but still it is strange as so many cheaper hotels do provide internet access for free.We booked via the city of Toronto's tourism website and got a very good rate, by the way.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BettyBoopClaire
<Content>Very Central       View of City 39th Floor  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>partick
<Content>Superb Hotel My wife and I stayed at The Suites for eight nights at the end of August . Everything about the hotel from its location through the comfort and cleanliness of the suites to the friendly and helpful staff was absolutely excellent. We payed an average of $169 plus taxes a night and thought it was worth every penny. Suites at 1 King West will be our automatic choice of hotel in Toronto from now on.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Giltmirrors
<Content>Great base in Toronto Due to the keen price for this hotel, we were pleasantly surprised once we entered the majestic foyer, and even more pleased when we saw our room.This place is excellent for travellers. The rooms are v well appointed, the bed v comfortable and big, and extras provided are second to none.We had been travelling for a few days, and were delighted to be able to use the washing machine and dryer provided before we continued on the second part of our journey.The view from the room was fantastic. We asked for a lake view on a high up floorThe Business facilities provided are v good - free internet access - always a great bonus.The bar is fine - good cocktails and barfood, but maybe a couple of dubious local characters there touting for some afterhours business.The area itself is close to the harbourfront, but we would recommend going to Yorkville for the atmosphere and the restaurantsAll in all, you can't go wrong if you stay here  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>theonly1iknow
<Content>Fantastic!       View from room 3711 - Very Rainy!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kpbenisch
<Content>Very Happy with service, room, location and price. My husband and I had a fabulous experience at the Hotel, the rooms were clean, spacious, modern,quiet and very well equipped. We found the hotel the perfect location and centrally located within walking distance from all the attractions we had planned to attend. The staff was helpfull and friendly and always ready to help with a friendly smile.. As for price, you could not find a better hotel in such a good location at this price in Vancouver thats for sure.We have travelled from coast to coast in this country and this hotel gave us by far the best bang for our buck with highest quailty service. We will be staying there again on our next visit to Toronto for sure.Karen and Peter Williams Lake B.C.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonDaveL
<Content>A room with a view 鈥?and a dishwasher       View from suite 2410  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>anjoola
<Content>Best Holiday yet       view  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>JollioPeppers
<Content>Left Feeling Like a Victim I should have taken it as a sign of things to come. From the beginning service was slow and poorly organized: Our room was ready, and then it wasn't. I had made a deposit, then records showed I hadn't. The fridge in our room had defrosted and water had leaked all over the place. I overlooked these minor things as it was a nice enough place to stay on a group rate.Then I left the hotel and realized the valet (which you are forced to park with) had damaged my car. When this was brought to the attention of the staff and management they did everything in their power to squirm out of having to take responsibility. I felt betrayed, ripped-off and more furious than I'd been in years (not to mention left with a $800 repair bill I have to pay out of pocket).I ask that you choose another of Toronto's fine hotels. Not only because I would love them to lose business as a sort of karmic retribution, but because for the money, you can do a lot better.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>sakiScotland
<Content>A Great Choice We stayed here for 12 nights in July 2008 and found it a really great choice. We enjoyed an excellent view over the harbour out to the islands, from the 35th floor. The room was spacious with king bed and the 'suite' features of fridge, coffee/tea making, washer and drier (though we made little use of the last two). Staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the concierge service, though beware the delivery charge if booking tickets from them. The hotel is central and well-placed for underground and tram-(street-) cars - weekend and weekly tickets are good value. We found using them allowed us to get around a lot of Toronto very easily in the summer heat. Hotel dining is limited but lots nearby, including Richtree for breakfasts. Overall, we were very pleased and would stay again. Only negatives were shower only - no bath, and there were times we'd have welcomed a soak, and a slightly noisier than usual aircon system.Nick  Aileen (Falkirk)  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lassieshropshire
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel. I stayed for 3nights in early July with my husband and 2 teenage sons sharing 1 room. Plenty of space, 2 TVs, Very clean. Nice bar area. Frendly staff and good position. For the money it is hard to fault it.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>maryvale
<Content>Great midweek deal, a few minor issues We got a great midweek deal through a Web site ($140 a night), and my boyfriend had stayed here before and loved it. The location was perfect -- right next to a subway -- and I thought it had a good atmosphere. Drinks at the hotel bar one night were uneventful, despite listening to the staff gossip and flirt with each other.We had just a few problems. 1) The AC didn't cool the room to the temperature we dialed in. (68 and still so hot in the night!) 2) I called down one day and asked for two extra towels and they never arrived, even though the woman who answered the phone noted that she was writing it down. (How about just bring them instead of making a note of it?) I called again for the towels the next morning, and it still took 25 minutes or so for them to come upstairs. 3) The internet situation is a little backwards. There's ethernet cables upstairs, in the rooms, for which you pay $10 a day, plus taxes, but there's free wi-fi in the lobby. Huh? I want wi-fi for my mobile devices in the room.Other than these fairly minor complaints, we liked our stay, and thought the room amenities -- washer and dryer, dishwasher -- were very, very cool.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>Demonsfan
<Content>No hot water. Dirty rooms and Unhappy staff. Need I say more ? I was in TO for a few days and decided to try 1 King because of their location. I guess I should have read the reviews first. Their staff is very unpleasant if not rude when I arrived. Every day that I stayed there I had not seen a smile. Maybe they don`t pay their staff well.The ``suites`` are really dingy and unclean very small bachelor apartments. I found dirt under the bed and in the bathroom - it was disgusting. They also seem to have a HUGE PROBLEM with hot water which worked intermittently and one day did not work at all.I would NEVER STAY THERE again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>krasnj
<Content>Very nice hotel in great location I am originally from Toronto and was coming back to visit and show my hometown from 15 years ago to my fiance (yes, I left a long time ago). We spent some time at my relatives but wanted at least one night to ourselves, and we wanted to be close to the theatres as we had a show that night. One of my relatives recommended this hotel to me.The hotel was great. Everything went along and worked without any problems and the staff were very friendly and efficient.The suite was quite large and had a great view over part of the lake and city - very impressive at night. The room was fully equipped and the kitchen was handy to have.The location is what it is - great! - and you connect directly to the subway.As an added bonus, they were filming a depression-era period movie the next Morning just outside, so it was fun to see all the extras and props on the street.Great experience and the fiance loved it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>andiegav123
<Content>OK hotel, good value for money This hotel was very average, but clean and sufficient for a weekend stay and a good value for the money. We checked in no problem; check in is at 3 and we were there at 12 and our room was ready for us which was very nice. We were on the 24th floor, suite 2401, a superior suite. It had a smaller bed then expected... I believe it was a full, not even a queen! That was a bit dissapointing, but the room it self was tastefully decorated. Nice bathroom, not huge, but large enough. The only problem was the AC didn't seem to be working well; it was VERY warm in the room. I put the AC down to 66 for it to kick in, and we went out for the afternoon. When we returned at 4pm it was still the same temperature in the room (78 degrees). We called maintainence, and they came right up and fixed it. They had to manually shut it and restart and said, oh this happens all the time!... they were VERY nice and did indeed fix it, but its weird that they have the same problem over and over again with AC units. The room itself was clean, small things stood out though like scratches/scuffs on the wall and some lint on the bed linens. Linens were nothing special, just white and plain. Like I said, nice room, average size, beautiful view, but excellent for the value.Worst problem were the PILLOWS... hard as rocks and the next morning me and my husbands necks were killing us. Not very comfortable either, on the hard side.We would go back again because I though it was a good value. The staff was all very nice. For a weekend stay and somplace to sleep (granted you bring your own pillows) it was sufficient.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Ash-in-NYC
<Content>Everything it is Cranked Up to Be! Great hotel! First time -- even though I did not require or use them -- I have EVER had a dishwasher, clothes washer and dryer in a hotel room (in addition to fridge, microwave, etc.). The room itself was very tastefully decorated and comfortable. I was on the 28th floor and enjoyed a lovely view of the Toronto's bristling skyline.I am a 68-year-old bachelor and a bit fussy. If I had had a bathtub -- in combination with or in addition to -- the shower in the bathroom, I would have been in heaven. I happen to prefer a tub or tub-shower combination to a shower. But it was a very nice shower.This hotel was everything the reviews said it would be and perhaps a bit more. It is centrally located (I walked from the train station to the hotel which was only two or three blocks away) and right near a metro station and lots of places to shop and eat. Toronto has an extensive underground shopping and dining mall. One can enter it directly from the lobby of the hotel.There is a suana, exercise room and pool, but since my visit was so short (3 days), I did not use them (but I did check them out). There was also free internet service on three computers in the lobby.I only had one meal in the hotel (room service is available): breakfast in its lobby. It was a lovely buffet with hot and cold selections, but (for me) slightly overpriced at aproximately US$20. Especially, when one can step out of the door or go down to the underground mall and find something much cheaper.The staff was polite and helpful. And my room was as silent as tomb. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cdourz
<Content>Dreadful experience for us... I was shocked at the rudeness we experienced at this hotel. We'd booked our stay as extended stay guests, as we stayed for a whole month at this property. The sales rep, Jonathan, was very polite and professional, but I guess he was an exception at this hotel!On our first day, the AC did'nt work. The AC technician came up to check it out and told my husband offhandedly that he should actually put the temprature up (?????) We did...did'nt work....we call them the next day, and are told by another technician that we need to put the temperature down! We tried it all...up, down, it did'nt work. The first technician came up and spoke to me with his back facing me throughout, eventhough he was'nt working on the AC!We were finally moved to another suite, and the AC worked fine, but we had no hot water when we got back to the hotel in the evening....it carried on for 4 days before they found a permanent solution!All the time, we'd been ordering kids meals from room service for my children, but, one night we were told that they had no more kids meals, and it was a management decision. My husband called Guest services To inquire further and was told that they no longer cater to kids as they are a business hotel!The next day, they magically had kids meals!!!!!! Then one day, the garbage was not taken out of our room, and when I contacted guest service, I was told by: You take out your garbage, go to the end of the hall, there's a refuse room there, you open the door, put it in there, just as you do as home! When I told her I don't even do it at home (Yes, I am a spoilt well-off lady...sue me) I was told: The rest of us are not so fortunate, and we have to do it ourselves!....Front desk never smiled at us for the duration of our stay.As for the hygeine standard, when we first entered the room it was dusty and dirty. The wardrobe was never swept, and towels and shampoo were never replenished.The only advantage of this hotel is the view and location, but it is'nt worth it, as all downtown toronto hotels are close to some form of public transport.I would'nt recommend this hotel. I expect to be treated with courtesy and respect where I choose to spend my money...don't you?  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>MJ24
<Content>Absolutely Loved this Hotel I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel. First, location. I took public transportation from the airport which if you have some time and want to save some money, this is the way to go. For $2.50 I took the Rocket bus (#192) to Kipling Station and then took the Subway to the King stop and walked upstairs to find the hotel. Overall the trip took about an hour. Upon arrival at the hotel at 12:40pm was told that my room was ready which was a pleasant surprise (I was prepared just to drop off my bags and head over to the Rogers Centre). The guy who checked me in suggested I take a cab if I wanted to make it to the game on time which I did. It's about a $6 cab ride otherwise it's about a 25 min walk (which I did on my way back from the game). Next, the room itself was wonderful which a nice kitchen and very comfy bed. I had an interior room so no view but that's fine since I wasn't planning on spending much time in the room. The floor I was on was very quiet so I was able to sleep like a baby. The decor was very nice and modern and the bathroom was a nice size. I would have liked to see a hook of sorts to hang your towel especially since they are into reusing to conserve energy.I was only there for one night so I can't comment on the maid service but all in all everything else was great. On Sunday I stored my bag so I could continue sightseeing. Toronto is a great city with lots to do and easily accesible for folks like me who like to walk. I was fortunate to be there this weekend when they were having an outdoor Art Exhibit on the grounds of City Hall. Wow, what a great time, with tons of local artists selling their work. I took a harbor tour which was very nice. Didn't get a chance to go up the CN Tower (next time) nor enough the many great restaurants they have (Summerlicious was also happening and I didn't take advantage of it either).This hotel is near all if you walk or take public transportation. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm in Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scotlass99
<Content>Perfect! We spent our first 2 nights of our trip in this hotel and cannot rate it highly enough. We stayed on the 24th floor, overlooking the harbour (opposite side from CN Tower). The room was bright, modern and functional. The kitchen area was ideal as we were able to wash and dry clothes for the rest of our trip! The bed was so comfortable we slept like babies! The staff were incredibly helpful, always saying Good morning, how are you? as you passed.We also asked the concierge about train services for the next part of our trip, and he was very helpful and let us use the hotel phone.All in all, I was very impressed by this hotel. It does not only look good, but has substance too. I would recommend this hotel for location also!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>foodguru2u
<Content>Worst Experience Ever - Buyer Beware This trip was supposed to be a nice stress free couple of days in Toronto. You know the kind, a short drive from Buffalo, go to a play, and stay a couple of nights in a nice hotel. Well, it was anything but that. First, we arrived about an hour before the 3pm check-in time, went to the desk and asked if we could check in a little early. The person at the desk, in a rude tone, said one word NO. He then said that our room was not ready. You should know that check out time is 11am. Apparently 4 full hours isn't enough to ready a room. He said that we should be able to check in at 2:30. At 2:30 we went to the desk and this time there were different people behind the desk, who by the way must have also graduated from the same how to be rude to hotel guests college. I asked again if we could have our room. You guessed it; we got the same one word response, the big N-O. So we waited in the lobby bar, paid $10 each for 6 ounce glasses of cheap Molson Canadian draft beer and then went to the desk promptly at 3pm. This time they finally gave us our room key. By the way, when we made the reservations through their hotel reservation 800 number, we were told that hotel parking would be $35 per day, but when we checked in they charged us $40. When I questioned the difference, I was rudely told that I was wrong, basically calling me a liar about what I was told.OK, now it was time to go to our room. We paid for what they called a Superior SUITE which was nothing more than a 12 foot by 12 foot single room with a bed and a TV. Get this; the bathroom had only a shower and no tub. The shower curtain did not even reach the floor so after taking a shower, the entire bath mat was soaked. Also the shower head was so bad and wouldn't tilt down. If you were 8 foot tall and stood flat up against the far wall, the water might actually hit your chest. For normal people, it basically would aim no lower than your face. You get the picture. Back to arriving at the room. We did the customary 30 second tour and discovered that the freezer section of the small refrigerator was a solid block of ice and because of that it no longer was cooling the refrigerator section. You could probably put a cup of hot coffee in it overnight and it would still be not for breakfast. We spent about an hour defrosting the freezer with a hair dryer. After that it worked fine.We went to dinner and the play and then back to the hotel. The next morning after trying to take a shower with that awful shower head, we both decided it wasn't worth the extra $200 (including taxes) and another $40 plus taxes to stay there another night so we decided to check out and go home but the disaster didn't stop there. We had parked our 3 month old SUV in the hotel's $40 per day valet parking. Apparently they park the cars underground. After about 15 minutes, the finally brought up our car. We loaded the luggage and I did a quick tour around the car, checking for damage. Low and behold, I reach the rear passenger area and it was completely coated with dried up cement powder. It was clear that something bad was dripping on the rear corner all night. At first I was rudely told that it was there when I brought the car in so I demanded to talk to a manager. Two managers came out about 15 minutes later. They went down to the spot the car was parked in and did confirm that the damage was caused by a leak in the ceiling above my car. They wouldn't even refund my money. All they offered was to have one of their guys wash it off. A half our later they bring the car back and you guessed it, all they washed was the corner of the car.So if you decide to stay at this hotel, all I can say is, it was your decision and you were warned.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>TimmmyJoe
<Content>Close to Everything I travel to Toronto frequently (about 15 to 20 times a year) and like to rotate my hotel stays between about 6 hotels in the downtown core.In December I travelled to this hotel for the first time on business. I must say from the staff to the facilities to the overall charm of the hotel I instantly found a new favourite place to rest my head while in Toronto. Everything was tip top and the location is hard to beat.In June I decided to take my wife and little boy on a weekend family trip to Toronto (my home away from home). I had remembered my stay here in December and wanted to show my wife and child Dad's favourite hotel. Now while not an ideal family hotel (the lack of rooms with 2 beds is the only reason), the service and location did not fail to deliver, once again. We stayed in a one-bedroom unit with a pull out sofa and everything worked out very well. Overall I am not a loyal customer to any one hotel, as I have said I do like to give a new place a go from time to time. This place though may just have changed my mind...You will not be dissapointed!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>raginasian238
<Content>Fabulous This hotel was wonderful. Every staff member was friendly. We especially liked the bartenders, who pointed us in the direction of some awesome local hotspots. The room itself was immaculate - there was even a small washer and dryer to do laundry. The location of this hotel was great - it was one block from the Hockey HOF and just a few blocks from St. Lawrence Market. The subway is right outside the hotel, on the corner of King and Yonge. There are bars, shops, and restaurants all around. We absolutely loved our stay here. I recommend this for everyone, unless you are on a tight budget - valet parking is $40/day and the internet is $9.95.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DizzyOAP
<Content>Room with a view Wecoming staff and helpful concierge. Clean good sized room (not really a suite). Given a room on 32nd floor with side lake view without asking. Only problem the sliding bathroom door which was difficult to keep shut, so not good if two sharing. Good location.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>BiznisTravlr
<Content>Poor Quality Overall While the front desk staff were able to accomodate my request for an early check-in upon arrival in the monring, I was quite dissapointed with most other aspects of my stay.The room itself had ample room, everything just felt as though corners were cut. The room itself needed some TLC, and felt a bit tired for a relatively new hotel.Staff was only average, room service was poor, and overall, hotel feels like it needs a power-washing on the outside, and a staff facelift/morale boost on the inside.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>eggcuplday
<Content>Perfect Location Location, location, location! My husband and I stayed for three nights at this property and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The best part of this hotel is the proximity to transportation, theatre and restaurants. Staff was very helpful; room was clean with a great view of the city and Toronto Islands from our 39th Floor room. Would recommend for anyone coming to Toronto for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djb1gator
<Content>Sweet Suites Just returned from a six night stay at the Suites at 1 King West, and could not be happier with our choice. Front desk staff was friendly, professional, and efficient. Our west-facing suite on the 47th floor was well-equipped, immaculate and gorgeous. Concierge was helpful, taking the initiative to call the tour company to confirm our pickup time, even though we booked it online and not through the concierge desk. Location was perfect, we walked to everything - Distillery District, St. Lawrence Market, Harbourfront, CN Tower, Entertainment District, Chinatown, Casa Loma, ROM, Bloor-Yorkville - and even managed to navigate the underground PATH back to the hotel during an afternoon shower. The lobby bar was surprisingly lively and a great place to relax with a frosty cold beverage after all that walking. We decided we would probably be quite happy living there (the hotel, not the lobby bar).  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AdamBirimnghamUK
<Content>Walked many a mile Our room (2008) had a partial lake view. Check in was good, allowed straight in even though we got there over an hour before the regualr check in. The Room was very nice, clean with a comfortable bed nice decor and a full kitchen. The powerful air conditioning, large TV, fridge an CD player were all useful. We paid about 拢90 per night which mean the hotel seemed very good value. Toronto is not as big as I expected with not as much to to as many other major cities. Musts include a trip up the CN Tower and dinner at Gretzky's on Blue Jays Way was a highlight.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>travel_the_world2008
<Content>Great Location Fab rooms Stay in Toronto for 3 nights at the King West Hotel. The hotel was located on the main shopping street in downtown and not to far from the Eaton centre.... you may of guessed i did loads of shopping! From this hotel everything is in walking distance - habour/CN tower/nightlife etc. This is a great hotel for a tourist who can walk everywhere if the weather is good. The rooms were very big, with a washing and a dryer/cooking hob/ fridge/ mircrowave. as we were travelling alot we washed a few clothes very easy to use just need to buy some powder to put in tho. bathroom a good size... only annoying thing was that when other people closed there doors our door would shake as if someone was trying to enter into our room which woke me up a few times in the night as i thought someone was trying to get in!!! otherwise great hotel for tourists with a great locations to all the tourist attractions!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AuntieAnne22
<Content>Nice hotel with PRICEY Valet       view from balcony cityview  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mbanlaby
<Content>Poor hotel in a good location My partner and I stayed here from 6th to 13th June 2008 in a 1-bedroom suite in the new tower. We arrived at 8pm and check-in was straightforward. Our room was on the 40th floor so the views over the Old Town, St Lawrence Market and Lake Ontario were spectacular. The location of the hotel is excellent with the subway just outside, although we walked to most places.Unfortunately the rest of our stay was disappointing. On closer inspection our room was dirty. The furniture was tatty and very dusty and the floor filthy. Overall the room needed redecorating. Housekeeping was a bit unpredictable with the maid arriving on one day at 6pm when we had been out all day asking if she could make the bed! She did tidy up the room on all our other days but at no point was the furniture dusted or the floor cleaned.Staff at reception are difficult. It took 3 attempts to arrange for a late check-out as our return flight didn't leave until 10.20pm and they expect you to be out of your suite by 11am. At least we got it sorted eventually.Don't eat in the hotel, it's far to expensive! There are so many choices nearby, particualarly around the St Lawrence market area and Front Street East. We can recommend sitting out on the terrace at Vagabondo and at Hot House Pizza.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>IntoTheWest
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for two nights and wished I could have stayed longer. Really enjoyed our stay. The room was fantastic and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The hotel is located fight in the center of Toronto and is ideal for touring the city by foot. The quality of the hotel was very good and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TexMex2008
<Content>Never ever again Well, I don't know why they call it Suites, I've seen bigger standard rooms.Very noisy...I tried to get room service at 10 p.m., after complaining several times, I gave up waiting at 2 a.m.. Mentioning this at check out, they didn't care at all.Breakfast is so poor, I decided to wait until I got back to the airport.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>shamaw148
<Content>Fab Hotel... A fantastic hotel - especially if your company's paying. Terrific location - links directly to the subway so there's no need to step outside as well as to the underground shopping concourse. It's more like an apartment hotel - with microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, stove, kettle all included in the room. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Skully1980
<Content>Did not enjoy the Suites I booked a room in The Suites At 1 King West for a night (May, 3 2008) so that I could fly into Toronto and not have to drive a great distance to get to my final destination.The person at the front desk was very pleasant as she denied my request to be in the new tower on a floor that would give me a nice view of the city. I didn鈥檛 think that would be an issue given what appeared to be a great number of vacant rooms available judging by the lack of people in the lobby and bar area.Instead, after she verified that I had booked my reservation through Travelocity, I was given a room in the Historic Section of the building on the tenth floor. The Historic part of the building was originally a bank that was built around 1906 and at some point in time converted to a hotel. Unfortunately, even after several upgrades, it still isn't desirable by today鈥檚 standards, even at one quarter of the cost at $212USD a night including taxes. And buy the way, the valet parking was an additional $40.The room that I was given was a standard suite which isn鈥檛 really much of a suite at all. It compares very closely with any normal room in a typical three star hotel even though this was supposed to be either a four or five star hotel depending on what you read.In no way should this hotel have either a four or five star rating, at least not based on my room. The windows are single pane, uninsulated, wooden windows that should have been replaced years ago. The paint is in need of a refreshining. The heater was loud but worked okay. When I went to find the vending machines for ice and a soda, I was unpleasantly surprised to find that the only ones around were located on the twelfth floor and finding them even then was not easy. As I mentioned, I was on the tenth floor, and unfortunately, due to the windows and the proximity of the room to the street below, just the noise from the traffic was enough to keep me from getting a well deserved night's sleep.I have read several other reviews and noticed a disturbing trend.... those that stay in the new tower seem to enjoy their rooms, while those that are relegated to the Historic part of the building are not at all happy with their rooms.I hope that the managers of The Suites At 1 King West will read this review perhaps change their policy on placing guests in the Historic section of the building.My guess is that one-nighters that book through a third-party will be very unhappy!My advise is to look elsewhere for a decent hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TimRenee
<Content>What a great find! From the moment we stepped foot into the hotel lobby, we were treated warmly and with considerable attention to detail. I'd reserved our room through Skoosh and confirmed directly with the hotel. Nevertheless, an error in booking was made but with just a bit of indignation on my part, the hotel staff made it right. We enjoyed the minimalist but well-appointed suite, the ample breakfast included, free access to the internet, exquisite location in proximity to all that we wanted to do and see (including the University of Toronto campus, the Bata Museum and the entertainment district), complementary access to a full service health club a block away and, especially, the attentiveness and helpfulness of the staff. A glitch in the en-suite washing machine at 1am was handled promptly, courteously and efficiently but I cannot understand why there is no make-up mirror in the bathroom! We stumbled upon and enjoyed a quietly sophisticated dinner at Cyranos, just a few blocks away. We'd stay here again and highly recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Car01
<Content>King of hotels       Suite 3506  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbojetset
<Content>All style and no substance We recently spent 2 nights in the Suites at 1 King West ,and out of all the hotels we had booked for our 2 week jaunt to Canada we were looking forward to this hotel the most. After all an overall rating of 5th best in Toronto is something to look forward to.Upon arrival at the hotel we were initally impressed with the grandeur of the lobby area and the sense of class it seemed to exude. This nice early impression was soon quashed however by the cold and rather rude welcome given by the rather uppity guy on the front desk. Instead of advising of how much would be taken as pre authorisation he just took the card and swiped without asking our permission. When we queried the high amount taken as pre authorisation ($110 a day!) the guy kind of looked down his nose at us as if we were tourist peasants and said 'well its' gone through'.This kind of stuck up attitude kind of set the standard for the remainder of our stay. We encountered this kind of frosty service whenever we approached reception. It seems that because we did not appear to be high flying business types and instead came across as lowly tourists we were not worthy of their service.Come on guys has spending all that time in the company of snooty businessmen rubbed off on you? come on i mean you are only receptionists?! don't dismiss the tourist trade. If you dont want mere mortals like us at your hotel then don't advertise on tourist websties.The hotel room itself was aesthetically pleasing with modern minimalist stylings. The bathroom was fairly small but looked stylish. The addition of a washing machine and dryer was a nice touch as i managed to get all my clothes clean and dry before flying home.One's overall opinion of a hotel is made up of many factors and i rate service and warmth to be as high as the quality and style of the room and its surroundings. The service given by this hotel and in particular the attitude of the staff was the worst i have experienced in over 300 hotels.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>WolfRider
<Content>Very classy       Bathroom  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alan93
<Content>Practically perfect!       Our suite  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>corky_c
<Content>Large, well appointed rooms I stayed in this hotel in May 2007 when I was in Toronto for business. This is the first time I've stayed at the hotel and was happy to find that my room was large, well appointed and modern.The hotel provided easy access to the central business district as well as other parts of the city. Service was efficient.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>shals27
<Content>Location, location This was my first time in Toronto and choosing a hotel through the internet is a difficult decision to make as photo's don't usually show the true picture once you arrive. However this hotel was exactly as the photo's on their website.The staff at the front desk were so helpful and friendly. I stay in the studio suite which has modern furniture, the bed was so comfortable, updated applicances....it was perfect.The hotel is right across from the King Street station for the subway, Starbucks and within walking distance to the Mall, City Hall, Union Station, CN Tower, Roger Centre.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Gazza24
<Content>Fantastic Place Bit of a late review since stayed there a year ago but had to put one one.Simply fantastic hotel, I had been to Toronto previously and stayed at the Holiday Inn on King and had a good experience there, but this place was exceptional.The staff were superb, attentive and knowledgable and the concierge desk and had no hesitation in helping us arrange our trips and evenings out ensuring we maximised out time there.The room was good, although an odd shape, and had good amenties and was very clean and tidy. This was a bonus as we were not planning on spending much time in our room at all.The bar was also pleasant and we spent many an evening taking a nightcap after an evening out.The location is excellent and immediate access to the subway was useful, although most of Toronto is walkable.A wonderful place to stay!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunnybird
<Content>Loved the decor        room  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>HamiltonONT
<Content>Extremely Nice - Very good service We went into Toronto for the weekend and stayed the Suites at 1 King West. After about 5 minutes in the room I told my wife I could easily live in a place like that for an extended stay. It was very comfortable and beautifully decorated.Valet parking was excellent, check in was quick and accomodating to a party of 4 wanting 2 rooms close together.Rooms had a safe, washer, dryer, iron and board, 2 burner hot plate, coffee and tea.It is right on the corner of King and Yonge about 2 blocks from the Eatons Centre. We walked to the Canon Theatre from the hotel quite easily. Other theatres are also nearby.The bar in the hotel lobby is also a great place to unwind at the end of your day. Very attentive staff.This hotel, previously a bank, has been very well done and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Amellia_7
<Content>Take it from me....worth the money.. Take it from me, being a travel agent I sell alot of hotels. This hotel is worth your time and money. Located right on the corner of king and young what else can you ask for. We stayed on the 16th floor. Great view of the city and water. Beautiful rooms, modern looking with a dishwasher, washer and dryer. Alot more than I could have ever need in just a night stay.Take it from me, its worth every penny you will pay.Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Apoll0
<Content>Great place. Great location. Stayed for a couple nights. The location is ideal if you're trying to check out downtown Toronto, via the two-foot express. Great, great, service. Sheets weren't great though.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Bevill
<Content>Ideal location Stayed here for three nights between arriving in Tornoto for the first time and boarding the VIA train for the Rockies, thus to walk out of the door into a subway station and PATH network of underground shops and routes was ideal. It is walking distance to the CN Tower, the ferry to Toronto Island, Central Station and numerous restaurants. Our studio room, though compact, was well equipped with free internet access, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, cooking hob and microwave (and an electric kettle!). The room looked onto a brick wall on which was a mural painted and lit to look like sky thus negating any feeling of clostraphobia. The service was friendly and efficient and we will certainly stay again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>john54321
<Content>Pretty Good Nice rooms, friendly staff - then everyone in Toronto seems to be friendly, I was there during the film festival - it's about a 20 minute walk to Bloor  Younge, which was a nice streach in the morning. I had grand hopes for the gym - it could probably do with more space/facilities. It has a 'pressure pool' - which is basically a tiny swimming pool with a strong current going one way, in which you exercise. Here in Ireland, we have full lenght swimming pools, which are much better. The views from the gym, it has to be said, are amazing.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PresidentBartlett
<Content>Absolutely wonderful! My wife and I stayed in the Suites on the first leg of our honeymoon and it was a magnificent stay. The staff were always very helpful and the room was superb. The suite that we stayed in was a superior suite (upgraded because we were on honeymoon) and had the most amazing views over the city and the lake. It is very centrally located and is great value for money. We have recommended it to friends who have since stayed there and totally agree with us. It really was a special stay for us and we enjoyed every minute. We couldn't recommend this highly enough.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Witsawagorn
<Content>Can't fault this We had a great time here. Our corner room on the 7th floor was much more than we wanted - huge comfortable bed, wonderful clock radio which did everything including play CDs, large TV with DVD player and Internet access, and a kitchen suite with toaster, coffee maker, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer. Check in was fast and efficient and the hotel arranged everything we wanted most efficiently and politely. The downtown location is excellent with a subway station on the doorstep. Breakfast was not included but we recommend Over Easy at 56 Yonge Street, less than one minute away.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pyegirl
<Content>A winner I've stayed twice at One King West. The first time we took a chance on this place given the reviews on Trip Advisor. The second time we returned because of our good experience.I've stayed in both a studio suite and a superior studio suite. The latter is quite a bit larger and quite enjoyable. Both of these did not have views of the city, rather they looked to the interior of the building. Still, the price we paid at the time ($149/night Canadian and $129/night) were quite a bit cheaper than any of the other hotels. The furnishings of this hotel are very new and tasteful; I believe it has been renovated within the last 12-18 months. The superior studio suite had a nice couch, kitchen area and work area and a separate alcove for the bed. The studio suite was quite a bit smaller and had just enough room for the bed, a kitchenette wall, and the desk. It was on the tight side and was quite dark. Service was quite good in the hotel. They came and provided a line for the computer connection and fixed a ktichen drawer that was not working. Overall, this is a good value for Toronto, although if I were staying for a longer period of time, I would spring for a room on a higher floor and with a view with natural light. The lower floors that look onto the atrium or inside of the building or quite dark and a bit depressing if you must be in your room for more than a few hours in the evening.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Coxei
<Content>We loved it We really enjoyed our stay here at the end of September beginning of October. We payed around 拢69 per room per night for this hotel and expected to get the basic studio room, which we did (7th floor), but it was absolutely fine for our needs. Lovely king size comfortable bed, kitchenette with 2 rings for cooking (no cookware apart from kettle though there was microwave cookware and some utensils, plates, cups etc), coffee machine, microwave, dishwasher, washer and dryer, iron, ironing board, hairdryer, safe and t.v., the air conditioning was good. Our view only overlooked the internal atrium but we didn't expect more for this price. As mentioned on previous reviews, there is not much natural light in these rooms, but we found the bathroom light adequate. We could read fine with the room lights on. Housekeeping called daily and the room was very clean. The location is brilliant and in the evening if you just go east along Wellington or Colborne and walk down Church, the area where Wellington meets Front Street is really good for bars and restaurants, if you then walk down Church onto the Esplanade, there are lots of places where you can sit out in the evening when the weather is good (as it was when we we there) literally minutes away from the hotel. We would stay again and definitely recommend it. I would post photos but they are identical to the ones already posted! Seeing the lights of the financial district buildings lit up (although I know it is a terrible waste of electricity) was a favourite view of mine when walking back to the hotel at night.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Diane-TA
<Content>Great location Stayed 6 nights and requested a low floor studio apartment. Although the studio was quite dark as it receives limited natural light, initially it was ideal whilst we were jet lagged, however, by day 3 the poor lighting made reading difficult. On the plus side the studio was equipped extremely well and we heard minimal noise from other apartments. The large bed was comfortable and everything spotlessly clean. The staff we dealed with were very helpful and friendly. Seeing the old bank vault in the basement was amazing. The orginal part of this building has lots of banking history and there is a free guided tour plus information boards. Whilst we were there only one of the whirl pools was working, but as we were on our own it was not a problem.The location was excellent for trains, shops, eateries, cinema etc. From the basement there is a direct walkway to the sub life of eateries etc and an easy walk to the CN Tower, Union Station etc. We never required a taxi. A good supermarket is within walking distance.I would return but request a room with more natural light.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Tyroneslittlesthobo
<Content>Perfect location Spent seven nights in the Suites on One King West and, apart from having a poor view (I had an internal room on the 15th floor, 1516), I couldn't fault the hotel.The room was spacious, well equipped and clean. It's location is perfect, right in the middle of the financial district, which makes it the ideal location to get to the entertainment district and the shopping.In the whole week spent in Toronto not once didI need to use any form of transportation other than my two feet.There is breakfast available in the hotel, but just a block or two away are two fantastic eateries for your first meal of the day, both on Yonge St - Over Easy and the Sunset Grill, which will leave you ready for the day ahead.Would certainly reccomend this hotel to anyone visiting Toronto, great value for money and the staff are helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vickiandrich
<Content>Very good MY husband and I have just returned from spending 3 nights at this hotel. The location we found excellent, right in the middle of the financial district and near to the subway station (kings). Our room was great, fully equipmed with everything - washing machine, dryer, microwave, dishwasher. The only thing which let the room down was the view - unfortunately we had an internal room - Floor 13 room 1303. Which meant the room was quite dark and was impossible to see what the weather was doing!! Breakfast was not included, so we had ours at St Lawerence market, which is well worth walking the 2 blocks - the peameal coated bacon sandwiches were amazing!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>chatnoir28
<Content>Pleasant stay in a downtown location My wife and I have just returned from two weeks in Canada. During our holiday we spent seven nights at 1 King West. On checking in, which was very quick and pleasant, we requested a room with a soaking tub and were given a suite on the 17th floor, opposite the gym and health suite. I think we were one of the only occupied rooms on this floor as there was never any noise at night and it was very convent for using the hotels facilities.The suite itself was large, with a small seating area and good size bed which was comfortable, however the room was a little on the dark side with only one outside window at one end. The bathroom was also a nice size with the all important soaking tub and a separate shower which was nice. We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning, which was very tasty and not too expensive, however most days we either grabbed something in the PATH food court which is accessible via the stairs in the hotel lobby, or had cereal in the room.We did have two minor problems during our stay. A carrier bag containing a brand new top which had been bought the day before was taken from our room by the maid service however after about an hour spent calling various departments within the hotel the bag and top was returned in perfected condition by the head of hotel鈥檚 security along with an apology. Also on our last night the fire alarm went off at about 3:15 am, however the hotel did use in the room announcement system to keep guest informed of the situation and I am pleased to say that we did not have to evacuate as it was a false alarm.We did speak to the hotel鈥檚 concierge on two occasions and apart from receiving a good map of the city were not very pleased with their restaurant recommendations or with their overall knowledge of the city.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>matt_robertson
<Content>Good downtown hotel We stayed here for 5 nights earlier this month and were generally happy, although there were a few niggles.1 bed suite on the 47th floor, as it was a corner room we had a view of the lake and islands from the living room, lake from the bathroom (which was lovely led in bath overlooking the lake as the sun went down) and the CN tower from the bedroom. Some of the furniture was chipped and a couple of cupboard door hung badly, some general maintenance and tidying of the units is required, overall though, it was very clean.There was plenty of room, but it was poorly laid out, the living room was plenty big enough, but the bedroom was cramped with very little storage space, the hallway was massive (too big, could have been used by a larger bed room) and the bathroom was a good size with separate shower and tub (with jets).The location was brilliant, right on top of King station, easy stroll up to the Eaton Centre and Lawrence Market, as well as down to the waterside.We did upgrade to the executive package, probably won't do this again. Main reasons for booking it were the continental breakfast (extremely limited choices and was closed 1 day with no alternatives laid on) and priority access to the classic cars (the service was withdrawn prior to our stay).It was very handy having the washer and the dryer in the room, make a nice change getting home with suitcases of clean clothes.As for eateries in the local vicinity, we hated (I know that's a strong word, but we couldn't wait to get out of there) Richtree, I can see why it would appeal to some, but we didn't enjoy the experience, over easy on Yonge was good for breakfast, we went to a mexican place called Hernandos (on Wellington by Lawrence market) twice, which was very good, lunch at 360 in the CN tower was brilliant for $49 (brilliant value considering that it includes access to the observation decks, the food was just the better side of good) for 3 courses plus the view on the clear day was fantastic, rest of the eating was chain places (that we don't have here, so we enjoyed them)Would we stay here again, yes we probably would and would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>wrldtrav
<Content>Excellent Value We also stayed there for the film festival (9 nites). We have stayed at the Four Seasons and Park Hyatt in the past but they have become too difficult to reserve and too expensive! We stayed at 1 King West in a one bedroom suite at half the price of the Four Seasons. It wasn't the Four Seasons for service, but overall it was defintely better value. We stayed on the 44th floor and had a to die for view of Lake Ontario with a morning sunrise over the Lake. We used the efficiency kitchen every day and the King bed was extremely comfortable. The room was spotlessly clean and the housekeeping service excellent.The hotel has its own entrance to the subway and if it is raining you don't even need to go outside. All the venues for the film festival are conveniently near exits of the subway!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Niagra
<Content>great location we stayed on the 17th floor and its a great location. the corridor isnothing impressive, but the room was really comfortable. would recommend this place to anyone wanting to be in the centre of torontoand having the benefits of an suite  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MSUTigerShark
<Content>Stayed at 1 King West for the Film Festival We went to Toronto to attend the Toronto International Film Festival, our first time at this event. Over the years we have usually stayed in Yorkville, but everything in that area was booked, so we reserved at 1 King West. We were not disappointed!!! The room was large, beautifully furnished, and filled with light during the day. The bathroom had a tub as well as a good sized stall shower. Although it was comforting to know that we had a washer and dryer right in our room, we were only there four nights and didn't make use of it. We did use the refrigerator and made ice in a tray so we didn't need to go to the ice machine. I feel that the room would have been comfortable for two of us even for an extended stay. The lobby was very user friendly: from front door to elevator door was just a short walk; no massive lobby to travel through. Originally concerned about being right downtown away from the theaters', we found that we could get anywhere quickly as the east/west trolley runs right down King Street and the north/south subway entrance was right outside the doors of the hotel. We were also able to walk to some of the theaters', but once we hit on the ease of the transit system we walked less and rode more.As if all of this was not enough Starbucks is right across the street. It is very likely that we will stay at King 1 the next time we are in Toronto.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LePiaf
<Content>Location, location, location       King bed  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Pitch_the
<Content>Good Location Stayed at 1 King West for 3 nights.Were given an internal room in the historic wing. Personally did not mind only window overlooking internal courtyard as was not in room that much. However some may find the room to dark.A good aspect of the room we were given was that it had a v.high ceiling so felt more spacey than was the case.Room was clean and comfortable and of adequate size. Small kitchen as you entered room which we did not use. Location of the hotel was great. Walking distance to all the attractions. 5 mins walk to Canoe Restaurant which is highly recommended. Breakfast diners / pubs all near too.Overall a good stay, nothing to fault but at the same time nothing to rave about. Did the job.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>SuzyMountHope
<Content>Service was fine when we were checking out The reservations for the hotel was made in May for Sept 8 to 9 and prepaid at that time. When we got to the hotel they refused to put us on the same floor , when you book that far in advance and one person books two rooms, you would expect to be at the very least on the same floor. We were even in different parts of the hotel. The next morning a bill is slipped under the door for the room. The hotel informs us that they did not get the paper work from The Helicopter Co. Once the error was found it was recitfy immediately.  As for the rooms they were clean and well maintaned.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>maxBrisbane
<Content>Awesome Hotel       View  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jonsmoke
<Content>Great Hotel       Slightly Cramped but nice  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>My.Take
<Content>Beautiful natural light! We had the pleasure of staying in two separate suites at One King West (both in the new tower). What struck us most about the suites was the beautiful natural light. So often in big city hotels you have one small window with a view of a brick wall. At One King West there was nothing but windows.The rooms were clean and well laid out. There was a sitting area in both as well as a mini kitchen and in-room washer and dryer.Our first room (Tower Superior Suite) was supposed to have a lake view 鈥?but it did not. While the room was comfortable, my husband decided to ask where the lake view was. In doing so, he discovered that we were put in the wrong room. He also managed to get us an upgrade to a Premium Suite.Both rooms spoiled us with the size and the natural light. SO often the only place to relax in a hotel room is on the bed. At One King West we enjoyed the ability to eat at a breakfast table and unwind on the couch after a full day of sight seeing.If we return to Toronto, we will stay at One King West.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>RojerPerkins
<Content>Creative Financing Has cought up with this hotel. While the location is great, this 3rd stay has been well below expectations. I purchased the executive upgrade for 2 rooms. Basically, the classic cars are not there anymore, the Vault was always padlocked for entire day except breakfast, the internet service was at a crawl all week-end, the room water was only brought on the first night and the nightly turn-down service only happened twice.The hotel manager did however make the proper adjustments to the charges before we left.The upgrade package was never explained upon arrival We assumed the content of the package by the web-site pictures and description, room flyers and elevator posters. There was no mention that the complementary continental breakfast: was only available in the vault room and not room service. After the first day there weren't any more breakfast request tags to hang on the door.The hotel is in a great location with great views convenient for sight-seeing, waterfront, theaters and shoppping. HOWEVER, locations isn't everything. It has to be backed up by quality service not by excuses from the owner in the local papers.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>DDDSurrey
<Content>Excellent for families Excellent for families as the rooms are equipped kitchen appliances . This meant were did not have to bring a too many clothes hence the amount of luggage. Location was good as it was walkable to most atractions and close to all amenities. The rooms were clean and the beds were super comfortable. I would without a doubt recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rasprincess
<Content>Very comfortable stay Stayed at the Suites at One King West in early July. It was a personal getaway for relaxation. I'm not a picky traveler since I've stayed in everything from hostels to timeshare condos to five star hotels. I really had nothing to complain about with this hotel. It was rather quiet which I needed. My view was decent. The room was exceptionally clean and well lit. The room was maybe more compact than most American hotels, but for 2 adults it would have been just fine in my opinion. Staff was friendly enough and helpful when needed. They seem to have a lot of convenient extras but I didn't use most of them. Hotel is also close to many restaurants, the subway and PATH system. Eaton Centre is a 10 - 15 min walk away. I enjoyed my stay and would defnitely return with my significant other or alone. Love the city of Toronto.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>wilytraveller
<Content>Reasonable Stay, No Magic Stayed here for 5 nights in late July on our honeymoon first leg. Mixed bag, but reasonable experience.Pro- Hotel location was excellent for the main shopping area and entertainment district- Use of the Classic Car service was a bonus- Good internet facilities. 3 terminals free to use. These can get busy.- Reasonable standard of facilities within the roomCons- Paid for a Tower One Bedroom Suite, but upon presentation realised this couldn't have been the right room based on their web site's photos. Also didn't have a safe - which was a concern - had someone walked off with it?? Asked to change rooms and was given a Historical One Bedroom Suite (due to lack of availability in the Tower). Much better (from a space perspective), but still not as pleasant as the photographs. Disappointing view relative to the higher floors.- Had to pay $4 service charge for delivery of their $2 washing pack and then there was expectation of a tip on top! Why wasn't this included in the first place??- Lifts are very slow. In the end I was happy to have a historic room as it meant I didn't have to wait so long for the lift!- Air conditioning noisy- Inconsistent service - example, informed front office I didn't want to receive the Globe and Mail newspaper as I noticed you would be credited ~$1.5 (I wasn't going to read it so thought it would be a good idea!). Despite my request, I continued to receive the paper. Contacted the front desk again, who acknowledged I shouldn't be receiving the paper. Again continued to receive the newspaper! On the last day I noticed I hadn't been credited. Phoned front desk and was informed that the paper was actually complimentary and even though the keycard documentation said I could be credited, I wouldn't be. Then 10min later had a phone call explaining that I would be credited. Although this is a very minor issue, I've raised it as an example of the inconsistent service you receive, largely due to which staff member you speak to. This seems to be because of the staff turnover. The first staff member I asked questions responded that they didn't know since they had only just started here (July isn't exactly the start of the season!). - DVD library selection is really poor - I counted 5 DVDs!!- The room cleaner decided to throw out a bag of bathroom products (no explanation or reason given!)- No 'extra' effort made despite informing them we were on our honeymoon!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>ChrisNorthants
<Content>Nice but not exceptional We were allocated a room in the 'Historic Wing'. Overall I was quite disappointed as the room was very dark and quite small considering I was expecting a Suite. It was no bigger than a standard hotel room with a very small kitchenette squeezed in. I requested that we be moved to a room in the 'Tower' wing (especially as the air con unit kept us awake during the first night) however despite moving rooms we had to stay in the historic wing. The room was a bit better, very clean, but still small and dark. Hotel location was excellent for the main shopping area and there were loads of good restaurants within a few minutes walk. I think I would look to stay in a different hotel if I was to return to Toronto.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Sanks
<Content>Avearge Rating Well just got back from a 5 day stay at Suites , as described by previous posts , check in was an issue we reached the hotel around 1 tried to get an early check but this was not to be had to come back at 3 ,, so went to do some exploring in the mean time . Came back at 3 was told to come back in 20min did do so and got a room . even this was a bit of a hassel as i had to choose between a queen bed in a high floor with a view or a king bed in a low floor with a view of the city ( which i choose ).Room was comfortable , compact and clean The location was good for shopping , eating and close to all the major sites Guest services we re very attentative , called 1 am to arrange an early morning pick up to the airport amd got a very pleasant voice ( hard to believe for the time ).All queries we had (sites , resturants etc were well advised and handled )  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>MRJNovaScotia
<Content>Good Times at 1 King West       view from bathroom door  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishRuth
<Content>Great hotel... but bring a torch! Initially we were given a room with a great view but only 1 bed. No good for 1 adult and 2 kids so back to reception where they happily gave us a bigger suite (no view this time!) The suite had everything you need and for 拢295 for 4 nights I was very impressed. The location is ideal and the free limo service is great for the CN tower and Union Station.My only problem with the hotel is the fact that the room was dark. Really dark. Turn all the lights on, open the door and still have to feel your way around dark.Don't be put off. It's still worth a visit.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KindBed
<Content>Service zero; suite was nice We stayed at the Suites on One King during the Caribana week end and got the worst service we have ever had in a 4-star hotel. We booked on a gift certificate we had received - perhaps this is why the staff would not even look at us. We had booked well in advance and requested a high floor and an early check in. When we arrived at noon, we were told there would be no rooms available before 3 (which is inderstandable), so we ensured they had noted the high floor request. We came back at one AM to find out they had assigned us a room on the 7th floor (out of 49) with a view on the inside courtyard. Everyone at the front desk kept looking at their screen while talking to us. The only one clerk that kind of made an effort gave us the wrong directions for the LCBO and ensured us it closes at 7 when, in fact, we found out it had closed at 5 when we actually found the place. We experienced two fire alarms on Sunday afternoon, but there were no apologies or mention of it upon check out. In fact, they did not even asked us how are stay was, which is the reason why we decided to write down a review here.Both spas were out of order during our visit. Room was nice, but air conditioning was really noisy. The breakfast lady was really nice, the only one that smiled in this entire hotel. Location is good, close to Union station and Yonge St. If you need a suite, it could be a great hotel, but just don't expect any service from that place.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>JoeKo18
<Content>Nice hotel, good location Our room was not ready at 3:15 (check is at 3) so they told us to come back in 20 minutes. Whne we returned, again the room was not ready and come back in another 20 minutes. Finaylly the third time we checked around 4:20 the room was still not ready but they upgraded us 3 tiers to a one bedroom suite which was ready. The room was huge with a raised dining area, kitchentte (cooktop and microwave but no oven, also a washer/dryer and dishwasher), living room with large leather couches and a bedroom. The room was clean but not spotless.We were on the 14th floor and although threre were lots of windows, they were about 7ft above the floor so there was no view. Considering we got the free upgrade, we didn't complain. The elevators were really slow, and the day we arrived, the fire alarm went off twice. The first time we went down to the lobby, but saw most people were ignoring the alarm so we stayed in our room the second time. There were plenty of PA annoucements letting us know what was going on.There is a DVD player in each room and there was supposed to be a selection of DVDs at the front desk free to borrow, but they only had about 5, and most were tv shows. We ended up paying $14 for a pay per view new release. There was supposed to be a safe in the room, but we couldn't find it.Check out the giant vault in the basement, it's neat.Because this hotel is priced so low, you get a mix of people staying there - some very noisy and trashy.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MKKim
<Content>Not as nice as expected We stayed here for four nights at the end of July as part of a trip to Canada to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary.We pre-booked a car to take us to the CN Tower for dinner two months before we left.On the morning of our dinner reservation at the CN Tower we checked to make sure that the car was booked - and surprise! they had no record even though we had the email confirmation with us. They re-booked our car for 7.30. When we came down for 7.30, we were told they had thought it was 7! Luckily there was a car available but their organisation of this booking was poor to say the least!The hotel itself is located perfectly for everything with access to the metro and Path. We had not booked the top level of suite and definitely felt that the service was poorer because of this. Our room was not cleaned until 5pm each day - which was inconvenient when we wanted to take a shower following a day out and about. I think they probably do the rooms in the order of how much you paid!The lifts also seemed to prioritise the higher floors - which generally held the more expensive suites.The room itself was fine with good facilities although we could probably have found just as good a room elsewhere for less money.When we return to Toronto on our next trip, we will not use this hotel as we were disappointed with it following the high expectations given by their website and the cost which was not competative.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>wddarknight
<Content>Average My wife stayed at this location  we were expecting a four star hotel but got a 3 star at best. First of all, the room was small and the bathroom was big enough for one person at max. There were cracks in the walls and the pool which was not in-service was not big enough to swim in. There were no air conditioning on the floor hallways and the elevators felt like a sauna. We were on the 46th floor and there was a fire alarm so we had to walk down 46 flights of stairs because we had a dinner reservation. The $30 a day parking is a bit too much also.On the positive side, it's a good location because it is within walking distance of the entertainment district. The bed was very comfortable. The entire staff was polite and courteous. I should have stuck to my guns and stayed at the Marriott because I have never not enjoyed my stay there. I probably would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>TimIL747
<Content>Great location, good value, nice rooms Was in town for business meetings in the financial district. This hotel is located right in the middle of the financial district. Most of the bank headquarters are within a few blocks. Lots of restaurants and bars within walking distance. Good clubs less than a $10-15 cab ride away.Very large room / suite. Not sure what makes it a suite in this case other than larger than a normal room. Decent room service breakfast available for under $20. Nothing spectacular, but very convenient and more than edible. Comfortable bed and room was clean.Fairly large fitness room has treadmills, ellipticals, and free weights. I didn't try this stuff out, but they also have steam room and hot tub by the fitness room.Great location, decent rate, nice rooms. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JenniferGW
<Content>Best Hotel in Toronto! I booked a group rate for my wedding. We had to re-negotiate at one point because their rate went down a few weeks after we booked the 10 rooms-they didn't hesitate to adjust the rate. They put us in a suite with a room 'to die for' on the 39th floor. The view of the water was breathtaking. The washer, drier, fridge, sink and microwave came in so handy since we stayed 8 days. The room was clean and comfortable. Although the room was unbelievable, it paled in comparison to the service. We have visited several 5-star hotels throughout the world and have never received such service. For example, on the Tuesday we arrived I ordered a clothes steamer for the wedding attire. I said that I wanted it on the Saturday of the wedding at 2:30pm. I forgot about the steamer until it arrived at 2:35, with an apology for it being five minutes late. Also, we returned from our rehearsal dinner that Friday evening to find notes all over the room directing us to look inside the fridge. Inside we found three types of cake, seven chocolate covered strawberries and champaign from the hotel (along with a personal note from the manager)! Everything we asked for was supplied with amazing speed - robes, slippers, needle, thread, ice water, more towels, more pillows, steamer, delivery of the welcome baskets to guest rooms before their arrival and more. Lastly, I know that most higher end hotels offer complimentary cars to take you to places within their 'zone', but The Suites provided several cars and transported me to my wedding venue-which is well outside of the 'zone'- in the classic Rolls Royce, free of charge. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Toronto - I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seaburn
<Content>Good hotel and location We spent 3 nights here in late June. It is a really nice hotel in a very good location. The staff were really friendly and helpful. They arranged a ride in a 50s Cadillac to Union Station for us on departure, completely free. On arriving, we were given a room in the lower part of the building which only had a view of a brick wall but reception were very helpful in switching us to a room on the 34th floor which had excellent views over to Toronto Island. We had to pay a small supplement but it was well worth it. The room was clean and spacious with all the amenities you would want for a short stay. There is a small fitness centre on the roof level of the older part of the building with saunas and a jacuzzi. You can actually go out onto the roof and get some nice photos too. Breakfast at the hotel is a reasonable buffet and proved to be good value and tasty. The serving staff were extremely friendly. Most of the main attractions (CN Tower, Harbourfront and Eaton Centre etc) are within easy walking distance but the Metro system is outside the front door and access to the Path is within the hotel. The building has a history of it's own and it is worth reading about it. Overall, a very enjoyable stay but, if you want a view, make sure you ask for a room that has one as this is quite a busy hotel and an upgrade may not always be available  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Hopi
<Content>great place to stay       Outside the hotel  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BeautifulBC-7
<Content>Disappointing My husband and I have relied on trip advisor for many of our travels (and we travel alot). Most the time we are not disappointed until now. First of all, their website says that they would be happy to book a limo ride from the airport for you at a cost of course. Since my parents are elderly, I wanted to have a ride ready so they did not  have to stand in line for a taxi. Well, when I got to the airport, there was no ride waiting, so I phoned the hotel valet services and was told that Daniel forgot to book it. Then in a not so pleasant response, I was told to just go outside, there should be lots of taxis and limos. Well on a Friday night at 5:00, there were no limos to be had and my parents and I waited in a taxi lineup for about 20 minutes. The hotel was not even sorry! We booked a one bedroom suite. I was staying on the hide a bed in the living room. I made sure the hotel knew there would be 3 people in the room. When we finally got there, there was no bedding for the hide a bed, only 2 towels, 2 cups, etc. I phoned down and they sent up another towel, cup, pillows (without pillowcases) and a blanket. The next day, the housekeeping staff again left 2 towels, 2 cups etc. I would think that if a hotel specialized in suites, they would have some kind of system to let the housekeeping staff know how many people were in the room. The hide a bed was very uncomfortable, but I suppose that is the way with all hide a beds. At the end of our stay, the front desk argued with me over 18 cents for a phone call which should have been free. I paid the 18 cents as it wasn't worth arguing over, which made me wonder why they would argue about it considering all the problems we had. I did let the front desk know that I wasn't all that happy about our experience there, but they did not seem to care at all. I would probably not stay at this hotel again, more because my concerns were not dealt with rather than the place itself. The customer service was very poor.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MelPLondon
<Content>Great Location but Hotel Could Be Better We stayed here for 5 nights. The first room we were given was very spacious but the window was so small and far away from the main part of the room that it felt dark and claustrophobic. So we requested a change. We were immediately given a smaller room with more light which we accepted. The room was very pleasantly furnished with a kitchen area and washer/drier which was very useful. Staff were very polite and helpful. However, on our third day we were woken up by a fire alarm at 6.10am. There were no staff directing guests out of the building or waiting outside the building to tell us where to stand or provide us with info. Firemen arrived and left promtly. When re-entering the building we found most of the guests were in the lobby and only 2 members of staff were present and they didn't know whether there was a fire in the building or how to switch the alarm off. This continued for an hour. It was a shambles. It turned out that there wasn't a fire. What if there was a fire ? All hotels should be prepared for a fire emergency and have fire marshalls to provide direction, not leave guests wandering around the lobby until they have figured out if there is a fire. Putting this aside, the hotel is in a great location, good value for Toronto and the staff are pleasant enough.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>conben
<Content>Wow! Great Hotel We stayed at your hotel for 2 nights, June 25th and 26, 2007. It was fabulous. The staff are friendly and will go out of their way to ensure your stay is pleasant. The hotel is in the heart of downtown Toronto. A few minutes to the Air Canada Centre and the Eaton Centre. The rooms are great! The price was great! Its the best hotel we have every stayed at in Toronto. We loved it and hated to leave. We can't wait to return to Toronto and stay here again. Thank you so much!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asf1950
<Content>Fantastic Deal Stayed here in June at one of the studio suites. I ask you -- where else can you get a downtown room In Toronto (let alone a suite) for three days for $500, total price after taxes? Answer: nowhere.Our 10th-floor suite was fairly roomy, if somewhat oddly laid out (in a more-or-less triangular fashion), complete with fridge, microwave, washer, dryer, TV. Two cabinets provided plenty of space to hang clothes. Lots of drawer space, as well. There was a workdesk next to a window. Fixtures and furnishings were modern and in excellent condition. The layout resulted in no common walls with neighbors, so guest noise was not a problem. Elevators were quick. Room darkening blinds worked well to keep out early morning sunlight. Shower head was high enough for a tall person, but water there and at both faucets took about 3-5 minutes to heat up. TV reception was fuzzy, possibly due to loose connections, but we didn't bother complaining.Hotel staff was quite attentive and helpful. A couple of old limos are available to take you to nearby locations, if available, for the small price of a tip. Valet parking (with in-out privileges) was a steep $30 a day, but apparently they round down, since we were charged for only two days although we parked around 2.75 days.Overall, a great deal, indeed!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pontificator
<Content>Good value and location - very large but dark rooms. Stayed here twice with my girlfriend. Both rooms were in the historic part of the building (below the 9th floor). Rooms are large and very well equipped with excellent facilities and a good value. The front desk and services were very good, especially the bussiness services. The location is excellent in the heart of the Financial district - surrounded by good restaurants of all prices. My only mild complaint comes from the lack of natural light in both rooms I've stayed. One had a small window and the other was completely internal - looking out to a hallway (this suite was huge!). However the suites we picked were far from the most expensiveand overall a very good value for the size and location!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Sweeper
<Content>Nice hotel, excellent location We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April and could not fault it.We had a room on the 23rd floor which was clean and large. The location ws excellent for exploring the city and we walked to all the points of interest and shopping areas.Hotel staff were very helpful and pointed us in the direction of using the old limos for local journeys instead of taxis - need to book but its fun and free!Being in the city centre the hotel is busy with lots of tourists and business people alike but we liked the atmosphere it created and would recommend it as a place to stay,  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rebel1
<Content>WARNING - Stay elsewhere for special occasions!       Tower Superior Room - Looks good from afar but...  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	4	

<Author>amkrfc
<Content>Can't believe last few posts       Entrance to vaults  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_Guru_99
<Content>What a place, what a room...but not perfect       View from the Desk in the Living area  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	1	4	3	

<Author>ja66ke
<Content>black hole requested a room on high floor TWO months before arrival to no avail. The room we got on the 13th floor was very dark with little natural light. The staff on reception said that they were fully booked but would try to change room following day.Needless to say they did not try very hard as we were still in our dungeon two days later when it was time to checkout. In all honesty we were very dissapointed with the room allocated especially as the hotel knew well in advance that this was a special occasion for my wife and i , and they let us down big time.Anybody planning to stay here make sure you get a room on one of the higher floors .  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	4	3	1	3	

<Author>BalSingh
<Content>Pretty good everything but not outstanding. Bit of a mixed bag here but generally positive. The hotel is in a perfect location. You step off a subway train and its there if front of you. Nearby there are tons off shops, cafes and restaurants. The main sites are within walking distance too. Even though the hotel is located in the financial area amongst the skyscrapers of Toronto, it is better located than some of the the hotels near Bloor/Yonge which I thought was a bit out of the way.Rooms are nice and have great views. All include a CD player. DVD player, microwave, washer, dryer etc.Service is good although one day out room wasnt cleaned very well and they lost the TV remote, other days were fine. One of the days we had a balcony room (1506, I think). Avoid these rooms as they have slanted windows without curtains. As a result, the light comes pouring in early in the morning and the heat can be unbearable.There is no pool in the fitness centre ... for some reaosn, I thought there was so I wasnt too happy when I only found a hot tub  sauna (but thats my mistake).Generally, a nice stay if it werent for the odd few niggles.One thing to point out, from the airport DONT get a taxi. Get the 192 bus which costs $2.75 and takes you to the subway and form there you can get the train right to the hotel door. It takes an hour door to door but $2.75 compared to $30 odd for a taxi is worth it.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>gabe05
<Content>Not Toronto's best hotel Booked two superior rooms when i checked in on the check in time only one room was ready, half hour later the other room was ready but it was on a lower floor when I asked both rooms to be on a higher floor. My room had a great view but was a little on the small side and the decor was cheap looking. My biggest problem with this hotel is the elevators they are small and they don't have enough of them in the tower. In the mornings it was a long wait for the elevators. If your want a good budget hotel this is the place, if your looking for luxury you may want to stay else where.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>OnTheRoadAgain2007
<Content>Comedy of Errors Stayed for a single night on a recent business trip.Pleasant reception at Check In but when I asked if I could book a car(they provide car service in the downtown core) I was told to go speak to the Valet Parking desk - literally across the lobby but I had to pull my bags over to ask them in person as apparently the staff at the front desk can't handle this or pick up the phone and arrange it. I was the only guest checking in as it was 11pm.Arrive at the room - a two room suite - bedroom and sitting room with kitchenette. Nice enough but quite small and strangely the TVs are on large hutches - the one in the sitting room being placed in front of the thermostat for the room, effectively blocking access to it - the reason I notice is that the room is 77 degrees and there is no air moving. I awkwardly reach around the TV - no kidding, with the hutch it is 5 feet high and 4 feet across - and check to find that the thermostat is set to 68 degrees but there is nothing happening and the temperature in the room is 77 degrees. I turn it on and off to no effect so I call guest services and they say they will send up Engineering.Engineering arrives within 10 minutes - he moves the TV and hutch a few inches and gets in behind in to open the unit where he literally flips a switch and voila! Cool Air starts to flow!But, in the bedroom (which is quite tiny - King Bed and another TV and hutch which blocks a window) there is a 4 inch by 4 inch vent which is gently blowing air from its location 9 feet above the floor in a corner where it send airs towards a window which is less than 5 feet away with no chance of any moving air hitting the bed itself. Recogninzing its going to take some time to cool the bedroom down I call Guest Services looking for another room (its now after midnight and I'd like to go to sleep as I have a meeting in the morning) only to discover that they can't help me but will transfer me to the FrontDesk (starting to see the left hand / right hand mentality here?)Front desk says he'll get back to me which he does to inform me that he checked with Management and they don't have another room for me as they are full up. I travel enough to know that this is a lie but the air is running - I really don't want to move - so I ask what theyare going to do for me and get offered a free breakfast which I get him to agree will be a free room service breakfast. OK, fair enough, I've been inconvenienced, its later than I should be going to bed buthey, stuff happens.At 1:49 I wake in a lather - really. The air is blowing but there is no coolness to it, its just being recirculated. I know this because I am back in the sitting room moving the TV and hutch. I reach in andflip the switch that the Engineer flipped earlier and sure enough cool air starts again. A little put out I go back to bed.At 2:37 I wake in a lather - same story.You've heard the lather, rinse, repeat song that Phoebe sung on an episode of Friends? I am living the most perverse version of that possible.Its the middle of the night - I'm awake so I try reading to go back to sleep. The air goes off after less than 15 minutes - every time I reset it throughout the balance of the night.That's not the end of the story however. Remember the free room service breakfast? I put the order card out and asked for a 6:45am to7:00 delivery. Well, at 6:03 there is a knock at the door and there is my breakfast. (by the way, the tray had a single cup of coffee with cellophane over the top - first hotel I've ever stayed in that did not use some sort of carafe). The server knows that it is free but he pauses clearly looking for a tip. He has my order form in his hand. I ask him what time the form says. He looks down and says they must have put it into the system wrong. I say nothing althoughthere are probably daggers coming out of my eyes. He then says its not my mistake, its the order takers. I literally open the door and wave him out. He stands there. I tell him to leave. He finally does. No apology.Summary: small rooms, obvious air problems (are they saving money by putting some sort of restrictor on the system?), left hand /right hand service model, disinterested management, and oblivious tip hungry servers - a definite Do Not Repeat.I should have known when I was able to get a room here but there was no availability at the other big hotels in the area like the Sheraton or the Royal York.I would have complained in the morning but why should I help them with their problems and it probably would have meant being transferred from department to department. Instead I will just vote with my feet which will never darken their doors again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Jamiee8672
<Content>Very Good Value I'd read the reviews and felt confident we'd get value....and we did. A nice clean hotel in a great location for site seeing. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a short break to take in Torontos sites. Very good. My only small gripe is I would have liked bottled water available in the room. You need to buy your own but that's a minor personal irritation. Great hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JATraveler
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location!       Kitchenette in my room  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaredw
<Content>Best value in Toronto Just got back from a 3 night stay at The Suites and I was very happy with everything. For the price of the room ($180US per night) it almost certainly can't be beaten in downtown Toronto. We were up on the 32nd floor with a great view, the room was spacious  clean, comfortable bed, washer/dryer, fridge, microwave, desk, etc. You can walk to almost any attraction, but if you want to ride they have a complimentary car service. I have stayed on Queen Street in the hip area, but why pay 2 or 3 times the price when it's just down the road?  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bembridge
<Content>Not Good. Not Bad. Ok.       Room 2910 View of CN tower  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>s6677
<Content>Definitely not for me... I don't like to be negative, but this place was not at all was I was expecting. Spending at least 1 week per month in hotels, I try to find apartment-style hotel, where I can sometimes enjoy cooking my own meals. Which is what brought me to this hotel, which advertise to be great for extended stay.My first mistake was to not have understood there was no oven/stove, only a microwave. Okay that was my fault. So I filled up the mini-fridge with a bunch of TV dinners, soups, and the necessary for making sandwiches and salads.I arrived, to find only a very limited supply of everything : 2 teaspoons, 2 forks, 2 glasses, 2 plates, etc. Same thing in the bathroom : 2 towels of each size, that is it. Good thing I was traveling alone this time. Nothing to wipe the counter, or to clean the inside of the microwave with. A cloth is an extra, part of a package (explained below) A tiny trash can (2 cans of soup and it is full!) is next to the unit, first thing you see when entering the room (didn't know where else to put it!) So I've enjoyed the smell of my garbage everyday during my stay. You do have a dishwasher, washer  dryer, but just like the cloth, using it (i.e. soap and fabric softner sheets) will cost you an extra of 3.99$ and has to be ordered. The price is low, I agree... but considerate this room cost me almost 300.00$ per night, I would think this small detail would be included.I've been to several hotels which offer this type of rooms (apartment like), and never was confronted with this : You either offer a hotel-like room, or you offer an apartment-like one! What is the point of having an apartment where everything that differs it from a regular hotel room is an extra???Twice I called Housekeeping (sorry, Environmental Services) to ask for towel and soap. Both time, I had to leave messages on the answering machine and took over one hour to get a response.Staff at the bar were very comfortable with me, throwing me the matches I've politely asked and calling me Sweety (!!??) Glass of wine was given in a rushly manner and without a single smile. The room itself was spacious, clean, the pictures on the website are representative.So my stay was not satisfactory at all. In my own modest opinion, this is a big hotel room which has a microwave, sink and an empty mini-fridge, with a quality of service which doesn't match the price asked.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Elliep216
<Content>The best yet!!! This was my second visit to Toronto and my first (of many I hope) stay at Suites at 1king west. Excellent location. Subway is right to across the road and the PATH (underground concourse) can be accessed from inside the hotel. Attractions and excellent shopping all within walking distance.What can I say.... fantastic! The staff were friendly and made us feel very welcome. The classic car service is fabulous and complimentary. The rooms are clean and fresh and housekeeping looked after us, even cleared away our few pots in the sink! Just make sure you don't forget to tip - the service is so worth it. Definitely recommend 1 king west. In the process of booking my next stay!If you want to watch a Blue Jays Game - I really recommend going to the Hard Rock Cafe at the Rogers Centre. Reserve a window seat - there's a 5CAD cover charge and you have to spend at least 20CAD whilst your there. The atmosphere is great and the staff fantastic!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monaprincess
<Content>NIce stay I spent five nights.CONSI had a window that faced an interior blue wall. There was no way anyone could see into my room (I think..) but there was also no light. If you can afford it, ask for a room with a window to the outside.Carpet in the room was dirty and old. I did walk on it without slippers. The shower floor needs to be replaced or properly cleaned.Room kind of small but adequare for one person. Business center is a small alcove off the lobby with two computers. During my five days either one or both was always broken and they were doing construction in that room. I guess they do that so you can pay to have internet in your room.PROSWasher and dryer in the room! Kitchenette with dishwasher, sink and microwave in the room! Small refrigerator! Utensils and dishes. Nice for someone on a budget who wants to eat leftovers once a day or prepare a simple breakfast.I love the small rooftop gym! Ellipticals with televisons, two saunas, two hot tubs, showers, lockers, etc. Very nicely done.DVD player etc. in the room. I didn't use it but I imagine that it would be nice for kids. Also, CD player, etc.Restaurant and parking on site.Nice downtown location walking distance to shopping, convention center, train station, subway, streetcar, etc. Would I stay again- yes, but in one of their big rooms with a view of the city!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	3	2	

<Author>Cybergirl12
<Content>Fabulous hotel, location can't be beat Stayed May 13-18, 2007. Took flat fee limo from airpoirt to hotel. Cost was $50. Check in was smooth and quick. They gave me a choice of a room on the 27th floor with a view and a stand up shower or a corner suite on the 8th floor with a full size tub/shower combination. I took the 8th floor room and had a nice view of King and Yonge Street. The room as very clean and had all the comforts of home and more. It had hardwood floor throughout, a king size bed which was very comfortable, very nice white bedding, a 27 inch TV with a DVD player, nice size bar fridge, micowave, small dishwasher, sink, dishes, etc. to go with it all, a small washer and dryer, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, good sized safe that held a laptop computer and much more, good size desk and two very comfortable chairs - one leather office chair and one easychair with ottoman. It was very quiet, no noise from next door, above or below what so ever. The temperature control seemed to work well. Calls to guest services were dealt with promptly and politely. The conciere desk staff were very helpful on giving directions, restuarant recommendations, etc. Checkout was smooth, bell services kept my luggage from 8 AM - 2:30 PM for no charge. The VERY BEST THING about this hotel is it's LOCATION. You can exit directly from the hotel into the underground PATH system. You can go out the door, into the PATH system, turn left, go down a short flight of stairs and get on the subway. I walked to and from my course (about two blocks away) without stepping outside, no jacket or umbrella's required. The entertainment district is within walking distance as is the Eaton Centre mall. And when you have a bunch of bags to carry back after shopping all evening at the mall, you can just hop on the subway for $2.75 and get a ride straight from the mall to the hotel in a matter of minutes - again all without stepping outside. The hotel lobby is grand and beautiful. Had room service once - it was a little pricey but the food and service were excellent. They offer a long distance/internet package for $4.99/night. Gives you high speed internet and unlimited long distance which I used extensively. Worth every penny. Had no problems connecting to the internet. High speed - although not wireless worked very well. Paid $209/night which is a steal for a hotel of this quality in this location. Would gladly stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travel_bug3379
<Content>Surprisingly great! I did a lot of research when booking my Toronto accommodation as I wanted to be central in location, and in a nice place that didn't cost the world. Reading other reviews narrowed things down a lot and when I found a good price advertised for 1 King West, I decided to take it.I loved this hotel from the moment I arrived. The lobby is gorgeous, and as someone else previously reviewed, it reminded me of a private club setting - dim lighting (not too dim, just right!), a huge bar area, big lounges overlooking the lobby... Check-in was simple and fast and the lady was extremely pleasant. I was on floor 36 and had no issues with my room at all! My desk overlooked Yonge St, and the rest of the suite had city/water views which were beautiful. I was able to wash my clothes in the in-room washing machine which was handy since I was on a 3 week trip, and I also loved the fact that I would be able to cook myself if I wanted to. Everything you needed was there! It really was like a mini apartment that you could live in permanently.I ordered room-service dinner one night and it was the tastiest pasta dish I have EVER had from a hotel before - AND it was a big serving! Need I say more on how good the food was! Breakfast was also very tasty and in good portions!A little known fact about the hotel is that they have a local car service that will take you from the hotel to anywhere in the central business area for no charge. I was told about the service from someone else who had stayed there and decided to use it to get to a business meeting. I honestly felt like a celebrity! The car was an old 50's/60's car, not sure of the make/model but everyone on the street was staring in to see who I was and checking out the car. Service was great by most staff, some were much better than others but that is normal. The bar in the lobby is a great place to sit and have a drink in the evening, especially if travelling alone like I was. I met some great people at the bar and there is a huge tv screen there also which was always playing sports but that was a good thing!I would not think of staying anywhere else when I return to Toronto, and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone I know.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Asatis
<Content>What a bargain!!! For the price of $ 179 ( not including taxes). We got to stay in the tower superior room. it was quite spacious, clean, and most importantly, very convenient. The room got the kichen, washing and drying machine. The location is also great. It's close to many attractions and the subway is right next to the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel to anybody who plan on visiting toronto.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KD123NJ
<Content>There are better hotels in the area We stayed at the Suites at 1 King West Toronto for 4 days/3 nights, at a tower superior room. The suite is spacious, we were placed at the 34th floor, so got a nice view as well. The location is excellent, walkable to/from CN tower  St. Lawrence Market. The hotel is connected through path and the King subway station right outside the door. I do however have several complaints about the hotel. The concierge does not know where Chinatown or Little India is. For Chinatown she had to google and then ask one of the bell boys where it is. For Little India, she directed us to take the subway to Yonge St, walk over a few blocks to Gerard Street, and then walk along Gerard for 15 minutes. Let me tell you, that's not even remotely close to Little India. We actually took a cab from Gerard Yonge and it took a little over 12 minutes drive to get there! Additionally, The night before arrival, I called the hotel to see if they have any room available for early check in the next day. The person I spoke to at the time said Sure No problem. So off we went arriving at 7AM. I know it's very early... At the front desk, the staff told us that there was no room available and to come back at 12 (the checkout time is 11). So we dropped the bags at the hotel and went for some sightseeing. At 12PM we came back, and was told the room isn't ready yet. We decided then to stay at the hotel lobby and asked them to let us know as soon as it's ready. At 1:30 still nothing, we then went to the front desk for status, in response we got brushed off with an attitude and was told that the check in time is 3PM. Finally at 2:20PM, a front desk staff came by to tell us she is putting a rush on a nice suite for us (mind you we did book a tower superior room). We finally checked in at 3PM. Make of it what you will, but I've stayed in many hotels (and occasionally requested early checkin), but had never experienced anything like this. If you are ordering room service breakfast, it's simply not worth it. My continental breakfast came with a cup of coffee, a glass of juice, sugar  milk in sachets, and 2 pastries. No flask to keep the coffee warm or milk in its own pot. During our stay there were plenty of college-age kids staying at the hotel, and they made quite some noise in the hallway at night. This is not the hotel's fault though. However, needless to say we won't come back.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>BeenThereAlready
<Content>It's definitely downtown! The upper floor rooms were clean and spacious. You get a city view but do not expect a lake view, maybe more like a lake glimpse. The pricing of about $148 (with taxes included) for a tower room is acceptable for the heart of downtown. You can walk or take the streetcar/subway to everything. The noise does come through the walls thought, so you might want to takes some earplugs with you.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>macmtn
<Content>Nice, Economical and Convenient This hotel is very convienient to the Eaton Center and other downtown shopping areas. It also has access to the metro from the lobby. The staff was very cordial and helpful. Our studio room, while having an odd shape and being rather small, was nice and had a great view from the large corner windows. It had a very quaint little kitchenette area equipped with a 2 burner stove, microwave, refrigerator and yes - a dishwasher, washer and dryer ! Not something you'll find in very many hotels and didn't cost extra - the cost was among the lowest for the downtown hotels. And there is a drugstore right across the street.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Thelockes
<Content>A very good place to stay We stayed in a one bedroom on the east side of the tower on the 31st floor for 4 nights in April 07. We had a very nice view of the less famous parts of Toronto but very good just the same. It looked like rooms on the west side could only see another high rise building. The accommodation was not very spacious for the queen size bed and the sofa bed in the lounge. Our daughter slept on the sofa bed that was fine for her but a large adult may not find it very comfortable. Space around the bed in the bedroom was a little tight. The bathroom was not very big either. On the plus side; the cleaning staff were very good. The kitchenettes are well equipped with a washer and dryer that worked well. We chose to have the internet/long distance phone call service for $5.00 a day and this worked well. There is a large desk and ethernet cable connection. The room had umpteen windows so natural light and outlook were pleasing.The reception and conciege service were very friendly and helpful. We used the free vintage car service twice. This is a low key operation. The hotel is very well situated near to everything we wanted to see. Walking to most attractions (CN Tower, Blue Jays baseball park, harbour, Eaton Centre etc.) is very possible. The PATH is easily connected to via a tunnel from below the hotel. We booked through Air Canada, this was cheaper than directly with the hotel but has drawbacks if you need to cancel. The hotel is only two years old so the equipment is in good condition and there was very little cooking smell in our hallway. All and all we thought it a pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Anonam
<Content>Smack Bang in the Centre of Toronto We stayed here for night after a trip touring round Toronto and Niagara. We checked in late and there was no probs with our room - we had a high floor room and that means high floor 40!!! It really is a sky scraper. This means you get amazing views of the city.Our room was very well equipped - double bed, huge tv with all the channels, kitchen with dish washer, frige, oven, micro wave and nice bathroom. The windows for the rooms were all on the corner so it was a bit dull but never the less great value for money.The location is good on the hotel right in DownTown only about 5 mins walk to the Eaton Centre. We never ate breakfast here but it looked okay.Gym/Spa/Sauna was nice - especially when its soo cold outside.Lovely hotel definately good for longer stays with the kitchen facilities-no good if you dont like heights!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WaterMonkey
<Content>Small room but great location! We stayed here one night in February and loved the location. Smack dab in the middle of downtown life, immediate access to the King subway stop, and sitting on top of the PATH network of underground shopping. The room itself had everything in it for a lengthier stay, like fridge, washer/dryer, oven, sink, dishes, etc. The downsides: smaller room than I'd expected, and only valet parking.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bumblebees
<Content>Excellent location. Well appointed rooms. I stayed in one of the studio apts. Got it for a great deal online considering the suite was right downtown, with the subway right on the doorstep. My modern room had a little kitchen, as well as a washer and dryer, fridge, microwave, king size bed, tv, etc. etc. The room was very clean and quiet.Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>JOCURT
<Content>Wish it was more than one night!!!!!! Excellent stay and a wonderful hotel!! We came to Toronto to attend a function downtown. Checked several other hotels and this one had the best reviews and a good price. We asked for a good view when booking and we weren't disappointed...42nd floor overlooking the financial district. We booked a Superior Tower Suite. Great room with nice amenities. Next time we will book a king size bed. There could be more shelf space in the bathroom. Heater is noisy...shut it off if you want to get any sleep.From one of the previous reviews we learned of the hotel car service. Got dropped off at our function in a Bentley...AWESOME.Overall a really nice stay  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jshien
<Content>new and modern or old and vintage visited with my parents. booked two rooms, our room was in the older section (the lower floors) my parents rooms were on the highest floors. The new rooms are very nice and modern with great views. The older rooms in the lower floors seem more spacious but they were also darker because they were on lower levels. If i remember correctly the rooms had washing machines as well as dishwashers. The price was great for what you get! They also have free car service in their vintage cadillacs. overall good experience.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>allan1949
<Content>Perfect experience A perfect location; pleasant and efficient staff, nice room, gym is 24/7 and well equipped.No waiting for staff or elevator.Laundry expensive...but who cares if all else is ok.Well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jendon
<Content>More than we expected ...             Vault Sports Bar  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RosyDays
<Content>Great location We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of January. The location is fantastic, everything is within walking distance.The room itself was all great. It was large, warm and had a large TV, washer, dryer, microwave, dishwasher and fridge. The bathroom was adequate but a little small. The food in the hotel was expensive so we ate out. I would recommend Richtree around the corner - loads of choice and very cheap.There is direct access to the PATH (underground walkway) from the hotel. This was invaluable as it was -15 degrees whilst we were there!The only downside was that I requested a room with a view, and the only view I got was of the building across the road. I asked for a view but was told I would have to pay more for one. As it was snowing and very cloudy I declined due to the fact that I couldn't see the view even if I wanted.The room was booked through hotelopia and if you quote 432 in the discount voucher or code you get 10% off.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>ScottishPrincess
<Content>Reasonable if you are paying for the whole family       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluetax
<Content>Recommended! well i chose this hotel having reviewed the trip advisor website - and my expectations were surpassed from even the rave reviews posted here!great location - right in the heart of the city.the building is the former TD bank headquarters to which they have built a 50 storey extension on the side of - sounds kind of weird but really works. the old vaults are still there and if you are there on business i believe you can still book the old boardroom and chairman's office.we booked a tower suite in order to get the view - we were not disappointed - our room was on the 45th floor and was large and comfortable and the view spectacular! the staff were very helpful and indeed searched high and low to find us a restaurant open for christmas eve (thank you Helen on reception!) and booked us into Mortons of Chicago (also recommended but you really need only order one steak between two or no starters - i actually don't think i have ever seen steaks that large before!!).we also got to use the complimentary transport to take us to and from the restaurant as no one else had booked it - quote of  i really like this car from my girlfriend received a hearty don't get used to it! - it was a ROLLS ROYCE!!room service also good and prompt. rooms also have microwaves, washing machines and tumble dryers and the lobby can supply washing powder. one small point would have been that with only a tiny effort in room layout hey could have got a bath into the bathroom not just a large shower.we booked from the link here and that was much cheaper than through the hotel direct.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tedgale
<Content>Odd room but very good value The room was in the original building, hence a non-traditional size and shape. Pluses: very, very spacious -- delicious king bed plus a large sitting area with a granite-countered kitchen area (washer, dryer, dishwasher, fridge, cooktop, micro-wave, none of which we used). Large serviceable bathroom with separate shower stall -- a little austere in decor but who cares.Minus: the non-view. The builders have created a glass-roofed light-well for some of these rooms, so we had no view. Other more expensive rooms have views galore,so chalk this up to our penchant for economy, not to the hotel itself.And we paid only $139 per night and were out of the room most of the day. We were quite satisfied. We did not use the pricey valet parking but dropped bags at the door and parked 1.5 blocks away for half the price.Overall hotel: there are magnificent public rooms (Dominion Club, original bank board room) but they are oddly located. The fitness area on the 17th floor is also oddly laid out. Overall, the conversion of an historic bank HQ to a hotel did not quite gel. But at these rates and in this location -- well, again, who cares...  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BubbaLove
<Content>great extended stay I was in Toronto for business and stayed at the Suites for 8 weeks in November and December. It was a delightful stay. My room was not big, but well thought out. The design of the room was chic and the bed was very comfortable. I had a separate bath  shower and the room was complete with a kitchenette, dishwasher  washer/drier. Not all the rooms have a bathtub, so if this is important to you, be sure to specify when making your reservation. I stayed in the historic section of the hotel which has fantastic 14 foot ceilings, however the windows were a bit drafty. Staying in the new tower offers views of the city. The fitness center was very modern, but small for a hotel this size. The sauna was great, but the hot tub had frequent problems. The antique car service is a unique perk. Be sure to reserve in advance if you want a lift on the weekends. There were some kinks with this new hotel, but the staff could not have been any nicer, even when they couldn't quickly handle some issues.The location of this hotel is FANTASTIC! You can walk to many nearby attractions. Or the King Street Subway station is directly beneath the hotel,  you don't even have to go outside to connect to it or the PATH system. The street car also stops in front of the hotel. There are many great restaurants nearby. (I suggest going out or eating at the lobby bar rather than ordering room service.)I would definitely stay here again. The charm of staying in an old bank is very cool, and it is a terrific value!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kstuart123
<Content>Loved the Suites Brilliant hotel, Went there with my girlfriend for 5 nights and absolutly excellent. We order food through room service was cheap and very very quick. If you book through the internet for this hotel you can get it alot cheaper, i booked it through expedia which was the cheapest place i could find it. They were also very helpfull at the hotel, for example one night i was taking my girlfriend out for a meal so they suggested a reasturant and also rented out of their private cars to take us there for free. Great hotel, recommended A++++++  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LelandGirl
<Content>I'll Stay Here Again Quite a nice hotel especially when you consider the rate, its location and the fact that the entire establishment is smoke-free (a definite advantage from our point of view). The rooms are studio-like and I loved the in-unit laundry. Had a problem with the room the first day we were there. We were asked to wait for the room because of a routine carpet-cleaning, we were fine with leaving our luggage with another couple who were travelling with us and got their room assigned already. Anyhow, when we finally got up to the room, it was roomier than the one our friends got (a good sign). I could smell a hint of the carpet cleaning agent and smoke but thought I was being overly sensitive.After a while though as we were unloading, I noticed some red wine stains on the window treatments and carpet (whoever cleaned it must have missed these spots earlier). We rang the front desk and they apologised for the experience and gave us a room with the same view on another floor and offered to come up for our luggage.The staff members were very helpful and took care of us during our 5-day stay, we took advantage of the classic car rides to local restaurants and they even arranged a stretched limo to take us to the airport.All in all, I'll definitely stay here when visiting Toronto again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>JG-TRIP
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location We stayed in the Suites for 4 nights in December and could not fault it at all. We stayed on the 21st floor and the views over the lake were spectacular. The rooms were modern, clean and very well equipped . The bed was extremely large and so comfortable we found it hard to leave and brave the cold outside, it was minus 10c outside but the suites and the hotel lobby were very warm and welcoming.We found the staff and service excellent, In particular the concierge who went out of his way to help us find directions and book excursions.What made this hotel even better was the location, I doubt there is a better located hotel for shopping and sight seeing , right on the corner of Yonge Street and 15 mins walk to the lake shore and all major attractions.This is one of the best city hotels we have stayed in and would not hesitate to recommend it to fellow travellers  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Daoda
<Content>Not bad Not bad for the price. Rooms were decent sized, but overall quality of rooms and service was just average. Many small things missed by housekeeping or the front desk staff, hallways a bit ratty, bathrooms had very little space for toiletries, beds were too firm. Coffee maker in room but no milk or cream in the fridge, just non-dairy creamer. For the extra $30 bucks, I'd rather have stayed at the Inter-Conentinental.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>WenKat
<Content>loved the suites The suites on one king west was one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at. We were on the 42nd floor with a spectacular view. The bed was super comfortable and our room had a fridge, microwave,dishwasher, washer and dryer plus utensils (including a wine opener). The staff was pleasant and very helpful. The location is perfect too. The only drawback we had was when the heat vent came on it was very loud. It woke us out of a sound sleep. We will stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cupper
<Content>Excellent Value at the Suites!! My husband and I were Toronto for the evening to see a show. The hotel had a wonderful package deal that included a studio suite, dinner at the Dominion Club (in the hotel) and transportation to and from the show for $195 plus taxes! This was such an incredible deal, we had to take it!Not only was the price enticing, but the service we experienced from the front desk to the valet was absolutely top notch!The room was very modern and offered a kitchenette equipped with a microwave, mini fridge and mini dishawsher. It was also convenient that the room has a small washer and dryer, if you needed it. My husband and I also worked out at the gym. It was located on the 17th floor and the view was very motivating and breathtaking. There were also top of the line fitness equipment and two hot tubs to use after to relax. Dinner was fabulous and considering we only paid $240 with taxes for the whole package, our dinner was a steal and was worth a value of $170!We were chauffered to and from the show in an old rolls royce that maintained the historical and old charm the hotel has to offer. This mini stay in Toronto was worth every penny and I can't wait to spend another night at this marvelous hotel!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>esyho
<Content>Excellent overall value Excellent service, top-notch value. While you're there, do try the Dominion Club Restaurant, wonderful food and service. Definitely will come back, highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmckee1980
<Content>Can't get much better!       The room  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SuDoKuBaby
<Content>Better than expected hotel; great value       Bed  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Mongo1
<Content>#1 at Suites on 1 King West... One King West did not disappoint. I was on site for four consecutive nights end of oct and first 3 days of November.I booked and received a rate of $149.00 plus taxes. The room was a great deal. It was a king suite on the 15th floor. The problem I had was that the windows looked out onto nothing but a large vent鈥o daylight. It appears I was in one of a few rooms that opened into the buildings infrastructure interior鈥?this problem appears to be corrected at the 17th floor above. The room was in constant heat mode with no cool air available. I asked to have the matter corrected however it never was.Staff/Service; Excellent. Any requests were handled with a smile and in an efficient manner except my non air conditioned matter.Room; Carpet was worn/stained however the room was clean every day. The facilities within the room were well maintained and efficient for everyday use. The room was well appointed and left little more required.Common facilities; These were excellent. It had a great health center for adults however any kids may notice the non-pool concept. The health/athletic center is one of the best I have seen in my travels. The elevators as previously reported were slow however did not have too much of an impact on my daily schedule. The lobby area was impeccable. It was not over powering. It had an exclusive club type of feel and was well laid out. Check in and checkout was fast. It was obvious staff knew their job and enjoyed working there. Other lobby staff was equally courteous and available to answer all questions.Location; They say location is everything, and here it is just that. Located on Younge Street in the city core you are close to everything. Having a cook facility in your room you are just two blocks from a major chain grocery store open 24 hours. If you are a non cook and on vacation I challenge you to figure out where to eat in a timely fashion. There are so many first class eateries within this area you will be dumbfounded. The subway is in the basement of the building and can be accessed at street level on the buildings east/north sides. Most convenient way to travel if the subway meets your destination needs.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Therooster
<Content>Great location and excellent room               More photos  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	2	

<Author>stellargirl21
<Content>1st Anniversary was great!       View from our room to the ground  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>eleanorp
<Content>thanks trip advisor Thanks to trip advisor I have just returned from a stay at suites at king street. I work hard at anything I book and when we decided to go to Toronto as part of our trip I went straight on to trip advisor to check out the hotels.The suites looked interesting.I called my travel agent but they did not have it listed..i tried a few others but none had heard of it so I just took the chance and thanks to you we were delighted.Because the price was very good we were worried we were going to a dump.Oh we were so wrong.It was spotless.The room was lovely,the beds were so comfortable.The staff helpful and polite.They are still doing things to it and when it is finished it will be amazing.The vault in the basement will be a sports bar.They have left the safe door it looks great.The breakfast room is the grandhall of the bank with old leather chairs.I could go on and on.If you are going to Toronto,give it a try you will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>p.m.s.norton
<Content>Suites at 1 King Street really special Stayed here for 6 nights and having reserved a basic room at an amazingly good rate of 拢60 a night we were on the 6th floor in the old bank building. No view but the room was very quiet and was large enough for 2 with all the mod cons you need on a city break the washer and drier handy if you take fairly empty cases. Location we found brilliant. Close to Harbour ferry for the islands and Union Station making a day trip to Niagra by train easy. direct access through the old bank vaults to the Path system with a great array of eateries and shops. The eateries were great cater for all tastesand so cheap. We were able to walk to all parts of the city though the road cars and subway were easy to navigate. The hotel dominion club is luxurious and to eat breakfast in such splendid surroundings with great service was such a treat. Staff were so friendly and were so helpful in proving advice and latterly arranging for us to be taken to the shuttle bus stop in the Rolls Royce for free!! This is a hotel you should consider if you like style and service in a good spot in the business district. Eat at Richtree a block down in the BCE Building as that was a great experience if you like a variety of eating options and amazing puddings at unreal prices!! The City is safe clean and the people very friendly great selection of theatres and sport close to hotel so everything on the doorstep.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MartinaZT
<Content>Absolutely great! We booked our three-night stay at this hotel after reading the great reviews on tripadvisor and can only recommend it yet again. We had a studio suite on the 28th floor, it was immaculately clean, spacious and quiet. All the staff are friendly and helpful and can't do enough for you. We had the buffet breakfast on the Sunday morning ($14.95 each for the full monty or $8.95 each for continental) and it was very good, lots of choice, all fresh etc. We booked one of the complimentary classic cars for a lift to the car rental at union street and it was great fun. If we return to Toronto this hotel would be our first choice.If you don't fancy the hotel food, try Richtree's Market Restaurant at 42 Yonge Street (5 mins away) for breakfast, lunch or dinner - great fresh food and you only pay for what you want. You can also have it as take away.Only one word of warning - we booked an airport pickup via the hotel website, asking for the $60 service. The service is run by a separate company. The guy turned up in a stretch limo which he parked in the multi storey so we had to walk all the way over there...and then he charged us $85 which is the VIP service. We were too tired to argue but thought we'd warn people about it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DilbertAndFriends
<Content>Good hotel at a good price The hotel is comprised of two buildings, one is the original bank (complete with vault) and the other is a tower connected to it. I stayed in the original bank building on the fifth floor.The room was large and had high ceilings and was well furnished. The only minor problem was that being on the fifth floor there was some traffic noise but with the room facing Yonge Street it was to be expected. The traffic noise was usually gone by 9pm.The hotel is connected to the P.A.T.H by a door just by the bank vault, very handy for those rainy days. The hotel also has the King Street subway station underneath so there is easy access to the subway.For the money I paid for the room I would say that it was excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>minibargrrl
<Content>Nice room, Beautiful view, Lobby under construction The Suites at One King West is a funky unique hotel. Note: During Aug 2006, the lobby was undergoing construction, it is my understanding this was a residence that is turning into a hotel.The first room we were given reeked of cigarrette smoke, and we were moved quickly. Our second room was fine, the view of the water and city was amazing for the cost! It includes a kichenette, although oddly designed.The elevators can be a problem, you can wait quite a while for one. The hotel has fun old cars they are willing to drive you to close locations too - don't forget to tip.The staff of the hotel is very helpful, although very young and unsure of themselves. The food is NOT GOOD at this hotel. We ordered room service a few times and it was so awful (do not order a burger) that we had to get take out because we couldn't eat it! Even the desserts are bad!I think this will be a great hotel in about a year, once they figure out the kinks!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>bertieg
<Content>King of Suites! One of the main reasons for choosing this hotel for our trip to Toronto is the positive reviews it got, plus we got a really good deal from the site we bought our trip from. We got an excellent price for such a good hotel.Let's get the negatives out of the way first. The hotel is fairly new and it seems as though the staff may be still in training or not used to their jobs yet as they are a little slack. Don't get me wrong , everyone we spoke to was very nice and polite, it's just that the service could be a bit better. For instance we ordered breakfast on our first morning which never turned up, we had to call reception to find out what happened, however we did get our meal eventually - they did get the order wrong though.But these niggles are far out-weighed by the positives. Firstly, the room was great. It was spacious, and had all the mod cons you could want - fridge, washer-dryer, microwave oven and dishwasher. Secondly the location was great too. Their was a subway stop and streetcar stop right outside the hotel plus a lot of the downtown places to visit are walking distance and the entertainment district, which has theatres, bars and restaurants aplenty, is only a 10 min walk or quick streetcar ride away.Another nice feature of the hotel is that you can book one of their fabulous classic cars to take you anywhere in the vicinity ...for free! We took a rather nice Bentley to the CN tower, which was rather nice - I could've got used to that!Overall a great hotel and one where we would stay again. If they could tighten up the service it would make 5 stars.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Kate+Peter
<Content>Comfort and Service at a Good Price We booked three nights at a great price (129 CAD) direct with the property.Our room was a spacious studio suite with a kitchen 'corner' including both a washing machine and tumble dryer (perfect for half way through our travels!) and a compact bathroom. we were really fortunate to be on the 47th floor giving us a great view from our window though the elevator trip pops your ears every time!!The front desk and concierge staff were very helpful and even offered a complimentary ride to the The CN Tower for our dinner reservation at 360 in one of theie limos.The location is also fantastic, everything is pretty much within walking distance and Toronto's grid system makes navigation very easy.We had a problem with our bill on checking out (wrong rate charged) however the receptionist dealing with the matter was anxious to get a message to me at our next stop to reassure me that matters had been sorted out and indeed a fax arrived within 36 hours to that effect - so no problem. I have to add however that her manager could not have been less interested in the matter if he'd tried and was quite abrupt with me, perhaps he should swap jobs with the helpful receptionist, she seemed much more suited to Customer Service Management!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smokeydope
<Content>nice hotel just got back from Toronto yesterday and had a great time at the Suites. Have been on several city breaks and usually spend about 拢70-80 a night for a room and the suites was the best room we have stayed in so far. Got there on evening so early check in was not a problem for us. The desk staff were helpful throughout the stay , helping us with things we forgot to bring with us from uk and giving directions etc. Stayed onthe 27th floor and the view was fabulous. Looked across to the Harbourfront and the Islands and the CN Tower , couldn't ask for more. No street noise but each floor does have air vents on the outside wall which makes a low humming noise( got used to it after one night)The rooms are decorated nicely and the beds are big ( king or larger?). There is a desk and leather chair and big wardrobe and big tv with dvd player and fully equiped kitchenette with dishwasher and washer/dryer( hotel does laundry pack with machine powder and tumble dryer sheets etc for only $3 or 拢1.50 and lots of other hotel packs e.g refreshments and movies)Bathroom is medium in size with a shower( no bath) and nice tolietries. Hotel has restaurant which we used on first night as too tired to go out and thr food was lovely and a really good price. Did not use gym or pool as out all day but had a look and the gym had good equipment but the pool is only small enough to bathe in not swim.Hotel is right next to the King subway which can get you to most places and there are loads of restaurants and shops in the area.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mygree22
<Content>Not a Good Selection This hotel did not allow for early check in, which is fine but gave us a really bad excuse, saying that our specific room wasn't available and it had to be inspected. When we returned at check in time it still wasn't ready for the same reason and the woman at the front desk offer a room upgrade that was ready then (a better suite). Upon entry to the room it was already occupied and to both my and the woman surprise we caught her undress. We just went right in, which in hindsight was a real security breech. Back down at the desk they did nothing to compensate the matter, only offering us our original room that was then ready. The room was extremely cold, with no windows to look out of. The windows were about 12 feet from the floor. Even after placing the heat as high as it could go, it was still freezing and the staff never returned our request to have someone check it. The end result is that both my husband and myself came home seriously sick. This hotel which is a renovated bank should not be listed as a hotel, but actually as mini apartments or condos or something to that affect. It is not the place to take your vacation. Especially at the price we paid.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	5	1	2	3	

<Author>markolw
<Content>Absolutely amazing hotel!       Living room  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KPaul
<Content>Great visit - super hotel This was our second visit to this propery for a short getaway, and we loved it! The valet parking and check-in procedure were fast and friendly; the suite spacious, spotless and well equipped; the elevators fast (the first time we went to the Suites they were very slow). As with our last stay, the central location in the heart of Toronto, close to the primary shopping, restaurant and theater attractions meant we didn't have to use the car - walking to most of what we wanted to see, as well as using their classic car service, served us very well.This time we tried out the main restaurant and found it very good - it is in a converted historic banking hall with a very detailed high ceiling with the coats of arms of the provinces of Canada. Very nice atmosphere. Room service breakfast was so-so; cool french toast and bottled orange juice (rather than the advertised fresh squeezed!)We total recommend this hotel and will be back!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CDN_SWUSA
<Content>Great location, service and a great deal. I spent three nights at the Suites at 1 King West during the first week of August 2006. Generally when I visit Toronto I try to save money by staying in suburban Mississauga. While I spend most of my visits to Toronto in the Downtown Core and surrounding neighborhoods, I usually forgo downtown lodging since anything desirable is usually $200-300 CDN a night during the peak summer months.But with the deal I received for a Tower Superior suite for $149 USD a night, I reserved three nights. And for the most part I was not disappointed. Courteous, excellent service from the front desk, porters and valets made a big difference. I had a 17th floor suite with a modest view of Yonge Street and Lake Ontario. I even paid for Valet parking with in and out privileges for $25 a day, which I felt was worth it.The Tower Superior Suite I stayed in was small for something classified as suite, but it had a nice king size bed with a duvet cover, and despite its size (about 500 sq ft) it did not feel cramped since it had an open plan and floor to ceiling windows. It included a small kitchenette with refrigerator/freezer, sink. Microwave and dishwasher. The room and hotel facilities were exceptionally clean and any construction that is mentioned in previous reviews has been completed. The only hotel amenities I used were the small health club on the 15th floor. I worked out a 9PM and it was cool doing a run on their high-tech treadmill with cable TV hooked up to the treadmills鈥?built in TV. But much better than that was the nighttime view of Toronto (the treadmills face the window). There are no nautilus machines but a decent selection of free weights. Location is exceptional, the hotel is at the heart of the Downtown Core at King  Yonge and it is across the street from the TTC鈥檚 King Street subway station. Many points of interest are in walking distance from the hotel. You can forgo a car and purchase a TTC Day Pass for $8 CDN. The TTC day pass allows full access to their system of subways, streetcars and buses up until 5AM the next morning. King Street is also a primary streetcar route. Great location, service, very clean and a great deal. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lmptd
<Content>Poor service I stayed two nights in August and the air conditioning was not functioning properly. The first night, I just slept uncomfortably. The next morning, I called the front desk and someone came to fix the problem. I left for most of the day after that, but the room was still hot when I returned. They sent someone to fix the problem again, to no avail. I insisted on moving to another room -- which was hotter still. Finally, I ended up moving back to the original room. The person at the front desk claimed that there was no way that they could compensate me for the inconvenience since I booked my hotel through expedia (except they gave me a free drink at the hotel restaurant -- very generous....) Not how I wanted to spend my last night in Toronto! Other than that, the rooms were very nice and the location was great.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>gmhaggis
<Content>Great place to stay in Downtown Toronto Stayed here for a few days either end of a recent vacation to Canada. Only a few blocks walk from both Union (VIA Rail) station and the Fairmont Royal York Hotel setdown/pickup point for the Airport Express bus. This is an easy 10 minute walk (assuming you can carry any luggage which you might be carrying). On both stays checkin was straightforward and staff were efficient and pleasant enough. The standard studio suites were modern, well equiped, very spacious and clean. Also included a kitchenette area with facilities including hob, microwave, washer, dryer and ample crockery. Note that if you use these facilities then detergents/dish towels can be provided by the hotel at extra cost (or bring your own). Wired internet connection is availalble in the room. On my first stay when asking about usng this was told the cost was $5/day, but this also included unlimited long distance phone calls. I requested this for the first day, but the internet remained avaialble for the remainer of my stay (was still only charged for one day). On the second stay I didn't request the internet, but it still worked (and I was not charged for it). It could be that there system for controlling this is not working. The lobby/reception area was very pleasant and also included the bar. I did not use the hotel restaurant, but did have a few bar meals which were excellent (and reasonably priced).There is a metro streetcar stop just outside the hotel entrance and if you're a caffeine addict there's a Starbucks just across the street. The Eaton shopping center is a few blocks walk along Yonge Street.I also managed to get an excellent rate for this hotel (for both stays) from Expedia and this was significantly cheaper than the hotel's advertised rate. One word or warning, if booking through Expedia (and probably using other online agencies) you can't claim the visitors tax refund on the GST paid on the room.I would definitely stay here again on any furture Toronto visit and highy recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Egglin
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed in the Suites at 1 King West for 5 nights in September. Though we only stayed on the 16th floor we were very happy with our room. Everything we needed. As mentioned in all the other reviews we had the mini kitchen. Great to have the washer /dryer for clothes. The front Desk staff were pleasent and effiencent. We didn't bother with the front desk after that as we had all the information we needed. There are plenty of brouchures in the Lobby if you are a tourist and wondering what to do. The Subway is right outside the door. The hotel is only one 2 blocks from the Eaton Centre( Shopping). Loads of eateries and restaurants on the hotels doorstep. Overall a great stay and would recommend it to anyone going to Toronto be it for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>caroleum
<Content>Excellent Service We stayed at the Suites at 1 King West for 5 nights during one of the busiest times in Canada's entertainment calendar i.e. Toronto International Film Festival 2006. Located in downtown Toronto, this impressive hotel has all the amenities required by the discerning traveller.Paying great attention to detail, all staff were extremely helpful, polite and genuinely friendly. The Concierge / valet staff were consistently happy to provide useful information, no matter how insignificant the query. The hotel's classic cars collection - Rolls Royce, Bentley etc were a delight. Provided you gave the Concierge staff time to plan, a driver and allocated slot were arranged to take you to your chosen venue in style.It should be noted that the 'swimming pool' located on the 17th (out of 49) floors is unsuitable for children - in fact it is the size of a jacuzzi. However, the gym facilities are excellent for adults.Our suite located on the 40th floor was superb - beautifully furnished and as you can imagine, had panoramic views over the city and of Toronto islands. It contained a spacious lounge with sofa that converted to a comfortable double bed, a kitchen composed of sink, ample cupboards, washing machine, separate tumble dryer, dishwasher, microwave etc. The bedroom with King size bed and contemporary furnishings in beiges and greens was quite luxurious.The added extra with this hotel is the fact that if the weather should be inclement you have easy access to the unique underground shopping system, rather caustically named 'The Path' - the hotel is directly above this rabbit warren of shops, food courts and banks. Brilliant!We look forward to returning to this hotel in the not too distant future and I recommend it highly to all.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Rob.Rugg
<Content>Wonderful Surprise We live in Toronto, but we wanted a little break. We decided on the Suites at 1 King W, because it was new and impressive. The rooms are one of the best parts of the hotel because they are all unique and larger than a single room, but smaller than a traditional 2 bed hotel room. The impressive part is the lobby, and the ornate details throughout the historical part. Although some part of the hotel is under construction, you can see how the results will be stunning.The one thing that I wish I did utilize was the free limo service, but I have no idea how to access that.Overall amazing hotel room, service, and location.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chris036
<Content>Superb Location, Hotel        View from Yonge St  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jess500
<Content>Great room, a bit on the small side We stayed at 1 King West for 2 nights and had a very enjoyable stay. We were a bit surprised at the small size of the room and the awkward, corner window. However, the room was well appointed and comfortable. They do need to add some counter space in the bathroom, which is also very small. The room was very clean and the bed and duvet comfortable. A large fridge, kitchen sink, dishwasher as well as washer, dryer and microwave were convenient to have in the room. We did make use of the jacuzzi and sauna one night, and they were wonderful. The staff we dealt with were very friendly. We would recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RWC99
<Content>Excellent! Would come back anytime I'm in Toronto! Fantastic experience! Lovely hotel, great location (with Starbucks right out the front door!), close to many great restaurants and big name shops. Rooms (suites) are AMAZING - dishwasher, laundry washer and dryer! Bathroom is lovely (I had a large walk-in shower), room is large.Front desk staff are friendly and efficient, as are door/bell staff. Nothing to complain about! Definately would return when I have the chance!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LouMiller
<Content>Great Views!               More photos  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trvlguy39
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Location               
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rwoody
<Content>Great Experience at 1 King West We had a very nice stay at this new hotel in the Financial District. Front desk staff were very nice and efficient. Although the rooms are labeled suites, ours was more like an fairly large hotel room with extra amenities (fridge, microwave, washer/dryer, etc.). Still, it was more than adequate, and quite comfy and clean. The views from the upper floors are fantastic. For convenience, it can't be beat. There is a subway stop at the hotel as well as an entrance to the PATH (underground shopping), but the best part is that antique cars are available to take you wherever you want for free (reserve in advance and tip the driver of course). The restaruant (Dominion Club) has an impressive atmoshpere and is very reasonably priced. However, while we found the breakfast to be good we were much less impressed with dinner there. Had it not been raining buckets we would have ventured out to one of Toronto's many fine restaurants. Nevertheless, it is a find and reasonably priced (at least for now) hotel. I would stay there again and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LorraineR
<Content>One the best hotels I have stayed in When I was trying to find a hotel in Toronto, I found that they were probably rather more expensive than I had expected. That said I did want a hotel in downtown.The room I booked at 1 King West was booked about 10 weeks before my visit at $159. When I checked in I was allocated a room on the 42nd floor!The room was superb - clean/bright/good bed/ good facilities (coffee maker/washing machine/dishwasher/microwave/and lots of microwaveable dishes) and a fantastic view!Lifts were good - so often in hotels you have to wait for ages for the lift to arrive, only to find it is full when it gets to you - not here - plenty of capacity.I can not recommend this hotel highly enough. It is probably one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>globalgourmet
<Content>Best Value in the City Wow! Thanks to Trip Advisor for this gem of a place. I got an Expedia special at $92/night plus taxes (US) for this centrally located, one-year-old four-star equivalent. Huge, roomy suite (even at this rate, they gave me an upgrade) with an office area, kitchen/living area, bedroom area and roomy bath. Kitchen includes mini-dishwasher, washer and dryer, microwave, dishes, the whole bit. The building is a former downtown bank skyscraper, now a private club below and a combination of hotel and apartments above. Since they're still new, it's worth it to hunt out a special, even though they're a good deal at their rack rate of $149 Canadian. It may be worth calling them directly after you've found your best rate online.The hotel features four classic limos, incuding a Rolls Royce Silver Spur, guests can reserve at no charge for transportation in the local area. I paid an additional $4.99 Canadian a day for high-speed Internet access AND unlimited calls anywhere in Canada and the US.This is really quite a deal. Only rough edges: no concierge yet and the young bell staff they have filling in are not very well informed. And the maid service still has a few rough edges: plastic bags in garbage cans installed with air inside so the anything tossed into them bounces right out, toilet paper and other amenities not always replaced--and no spares in room. But these are minor and will be worked out--my guess--as the place hits its stride. Excellent value.Thanks to those who stayed before me and pointed me in this direction!PS The hot tub is great and the fitness room well equipped, but the pool is really just a cold plunge about the same size as the hot tub.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Jockdoc
<Content>Awesome Hotel My wife and I were in town for her family reunion and was able to book this condo-hotel in Toronto itself. I was a bit apprehensive as the rate was low for a hotel in that area ($93 US/night). We were totally caught offguard by how nice the hotel was. While the layout is not typical for a hotel (we had a studio suite that was essentially a long corrider), the amenities and boutique feeling more than made up for it. There were washer/dryer in addition to a dishwasher/microwave. We had a deep soaking tub to relaxi in after a day of exploring Toronto. There was high speed internet available for $5 canadian/day. The hotel provided complimentary rolls royce to take us to and pick us from the theater. I think our only poor experience was with the hotel guest/resident who spoiled our mood on our elevator ride upstairs by stating he can't understand why we would visit Toronto. The Dominion Club was nice but the service was a bit slow as the Kitchen is actually downstairs and there were some miscommunications re: timing of each course. Oh, well. Hopefully, they'll have that ironed out by the time we return for a wedding next year.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmarch291
<Content>An Excellent Value I stayed at the Suites at 1 King West from 8/26/06 to 8/29/06. I booked at hotels.com, so I got a rate of $93 CDN a night, which is amazing for a four star hotel. I got a studio suite on the 19th floor (Suite 1902) and it had great views of King Street. Service was great....everybody had a smile on their face and they were always willing to help. I ate breakfast in the Dominion Club the first morning I was there. The food was OK, but it wasn't that expensive. The thing I liked most about this hotel was that they didn't nickel and dime you (cough, cough, WESTIN.) Internet access and unlimited phone was only $4.99 a night and rides in the cars were free. My only complaint was that they made you pay $2.00 for dish detergent and laundry powder. They probably should provide that for free, since many other hotels do so. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at 1 King West and I hope to be back there soon!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sethdr
<Content>Excellent Experience This hotel was spacious, quiet and very clean. I would sum up the negative points of some other reviews by saying that this property is new and they are clearly still working on opening and getting their procedures in place. We had a glitch with our cards upon check-in and the staff upgraded us to a deluxe 2-room suite on the 44th floor with views on 3 sides. We moved to this hotel after having a bad experience at the Cosmpolitan, which is right across the street. We did not have any problems or costs involved with getting our car in and out, and another cool benefit is that the concierge staff has a fleet of vintage cars (Bentley, '60 Cadillac, Rolls) with drivers who will take you to various downtown sites for free (with an advance reservation).  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>NoKaOi34
<Content>NoKaOi......Second to None!!!! An awesome ending to a great vacation..... We always enjoy spending a couple days in Toronto after Induction Weekend at Baseball Hall of Fame. First time at Suites at King West and will definitely be back again. Upper level accomodations with great view of skyline including CN Tower. Took advantage of Lord of the Rings theatre package which was second to none. Only negative was that some things were still under construction.Highly reccomended!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RoseEngland
<Content>One King West is a City Centre Gem I booked late but got an excellent rate online for a stay in July 2006. I am a woman travelling alone from the UK, and had not been to Toronto before so was keen to stay somewhere safe and comfortable in the city centre. This hotel was such a great find and if I go back to Toronto I would not consider staying anywhere else.I am well travelled and expect high standards and this hotel did not disappoint. The suite had amazing views of the city. The room was excellent with every amenity you could need and was spotlessly clean. Other reviews have complained about the time you have to wait for the lifts but I was on the 46th floor and every single time I used the lift it was there almost instantly so I definitely disagree with those comments. I also received excellent service at the front desk, as well as in the lobby bar and the restaurant. I only ate breakfast at the hotel but it was good with lots of choice.Rates at this hotel are way below others of a similar standard in the city and I might therefore have thought I would get an inferior product. This is definitely not the case here and I would really recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a hotel right in the centre of the city, who appreciates excellent accommodation, and expects good service. I couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>verna
<Content>Wow what a view!! We stayed at the Suites on August 12th. for two nights and the room we had had a terrific view of Lake Ontario, CN Tower and much more. Our room was in the tower and it had everything you would want in a room and more...washer, dryer, dishwasher, fridge, microwave, dishes, utensils, glasses, iron  ironing board and in-room safe. There wasn't a hair dryer in the room, so take one with you in case there is none available at the front desk.If you wanted to pick up some food at the Market (which is just around the corner, a few blocks left) you were able to have it in your room which is a great convenience, especially for late night snacks. We had room service on Sunday night in the hotel before going to a concert and it was excellent. Try the fish and chips it was very good...not too much batter on the fish, just right and the chips were delicious.The staff at the hotel were wonderful and very friendly. Edwin drove us in the Bentley to the Mariah Carey concert and we had a great time. This idea of driving guests in these wonderful cars is a bonus. I booked our drive well in advance (a week before we arrived) so that we would be assured of being able to take advantage of this great idea.This hotel is exceptionally clean and organized. From the moment we arrived until we departed we found that the staff made sure that whatever we wanted they were there to ensure that we didn't want for anything. This hotel and staff made our stay in Toronto one that we will remember for a long time. The location of the hotel is great and it is near everything that you want to see and do. The subway is across the street from the hotel. Couldn't be any easier!!We had terrific weather and were able to sit out at many of the restaurants and cafes that are around the hotel. Sightseeing was all around us and we enjoyed every minute. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again when I go to Toronto. It's just wonderful to know that when you arrive your room will live up to your exceptations and even more the atmosphere of this hotel and staff ensure that you will have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>choon
<Content>Enjoyed our stay there Booked the Suites because of favourable reviews here and wasn't disappointed at all.The tower room might not resemble 'a suite' but it was spacious, clean, well-equipped with everything a holiday couple would need. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.We had a good view of the surrounding. The location, although in the financial district, has enough restaurants we could walk to. The Path [underground pathway] links the hotel to most places downtown.We were there for 3 nights and were very happy there. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goopguy123
<Content>Greatest Hotel Ever!!! After reading the great reviews of The Suites at One Key West in Toronto on your website, we decided to make a reservation. The rates were so incredibly inexpensive that we were a little apprehensive, but, decided to take a chance. The hotel exceeded our expectations! The rooms were brand new. They were extremely clean, the beds were unbelievably comfortable and we had a refrigerator, washer  dryer, and microwave. The service was superb. We were treated like we were VIP's at a 5-star hotel. The valets and concierge were extremely helpful, as were the desk staff. We parked our car with the valet and didn't need it again for the entire stay. We were chauffered around in either a vintage Rolls Royce or Bentley by the professional staff for no charge (we did tip them though). It was such a nice touch to a wonderful vacation. We highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AsaMe
<Content>Perfect stay! We stayed here on two different occations in August for 5 nights and we were really satisfied. Very nice suites , fully equipped and modern. Staff was great ( taking out a Bently when taxi drivers refused the short trip to The Fairmont Royal York with heavy bags) and location perfect. I later checked in at the Fairmont Royal York for the AIDS conference , but it was not nearly as good as the suites, which suprised me a lot. I would highly recommend this hotel. Also very good price when booking ahead on the internet. 脜sa Mellgren , Sweden  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noha_s
<Content>Credit Card overcharged - don't get the business package I stayed at this hotel for two nights in August 2006. The room was clean and the hotel was well-located. Upon check-in,I was offered their business package (or something like that)which includes all long distance calls (within NA).When I checked out, I was charged for both the long distancecalls *and* the business package (two separate bills on mycredit card). I have called them a few times, but have not receiveda call back. At some point, it is a waste of my time to keep tracking down a $12 refund. By the way, the business package also promises internet,but beware that (at least in my room) there is no internetjack or wireless; the only internet is dial-up. On the plus side, I did enjoy the view of the moon rising over the lake.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Ali_Scot
<Content>Clean and central The Suites at 1 King Street West as others have mentioned, is within the financial district of downtown Toronto and within walking distance of the CN Tower, Eaton Centre and other attractions. Our room was on the 13th floor and, although small, had a washing machine, tumble dryer, fridge and microwave along with a decent sound system and large TV. There was a shower (rather than a bath) but everything was clean and tidy.There is still building work going on - the 12th floor was being done but noise was minimal (we only found out when a fire alarm was triggered and we were informed to remain in our rooms). The announcements were clear and precise with information provided on the incident which was helpful. The Dominion Club on the 2nd floor provides a pleasant place to have breakfast, lunch or dinner and prices are reasonable (for a city centre establishment). The sauna / pool area looked nice though more of a jacuzzi than a full sized swimming pool.For an alternative meeting venue - there are the Vaults in the basement (where the money and gold was kept!). Can cater for up to 40 people and would definately be a talking point!Would stay here again if in Toronto.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RenoTourist
<Content>great value Fantastic value. Perfect location. We got a special via Travelocity at only $85 USD per night with $25 Canadian parking and it was truely a treat.The rooms are small, in fact, very small, as are the bathrooms but are well furnished. The kitchen won't prepare anything unless you can cook with a microwave but the fridge was large for a mini.King size beds and very comfortable. Quiet in all respects.The higher the floor the larger the room and the better the view. Our's was the 13th and it barely could see the lake. It goes up to over 40.Don't bring a car if you can avoid it. The limo service is free but requires an advance reservation, not always available. The subway is just next door and goes about wherever most tourist sites are.Grocery stores are nearby and fairly cheap. Go northeast, not south or west.The lobby and bar are great. Free newspaper.Highly recommended, especially if you get a prepaid deal as we did.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SuzanneJ
<Content>Good location but so-so place Stayed here for 2 nites in June 2006. This hotel advertises itself as SUITES at 1 King West. I think this is false advertising. My husband  I had a very nice ROOM at a reasonable rate for downtown Toronto, but it was by no means a suite. It was actually one room with a very small bathroom plus a counter with a sink , a microwave  small frig on the counter and a small dishwasher  small washer  dryer under the counter. It was nice . . . but I guess when I hear the word suite I think of more than one room - - - usually a bedroom separate from the living area . . . something like Embassy Suites offers.This was a strange place. We had a terrible time just finding it!! There is no name or address on the front of the building! You have to drive around on a side street to the back of the hotel.When we arrived in our room it was very warm. After looking all around for the thermostat we found that is was BEHIND a very large combination closet/TV armoire. We could not see it to adjust the temperature! We called the desk to see if maybe they had an answer or another room for us. After only 15 minutes the Gen. Manager  a big security guy appeared at our door and moved this huge armoire over about 12 inches so we could get at the thermometer. I have to give the manager a plus for that. This was a nice place but I do resent the fact that its rooms are billed as suites.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>McNewfie72
<Content>Nice Hotel in the Heart of Toronto I recently spent two nights at The Suites on King in Toronto. The hotel is very affordable, clean and comfortable. It is also within walking distacne of many Toronto attractions including the Skydome, CN Tower, Air canada Centre and shopping.Again the price was unbeatable. The staff very friendly and the hotel itself was very cool.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chiefy
<Content>Exceeded expectations My expectations were high after reading all the reviews, and I can honestly say that our stay was near perfection. From the minute we drove up and were greeted by the valet, we knew this was going to be an experience. The car was whisked away, and we entered abeautiful lobby.Check in seemed as though they were waiting for us, and we were in our suite on the 32nd flooor in minutes.The accomodations were absolutely 5 star, with an immaculate room, all the amenities that other reviewers spoke about, and a view of the city and the lake that was amazing. The hotel was quiet, with no outside noise. You would think we were alone in the hotel.We walked quite a bit, and the concierge staff was quick with suggestions and directions. We also took a ride one afternoon in one of the antique Cadillacs, which was a nice treat.I would return to the Suites at 1 King West in a heartbeat. The location was a few blocks from the Rodgers Centre and two blocks away from a busy retail/shopping area that the girls had a blast in.Overall, if I could give this hotel more than 5 stars, I would. I can't remember any names of the staff in particular, but each and every one of them seemed to be dedicated to ensuring that my family had the best possible experience.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JWFS
<Content>Great value! I do not think that this hotel can be beaten on price and location. Rooms were fine, the bed was excellent and fixtures very useful. I agree that the concierge service was inconsistent, although I found the staff generally very pleasant. Unusually for a hotel the bar was also very reasonable. Would have given it five stars for value alone but my wife hated it!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SarahJaneJohnson
<Content>Excellent choice! In short cant find anything to fault the Suites on. From the minute we entered the hotel it was plain sailing. Reception check in was quick and efficient, hotel itself is spotless (as expected) and the rooms are extremely well appointed. We had a studio suite, included full kitchenette as per hotel website, and the best air con sytem a great bonus for the humid summer weather. ALL staff were very helpful, friendly and its location, right in the middle of the financial district, is a stones throw from the CN Tower/Rogers Centre etc. But its the little things that made this hotel a great find. We checked in the night before a birthday celebration, and ordered special breakfast for the next morning. this was duly delivered, with choc strawberrys!, and a note wishing Happy Birthday and breakfast was with compliments! It was a very nice touch and this sort of gesture goes a long way. The hotel also as a great car service, Bentley, Rolls Royce, Cadillacs for guests use local..another little nice touch. All in all we had a great time in Toronto, and would highly recommend the Suites, and indeed would definately stay there again. Ask for suite on the higher floor if possible..great views.!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjohnan
<Content>Stay here - you'll love it! We just returned home after spending 3 nights at the Suites at 1 King West in Toronto. The rooms were great and the feature of having a washer and dryer in each room is very unique. We were pampered from the minute we arrived until the minute we left. Our only regret is we only stayed 3 nights. Toronto is a fun city and we felt very safe walking around in the downtown area at night. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Toronto!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LyleK
<Content>Nice Location  We reserved 2 rooms at the bargain price of $CAN 129 per room per night thru a travel agent. We requested that 1 room have twin beds so the teenagers didn't have to share. Before arriving, I found out that the smaller rooms only have 1 King bed and no room for a rollaway. After e-mailing the hotel, they gratiously upgraded a room to include a foldout couch at no charge.Check-in took away, perhaps because of the prearranged upgrade. Rooms were nice, 8th floor, but in the old building with no view. Great location, near food, shopping, banking, subway.Some exterior and interior construction detracts from the building apperance but doesn't effect any functional areas.Arranged for a comp. hotel limo (Bentley) ride to the CN tower for dinner. Worked great. The driver offered to return to pick us up, but it was a nice night and we just walked back.More desk confusion at checkout. We asked ahead of time to keep one room for a late checkout and they agreed. Message never made it intact to housekeeping and supervisor staff as they alternately tried to clean the rooms thinking we were staying another night or knocking asking us when we were leaving. But nice and courteous every time.We'd stay again, especially after construction is done and if a great rate is available.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>BritGuyanese
<Content>Good Experience Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel. Overall, we were very pleased with our choice of hotel.Positive points:. The rooms were large, modern and clean. . The lobby was busy. The gym was nice for a hotel. Complimentaty limousine service a nice touch. Good location, near to Eaton Centre, Financial  Entertainment Districts and EsplanadeNegative points:. Check in staff were rude. Concierge were unhelpful and lacked basic knowledge of the city (except for Miles the concierge manager who met on our last day - he was exceptionally good).All in all we were very pleased with our choice of hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>antiquetravel
<Content>Great Hotel--Great Location My college age daughter and I took a mother/daughter long weekend (July 26-30, 2006) In Toronto and after much research, I decided we'd stay at the Suites at 1 King West. It was a good decision--the hotel is totally non-smoking, is in downtown Toronto, sits right on top of the King Street subway station, and is in a renovated, 44 story bank building. The views are spectacular, the fitness center is excellent and free to guests, everything was spotlessly clean and the maid service was efficient and well-done. We checked in quite late on the first night due to our late plane arrival and I jokingly mentioned that I was not sure how well my daughter and I would sleep together even in a king-size bed. The night manager immediately offered to upgrade our room to a one-bedroom suite with the hotel's compliments. Of course, we took him up on his offer and we stayed in a 37th floor suite with two rooms. We each had our own bed, mini kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, sink, washer, dryer and dishwasher plus utensils, china, glasses, etc. It was very comfortable, the beds and pillows were great. Even though there were other guests in the rooms on our hallway, it was totally quiet and we were never disturbed by outside noise from the halls or adjoining rooms. The hotel maintains a collection of vintage cars and if you request it, they will transport you at no cost to places in the downtown area. The drivers do appreciate gratuities, however. One night we were taken to the theater in a Bentley. Local calls and 800 calls are free from room phones and internet connections are also provided. You never have to go outside to reach the subway, but only have to walk down the marble staircase in the lobby, past the bank's original vault and take the hallway that leads to the subway. The hallway takes you right into the PATH system which is Toronto's 17 miles of underground shopping and services. Overall an excellent hotel and I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welikenicehotels
<Content>It was Okay I would give it a little more than 3.5 stars but not 4. Maybe I didn't like the room layout. I didn't feel that it was as functional as it was nice. I stayed with my husband and it felt dimly lit and the bathroom was really small. There's also no hooks to hang up towels and no shelving in the shower to put your shampoo and stuff on. We ordered internet service (their corporate package) but couldn't find the internet cable. We called the front desk and they told us where it should be...we still couldn't find it. They sent someone to help and he said that the room didn't have one...oh well...but he said that we could probably request to switch rooms. We only stayed 2 nights so we didn't bother. It is very conveniently located...but I would probably choose the Soho Metropolitan next time. Also...the limo service is limited...we wanted to get to a friend's place downtown and it's a 5-minute drive but it was outside of the limo's desination areas...so we didn't get to use that service. Also, you have to book it in advance. I read that some people were offered the service when they asked how to get somewhere...we wanted to go for some dimsum and they got us cab.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Louth_Tourist
<Content>Best all rounder, can't be beaten The Suites at 1 King West are in a perfect location for doing Toronto by foot. Close to all the main tourist attractions and shopping, there is something for everyone. Of course, you do have to walk, and yes you will be tired!The rooms were very clean, equiped with everthing we needed. The fridge is the best! Washer, Dryer, Microwave, DVD, TV.... you could live here if you wanted!The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. The vintage cars are brill, we got a ride, must be booked in advance though.Didn't bother checking out the pool, can't swim! We were on the 20th floor and the view was brilliant. Wouldn't be too bothered with the windows that opened, because there was too much noise outsidewhen opened!I believe you will not get anything as good as here. We stayed a week and even on the last day we were still finding new shops etc. The PATH system is unbelieveable, an underground maze of shops  restaurants can be accessed from the basement of the hotel (follow the steps down toward the old vault!To sum it up, extreme value for money at $129 per night!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>budsfan
<Content>One King A OK with us Stayed here two nights at the end of June and the hotel had everything we needed and more. The location is great - half a block to the Hockey Hall of Fame and easy walking to the Theatre District and Rogers Centre. We were able to book a $129./night studio which is an exceptional value for downtown TO. There's not another hotel that can match that for sure. So perhaps there a limited rooms at that price so that's why some folks couldn't get one. We booked early though.It was very nice with amenities a fridge and stuff we never used like dishwasher and washer/dryer set. There are tons of restaurants in the neighbourhood, for breakfast try Richtree in BCE place. It's all fresh food made to order right in front of you and just around the corner was a sports bar called the Bottom Line that had excellent food.I kind of laugh when I hear some folks negative comments like the ones about the windows. Like how many of us go to a hotel to sit and look out the window. It's mostly to sleep while your visiting. If there's a drawback it is there is no pool so if you had small ones that would be a disappointment.I found the staff really nice, doors opened for you and if you want a free ride in the downtown in one of their vintage cars.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>joannnet
<Content>Great location, spotty service Well, based on reviews from this site, my husband and I spent 4 nights here (July 18-21). The location couldn't be better-right in the heart of the financial district, walking distance to everything (CN Tower, theaters, good restaurants, Rogers Center). The amenities were also good, as we enjoyed the sauna and whirlpool most days.Staff, however, are earnest yet ultimately unhelpful. Our first night, for example, we had tickets to a show at Second City, and asked the concierge to recommend and make reservations at a nice restaurant nearby. The hotel's car deposited us about 3 blocks from the theater at a great Italian restaurant that turned out not to even exist! (We later called the number on the business card we were given, and there was no connection). Luckily, we happened upon a terrific oyster house on the way to the theater, and had a lovely evening despite the hotel's blunder.Also, although we stayed 4 nights, our room was only serviced once, and that only happened because I stopped at the front desk as we went out for the evening and asked that someone clean the room while we were away. We left the room each day around 10 am and returned between 3 and 4, and every day, found that no maid service had been provided. On Friday, I went down to the sauna around 3:30, then to the whirlpool, and found the water ice cold. When I got back to my room, I called the desk and reported the problem at the spa. 5 minutes later, someone appeared at our door to repair the whirlpool in our room! What, the staff doesn't know that none of their guest rooms have whirlpools??!!Finally, potential guests should know that there is a $25 charge each time you have your car brought from the garage (something they don't tell you at check-in). All-in-all, the price and location are fine, but service is sub par.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>northstartravels
<Content>Super Value We paid less than $100US for a room in a luxury hotel in the center of DT Toronto. If you can get in on the less expensive rates at this hotel, snap it up, as it is an extraordinary bargain. The room we had was fairly large with a small view of the lake from the desk in the corner. Very tasteful decor-- think Restoration Hardware furnishings for those who are familiar...great kitchen facilities, too. The bed was a dream. Out the door and three steps is the King subway stop and everything DT is in walking distance.On the other hand, i agree with those who say the hotel is learning. I paid $5 a day for high-speed internet and unlimited calling in N America (I don't like getting nickeled and dimed at hotels, but this was a reasonable price for the package). The high-speed internet never worked. The very nice young man who came to fix it put a hole in the wall moving a heavy armoire to get at the connection. And that is when we discovered the thermostat that we couldn't find to turn down the air conditioning. The curtain out to the lake view was stuck and hard to move to and fro. I found the staff very attentive and enthusiastic, but there were a lot of little things that a more mature hotel would have worked out. All of this is small potatoes when you pay Comfort Inn prices for a beautiful luxury hotel.Drivers Note. Parking is $25 a day. If you are staying only a day or maybe two, or if you need access to your car while you stay, that is market rate for right around the hotel. If youare staying several days and plan to leave your car alone, and you don't mind hauling luggage a few blocks, you can get $13 a day or so for parking down on Front Street. Prentiss CoxMinneapolis-St Paul  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarcieHatter
<Content>Almost perfect Would have given this place 5 stars if they hadn't booked us into a bad room first! We'd requested a room on a high floor (seems they've sold all the rooms in the tower now) so the highest they could give us was on the 15th floor. The room itself was fine apart from a large window in the ceiling that had no kind of blind or curtain - I could just imagine how bright it would have been at 4am in the morning! Plus the room had a balcony with a view of the bay - however, all the panels outside that separated the balconies were broken - you could see that workmen were still working on the property as there were power tools left out on the end balcony.Anyway, we were moved to another room without any fuss, this room was on the 11th floor of the old bank building and was much the same, but with curtains! The windows were old wooden sash ones so didn't keep out the traffic noise that well, but overall we had a good stay here. The washer/drier in the room is fantastic, bed very comfortable and the hotel is in a great location. I would recommend staying here if you can get the $129 deal - we booked a couple of months in advance via their own website.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't live up to its promise I visited Toronto at the end of June and stayed at 1 King West ( as I understood it was in the heart of downtown Toronto) The place seemed quite large and attractive. It would have been all that if the service matched the decor!!!! I don't know where a hotel could justify having a team of such unhelpful and careeless staff. From the valet to the front desk there was barely any greeting from any of them and I felt like they were doing me a favor by allowing me to stay in their hotel establishment! Well let me promise you this 1 king west..... The next time I come to Toronto I will not be staying there. It wasn't pleasant at all. And I am certain that My experince will be duplicated to many others who chose 1 King west over the many other hotels in T.O  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel/location I stayed here for 2 nights and got a good rate on-line. You can take the Airport Express bus to and from the airport which stops at the Fairmont York Hotel which is about 4 blocks from the King West Hotel.  The room was clean, the staff friendly/efficient and it's right on Yonge Street. The AC worked fine, water pressure in the shower was great. I stayed on the 9th floor in a studio suite. Also there's a little gym on the 17th floor with cardio machines, some free weights,separate hot pools and saunas for men/women.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iamit
<Content>Scammed!!!! Hotel's website Indicates a $129 rate, but found out that this is just a bait and switch and that this rate is rarely available and if it is it is for a room that does not have real windows looking ouside (looks into a indoor courtyard!). Booked through Expedia instead and based on the reviews thought that it would be great find. Although the room had a nice new feel alot of the hotel appears to be under construction in areas and reminded me of some of the seedy hotels in Manhattan that you stay in because they offer better prices than the chains. Fair warning this hotel is not up to the standards of these other suspect reviews, it makes you wonder who is writing them.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not luxury but good value This hotel is a very good deal. The rooms are large with a kitchenette. And more importantly, the price is right. While the location is good and the rooms are nice, the common areas are so-so, making it look more like a Holiday Inn (although the rooms are much better than the Holiday Inn). The lobby is tiny. Dining room is tiny with limited food choice. The elevators are incredibly slow! Only three working elevators for 51 floors and you have to share them with the hotel staff (employess, maids and their big carts, the room service delivery, construction workers with their tools and 2 by 4s, etc....) not great really. The result of all this traffic is that you already see a lot of wear and tear on the ground floor even though this place is brand new.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Slow-travel
<Content>What a great addition to downtown! Thanks to everyone who posted reviews and brought this hotel to our attention. We were stunned by the room size, great staff, and the price.First of all, the lobby is crowded and we were there during Gay Pride Week, which is a busy tourist time in Toronto, so there was a line-up for check-in, making it difficult to get around the lobby. Someone from the bellhop desk came and pulled us out of line and checked us in, apologizing profusely for the wait and also for the fact that he couldn't do keys there and would have to pop over to the front desk for a minute. When he saw that I was having problems pulling my luggage through the crowded lobby, he accompanied us upstairs.The room.... beautiful size, with dishwasher, stovetop, fridge, and washer/dryer combo neatly tucked away. Two big closets and a series of coathooks by the front door, too. Where was this place when my kids were little? The bathroom was an odd shape, but had lots of counter space. The view was fantastic, with floor to ceiling windows. The beds were comfy, with high end linens. The windows open and the lake breeze was quite nice, but traffic noise carried up even to the 10th floor. I will warn, though, that the people in the next room were complaining to us while on the elevator about their room and view. We paid the bottom online rate, so don't know what they paid.The location... can't say enough about this. Right downtown but without the price of the King Eddy and Royal York. I was so sorry that we were only going to an event two blocks away so we couldn't take advantage of the limo service. Oh, and take a minute to go down those stairs in the middle of the lobby to check out the vault (this was originally an historic bank building) and the story of how it was installed many years ago. All in all my only regret is that we weren't staying there for more than a night. What a perfect place for an extended stay!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toela
<Content>Ditto Great Place I hate to even say how great this place is, don't want to let the secret out, but I guess others should enjoy it too! The place is sparkling clean, the staff super friendly and professional. The lobby is hugh with lots of special seating nooks, but the best part are the suites. We were only staying two nights so we only had a junior suite, which was hugh and beautifully decorated. The bathroom had a sperate tub and ceramic shower,we had a kitchenette, but only used the fridge, no cooking for me on vacation? King bed, nice desk and sitting area and best of all, ALL THIS, for the price of a regular hotel room, we paid $109.00 + tax, at hotels plus $25.00 parking. We didn't use the free antique car service, although they were quick to offer it, but the hotel is so close to everything we perfered to walk. Just down the street on Yonge St, going towards the water is a really great eating spot called Richtree Market, you enter through the mall, Its got everything! They give you a credit card and you pick what ever you want from any food station and just pay for it at the end, the prices are really reasonable, and the food is great, the service was superb, and the decore is upbeat! We ate almost every meal here for two days. Toronto is a safe fun city and I can't wait to go back! Happy Travels  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jvb_7
<Content>Cat's meow! My partner  I stayed in this hotel for a special birthday weekend for her. Although Toronto in the summer is always a fabulous place to be, knowing this hotel was our home just made it even more special. The staff went out of their way to be friendly, helpful, and kind. The lobby/bar is a nice place to hang out while you wait for a room or a friend, and it has free wireless access. The hotel is beautiful, clean, and in a perfect location for access to the islands  most places in the city. We rode our bikes everywhere from this hotel and had no problems at all. I can't wait to return--next time based on these reviews I'll have to try the lap pool and the room service!! The kitchenette made it convenient to store a few beverages/fruit. The hotel offers dishsoap/laundrysoap for a small fee. The bed is very comfortable and the view from our room was fantastic!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ottawagirl33
<Content>Fantastic One King West Suites surprised me from the moment I walked in the lobby. It's not your usual lobby hotel. The staff is very friendly and outgoing, the food is great and the in-room dining option is a great value for when you don't feel like leaving your room since the prices were fantastic. The views were spectacular and the rooms impeccably clean, the decor was great and every necessity including cutlery and bowls were present in the kitchenette. The only negatives were the elevators (they were extremely slow and had to wait almost 10 minutes for an elevator on the 25th floor), and the bathrooms were very poorly laid out. I would definitely stay there on my next trip to Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CYBNewYork
<Content>Great Value and Comfort! Stayed for weekend with my wife, suite was well-designed, comfortable, and clean. Service was responsive and knowledgeable- consigliere gave great restaurant recommendations within walking distance. Exercise area was small, but modernly equipped for a quick workout or run. Location was terrific for all downtown attractions- 7-9 blocks from Rogers Centre + CN Tower. Only drawbacks were that arriving at the hotel can be both difficult to find -as the entrance is at the rear, and hurried as the valet parking is concerned about keeping the street unblocked by arriving guests. All things considered, the valet parking with in and out privileges is a great value at $25/day in downtown Toronto. Overall, a great stay and will return!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller8360
<Content>Excellent Hotel with a few limitations This was a perfect hotel for our small family (one child) in downtown Toronto. The fitness room, sauna and lap pool were perfect. The in-room amenities were very good. However, be warned that the full kitchenette is not a full kitchenette. There is not stove or oven. There is only a microwave. There is a dishwasher and a washer/dryer however.The view was marvelous, but the best thing about the hotel were the location and the friendly/helpful staff.Would recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>volta25
<Content>Fancy hotel without the fancy attitude My husband and I stayed at this hotel for just under a week and really enjoyed our stay. We took the airport shuttle bus and although the bus doesn't stop at the hotel, the driver will stop as close as he/she can depending on traffic. We walked two short blocks with a rolling suit case.The staff at the front desk are very professional and helpful. One morning we asked the concierge for directions and he printed out a map and told us the fastest way to get there. We could have walked but we were tired and decided to take a cab. Be careful when taking a cab to an unknown location and make sure you get directions before you go. We wanted to get to a place that the concierge told us was a 5-minute drive and the taxi driver told us it would be 30-minutes outside of Toronto. We told the driver that we knew where we were headed and it was close but he insisted that it was out of town. Once he found out we were Canadians he told us he was joking with us and we arrived at our location in 5-minutes. We're not sure if it was because we were Canadian that he played this joke but if you are travelling from out of country and don't know where you're headed make sure you map out your plans before taking a taxi.The room is really nice with a comfortable bed, plush towels, and modern decor. Our room had a washing machine, a dryer, a fridge, a microwave, a toaster, a coffee maker, a kettle, and even a dishwasher! The room was clean and classy. We ordered room service one night and the prices weren't as ridiculous as most hotels. A sandwich and fries cost about $10.00 and beer was $4.25.The pool is very small. It looked like the kind where you set a dial for a current and swim laps. There is a sauna and a whirlpool as well as a fitness room with a number of machines. All these areas were clean.There is a train station right across the street from the hotel too so getting around is a breeze. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel took care of every need when I proposed to my girlfriend This hotel is amazing! I called around numerous hotels in Toronto looking for someone to assist me as I prepared to propose to my girlfriend. Maritza Parra was more than willing to meet all of our needs. She upgraded our room to a loft suite, and even made all the preparations with the chef for a fantastic dinner.While we visited the CN Tower, her staff filled our room with candles, rose petals, and champagne. My fiance was very surprised and it made for a perfect evening. The food was excellent and relatively inexpensive compared to most room service meals.The best touch is the classic cars that will drive you anywhere you want while you stay. The idea of riding to the CN Tower in a limo, and then being picked up in a Rolls Royce is still mind-boggling.The only downside of this hotel as that it was still under contruction during our stay. However, I look forward to going back now that it's complete. Especially since they gave us a free night as an engagement gift!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, no complaints! Anyone who complains about this hotel has got to be VERY hard to please! This hotel is new, modern, clean and extremely good value. I got a superb deal with expedia for 拢48 per night although I know that the price has gone up since. Upon arrival i was a bit skeptical because although the hotel started with good reviews, i started reading some bad ones, well there was absolutely nothing to worry about. LOCATION - excellent and the subway which is opposite goes anywhere you want to go in minutes. ROOMS - very simplistic, lovely modern furnishings, very clean - the kitchen utensils hadn't even been used and there was plenty of storage space for your belongings. We had a room on the 44th floor and believe me the view was fantastic , beautiful view of the city and lake ontario, it was lovely waking up to that view each day. The reception staff were friendly although i was given some wrong information concerning the credit card deposit from one member of staff, it wasn't a big deal but it was something very basic which they should've known. Didn't waste any money on room service, i find that it is extortionate in any hotel you go and they always expect huge tips so can't cooment on that. Also the elevator is very fast and efficient, house keeping was good, it was daily and the complimentary newspapers delivered to the room each morning is a nce touch. Also the floors are quiet i actually didn't encounter any neighbours during my stay which is good unlike the sheraton where its just too busy and noisy. Fire alarm did go off and it was loud but i found it quite funny, wasn't a problem whenever i am in toronto the only place i will stay is at the suites.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>keenerkids
<Content>Was very posh, thoroughly enjoyed it. Very hard find on King Street. It's not exactly a grand hotel entrance. Once you are inside, the lobby is quite small, but the suites make up for everything. The room was perfect, everything was in it. Decor was the most up to date, and modern. Towels are thick and plush. Carpet impeccably clean.Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fillipo
<Content>$129 ! The intro rate of $129 is a joke. Grab it while you can. Where in North America can you get a suite, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, washer and dryer?Walking distance to everywhere, including Spadina Chinatown, where we brought back some great Chinese food that we threw in the microwave.There were a few very small glitches, but when you factor in the price, they were a non issue.Anyone complaining about this place does not appreciate value.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brendan8
<Content>WOW, should be 6 stars!!! My family and I stayed at the Suits at One King West, and it was one of the best hotels stays ever. When we got there while we were checking in the manager came over and upgraded us to a suit overlooking the Toronto Harbour. The room was very large and luxurious. Later that night we asked about directions to a restaurant and they offered to drive us there. The car they pulled us was not a normal car, but a 1960 restored Cadillac. The service and facilities are unparallel to anything you would ever find in Toronto.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trackser
<Content>There, but not quite I would like to give this place a 5 because it was an astounding price for the location and the class, EXCEPT the A/C did not work in our room. We had no problem with check-in (but we had a bit of trouble finding the entrance - driving along busy downtown streets, we found the King  Yonge intersection but had to call via cell to figure out where to enter because nothing is marked hotel, 1 King West, etc.) and no trouble with amenities, guest services and such. On the elevator, another guest mentioned something about his room being 78 degrees, while others in the car said their A/C was fine. On getting to our room, it was 76 though it had been turned down for several hours. We got quick response to our call for maintenance, and the first night, a guy actually seemed to fix it. It cooled off a little, we slept fine and it was 72 the next morning. The weather got much hotter that day and the next night they weren't able to get the room cooled, though it was cool as a cucumber out in the hallway. In retrospect we should've moved to another room when they offered it the 1st night. Other than that, the room was great. The view was so phenomenal, we didn't even ride up the CN Tower during our rambles. We did take a complimentary ride to dinner in one of the hotel's classic cars. We also used the small washer  dryer in the room, which helped a lot as we were at the end of our vacation and running out of fresh clothes. Bed was very good but the bathroom was right next to it. Of course the location was great, every street you go down in Toronto is full of activity. Would certainly go back, especially given the rate, but I expect it will go up soon. This is a newly-built high rise hotel and they also market it as business suites for longer-term customers. A bit of a unique approach. The hotel bar is good, and reasonably priced. Their restaurant just opened a day before we got there, but had not yet got a liquor licence. Just make sure you get a climate-controlled room, and ask to move if you don't as they are very accommodating.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mandeeuk
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! I stayed at this hotel during the recent International Trademark Association convention in Toronto. I expect the hotel was near capacity due to the convention, but the service did not falter. Everyone was extremely friendly and the location was excellent. It was a short walk to Eaton Centre and to the Convention Centre. The room was extremely comfortable and clean with excellent amenities including a washer/dryer and microwave. The bathroom was quite small, but acceptable. I ordered room service on a couple of occasions and it was prompt and good. The windows in the guestrooms open which is a serious bonus in any hotel.The concierge and bar staff in particular were extremely helpful and pleasant. The bar staff went out of their way to make sure I was happy and gave great recommendations for dinner and drinks as well as making a very good cosmo! I used the big, stylish housecar at the concierge's insistence and thought it was a really cool touch. I also made use of the steam room and jacuzzi and absolutely loved it. All in all, I thought this was an amazing hotel both aesthetically and service wise. I would not hesitate to recommend it or to stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mayaluvr
<Content>Very Happy with this place       View from the 42nd floor  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sheraprincessofpowa
<Content>Nice...but with some major glitches This hotel is definitely still ironing out some kinks - a bit too green to be competition for the other hotels of equal class in the area.Check-in went smoothly, I asked for a high room with a view and was put in 4012. Beautiful view - request this room. It overlooked the three tallest office towers in Toronto, in the heart of the financial district, along with a great view of Lake Ontario. The room was nice but the only window (it opened) was at the opposite end of the room to where the bed was, so forget about fresh air while sleeping. Good news - in this room the internet connection is NOT behind the bed, but rather at the desk, which worked out quite well. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath, great supply of hot water in the morning.It's a good hotel location, close to shopping, the subway and restaurants. But since it's in the heart of the financial district, things close early. The internet cafe across the street was only opened until 5. If you don't have a laptop and need the internet cafe, you make a min purchase of $3.00 and get complimentary computer and internet for one hour. The drug store across the street closed t 6 pm on a Sunday.One thing that was very inconsistent however, was the service. One morning I phoned room service to tell them I did not have a menu in my room and I think I woke the person up. He absentmindedly started mumbling 'oh I guess I should bring one up'...and proceeced to hang up the phone. Each morning I asked to make sure they put NO meat on my plate and each morning, I got bacon. Never received a spoon for my coffee, and there was no salt and pepper. Another interesting 'service' issue - I noticed on one occasion that the maid did not change my sheets, although they did clean my room. The bed was quite comfortable - Not a Heavenly bed or Sleeper, but of good quality with nice linens. It had a microwave, fridge, washer/dryer, small table and desk and was quite large for a hotel room. It was obviously a new room, which was nice.The bar/restaurant was unusually inexpensive for a hotel - $8.00 for a glass of wine and $6.00 for a rum and coke. I guess they're using low prices at the bar/restaurant as more incentive for people to stay there.the room was clean. There were a few menu items - certainly not TONS to choose from. But the Chicken Stir Fry was delicious.As far as the fitness center, it's quite nice. There are two separate hot tubs, one is connected to the cardio room. Which could make a workout uncomfortable - to work up a sweat in a room with a high temperature due to the proximity of the hot tub. The cardio equipment is beautiful - state of the art with personalized tv screens on each piece.One evening I was heading out to an event a few blocks away, and the valet offered to chauffeur me in their vintage 1961 Cadillac. Probably got 4 miles per gallon...glad it was only a few blocks away.I'm on the fence about this place...liked some things quite a bit but was pained by some very big glitches.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Ritz!! I had problems the moment I stepped foot in this hotel at the front desk!! I had made a reservation months ago at a rate of $179/night for 2 nights. However, the front desk person informed me our rate was $299/night. She said it was impossible that my rate was the one quoted to me months ago. Fortunately, I had in my possession the confirmation that had been emailed to me for $179. Upon arriving in our room, we discovered 2 light bulbs(one of which was a very important one in the bathroom) were burnt out and that the air conditioning was not functioning properly. We immediately contacted the front desk and were informed someone would be to our room shortly to fix the problems. Since we were leaving for dinner, we assumed the problems would be fixed by the time we arrived back in our room later that night. Well, that was not the case. Called the front desk again but, guess what, again no one showed up! By the way, the windows they advertise on their web site as opening, really don't!! It only got worse the next morning. In addition to not having air conditioning, no light in the bathroom, we now had NO HOT WATER for showers!! Called the front desk a third time, FINALLY someone showed up after a short wait. He did change the light bulbs, reset the air conditioner but said nothing could be done about the hot water!! He said everyone was complaining. The A/C worked for a while, but every time it would shut off, we would have to push the reset button!! The following morning around 6am the fire alarms starting going off. Scared us to death, and given our nervousness regarding the general operations of this hotel, you better believe we evacuated our 10th floor room pronto down the fire escape steps!! Fortunately it was a false alarm. The explanation was that dust was accumulating on the top of one of the elevators and it was an environmental alarm/hazard??!! The only high point of the stay was the fact that we were comped one night for our many inconveniences. Even after that, I still felt we paid too much!!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>reddyn
<Content>Lovely Stay I just returned after a four day stay in Toronto with my husband. Frankly, I had wanted to stay in a boutique hotel, i.e. Hotel Le Germain, but because of the many conferences in town made a last minute decision to stay at King's West. My choice to stay here was based on the price and location and the reasonable reviews that it's had on trip advisor. It was better than I had hoped. The rooms are not large but are well appointed. Also, the furnishings are clean and modern with a very nice color scheme. (nice linens, leather headboard) I especially liked the hidden washer and dryer which I used once during our stay. Other nice amenities include access to the vintage cars that give complementary rides wihin downtown, we used this service often. This hotel is non-smoking and as such does not have the musty smell that I tend to associate with hotels. It's extremely well located, we walked everywhere. I read the previous reviews, I was surprised to see that someone rated the hotel with one star. I will say that there must be construction going on somewhere in the hotel as we frequently saw construction workers coming and going on the elevators, but that was our only exposure. I never heard any noise related to construction. In general, I thought this was an excellent find.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Divasmother
<Content>I was impressed! My daughter and I returned last night from a 2 day stay in Toronto. I happened on 1 King Suites by chance, looking at Tripadvisor and going down the list of hotels, without finding a room due to a large conference in the city. By some chance there was a room available at 1 King Suites for $129.00 per night. I snapped it up as other hotels that I made inquiries to had sold out, or, had 1 room left for over $800.00 a night. I had no idea where this hotel was, what to expect. What we found upon arrival was nothing less than Fabulous. Our room was a tad small for two woman...one being a 17 year old girl...need I say more. It would have been perfect for myself and my husband (as he doesn't pack as much). The hotel is brand new, just opening August 05. We had a King bed with down duvet, a desk area,(internet and unlimited long distance can be purchased in a package for $4.99 per day) a large armoire with closet, tv and dvd player (there are complimentary dvds at the front desk), in an extension of the room there is a good sized bar sink area with black granite countertop, mirrored back splash, a bar fridge, electric tea kettle, coffee maker, toaster, and microwave...under are cabinets with a hidden washer and dryer, and dishwasher. The bathroom was a bit small, with a walk in shower only, with those dreadful shower curtains that cling to you as you shower (my pet peeve). But all said, it was lovely, quiet and very clean. The service was excellent. The restaurant is the only thing that is not yet complete, but we did not mind. There are many restaurants in the area. With all that we experienced I am sure the restaurant will not disappoint once completed. I would definitely return again.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A long way to go before The Suites gives Howard Johnson鈥檚 any competition This is a new hotel that needs a lot of work. Perhaps soon it will be competition for Howard Johnson's. Until that time, I wouldn't recommend staying there unless you want to be insulted.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, fair price This is a nice hotel. Great location, nice and clean rooms and a good price. I stayed in this hotel for one night. I had low expectations because it's much cheaper than all other hotel downtown Toronto.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cheezy
<Content>I want to go back!! Such a nice hotel. We found ourselves in Toronto on a spur-of-the-moment drive after a wedding in Hamilton. I used the hotel's internet (in Hamilton) to pop onto a travel site and got a suite in this beautiful hotel for such a steal!! The sheets are like buttercream, the room is classic and modern, the staff went above and beyond, (and we felt seriously underdressed at check in, but they didn't look down thy noses!)I would go back in an instant. They have these old vintage cars in front, with 1King on the license plates, I asked about them (cool old caddy) and on the way out we found out we could have gotten a lift somewhere in one of them. BUMMER! I would have loved to do that, found out too late.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent! I have just returned from a trip to Toronto, Canada. My husband and I stayed at the Suites at 1 King West and it was our favorite hotel in the city (and we stayed at a few). The price was reasonable compared to other hotels but the studio suite had a kitchenette that also included a washer and dryer. We were able to have internet access in our room as well for a very modest fee. The hotel is ideally situated in downtown Toronto and everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. If you are going to Toronto, we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomg60601
<Content>Overall Good, some negative points I like the hotel very much, but a few negatives were experienced. Positive first: New amenities, stand up shower, conveniently placed mirrors, great bed, hidden washer and dryer. Great pools and gym area very convenient. They will drive you around town in their Bentleys if your going out, plus the driver can get you into clubs (Ultra, West), I forgot his name already though. Some negatives: Food at the bar and roomservice seemed average, poor selection, salty burger. There is not a functioning restaurant though they are working on it and when done will look great. I had asked to be moved to a larger suite with a better view of the CN Tower, they could not accomodate me and didnt follow up on the following days to see if I would still like to move, why not make such requests a priority if at all possible? The suite itself I felt was small, I had stayed at the Hilton and Sheraton previously and had really really large rooms for under $80US. If you would like to try this place for $129Cn you wont have a bad experience but I think my favorite is still the Hilton, large rooms, great restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad I Shopped Around Originally booked a room at an older, more established luxury hotel at a reduced friends/family rate but still decided just to look around. Found the reviews on this hotel and decided to take the plunge. Best decision I could have made! Suite was one of the smaller ones but perfectly laid out and very nicely decorated. Loved the kitchenette and actually used the washer and dryer to do some laundry before I packed up to leave. It was within walking distance of many attractions and right on top of the subway entrance. I will definitely return and hopefully the restaurant will be up and running. The friends who dropped by were also very impressed both by the suite and by the price.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KVanCan
<Content>Highly Recommended- will stay there again Four colleagues and I stayed at this hotel during the week of April 3. We paid the rate currently published on the hotel's website ($129 CDN/night). The hotel is brand new. Each unit (300-600 sq foot suite) has a kitchenette (with microwave, washer, dryer and dishwasher), desk, sitting chair and king sized bed. Free local calls, and for $4.99 a day you get unlimited internet access and unlimited long distance phone calls. It is centrally located in the financial district (corner of King  Yonge Streets) and close to Union Station.Simply put, I have no complaints. This hotel offers 4+ star luxury and amenities for a 2-3 star price. On showing the room to my friends in Toronto, they were simply stunned by what I got for what I paid.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tobie
<Content>Great for travellers or business! Despite a few finishing touches being tended to, and training of staff still ongoing, this hotel was an absolutely great spot for an overnight stay and should appeal to a wide variety of clients.The rooms are well designed for longer stays with a microwave, dishwasher, washer and dryer, iron and board.....and a hairdryer (*if you look in the cupboard below the sink). The bathroom has a walk in shower and separate tub so the one sink vanity is somewhat small, but glass shelves add to the storage potential.As well, the bed was comfy (though not heavenly) and the glass desk/work area with 2 chairs, one an swivel leather desk chair, was good for our morning Starbucks fix...located right across the street. In our suite there was an electric fireplace, with a television on top, a glass fronted armoire for clothing (thank you for skinny mirrors!) and a lounge chair and ottoman. I forgot to ask for a higher floor so we were on the 8th, but besides the odd street noise, we found the suite quiet. There was a faint smell of paint in the morning at the elevators, but besides that, you wouldn't know there was any construction going on.The lobby is spacious and tastefully decorated, with two main entrances on opposite sides of the building for easy access to public transit right outside the door. We found all staff very friendly and helpful, but they are still training people and it's obvious from the previous review, they may not have all that worked out quite yet. But our experience was above average in that regard. We did make use of the courtesy cars and had a ride in a '72 Rolls to a restaurant in the Distillery District (Boiler House .....fantastic meal, great jazz) which was wonderful. We didn't visit the cafe on site and the restaurant is still under construction, but there is a room service menu and nearby eateries so that wasn't a problem. If you are looking for a more luxurious, spacious suite for a romantic getaway, this might not be the place for you. Otherwise I think it's a real find in downtown Toronto!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MaryTraveler2
<Content>Pleasant and convenient When we arrived for a three-day visit to Toronto, we were told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe suite. This was a pleasant, attractively decorated large room with a kitchen area which included not only a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker, but a dishwasher and a clothes washer and dryer.The location is excellent. We had come to attend the opera, and the hotel was only about two blocks from the Hummingbird Centre. The King Street subway station is just outside either door, or one can reach it via the extensive underground PATH. The staff were very pleasant and did their best to be helpful, although they were often busy and sometimes did not have the answers right at their fingertips. I have a few minor caveats: (1)If one takes the Toronto Airport Express from Pearson Airport, the stop nearest this hotel is at the Royal York, about four blocks away. (2) Our room had an easy chair with an ottoman which looked as though it would be comfortable. It was decorated with a double row of large nailheads along the sides and back of the chair, which bumped me in the head when I leaned back and made the chair uncomfortable for me. (I am short, and a taller person probably wouldn't be bothered. There were other places to sit.) (3) The booklet in the room describing the hotel's amenities, room service, etc. implied that if a guest needed information about airport bus schedules, where to rent a car, etc. all that guest had to do was to contact the front desk, using the speed dial on the phone. We didn't use the speed dial, but rather asked in person, and we did get the answers we needed, but we usually had to wait while the desk clerk or valet had to look things up and deal with other matters as well. We weren't in a big hurry, but our questions didn't seem very complicated.As I said, these were minor things. Our stay was pleasant, and we found the hotel comfortable and conveniently located.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Sales staff I was trying to book a block of rooms at this hotel for the guests of my wedding in September. After exchanging voicemail messages with the sales representative, I left 3 additional messages asking her to get back to me, and never heard a response. On my last message, I literally pleaded with her to return my call, and still heard nothing. For a new hotel that is trying to establish itself in the city, it's inexcuseable to completely ignore a customer that has the potential to book 25 rooms in the hotel. I have already begun spreading the word about the poor service at this hotel, and will continue to do so. It's a shame that they have now turned off potential customers without ever having them set foot in the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travellingmom95
<Content>Wow!! I recently booked a trip for my 10 yr old and myself to see a Leafs game my only dilemma was where to stay. I had originally booked with the delta chelsea but upon reading reviews on this site was a bit apprehesive. I read some of the things ppl wrote about 1 King West and decided I had to see for myself. ( I have also stayed at the Novotel and Courtyard Marriot downtown and must say, don't ever stay at the Novotel) WOW!! I am so glad I decided to stay here, first off the staff at 1 King West are awesome they were polite, friendly and very helpful. The rooms are beautiful and the view I had in 2305 was great. The location is fabulous there is a variety of resturants within a short walk as well as a grocery store and anything else you may think of. Even my son thought it was great. The only problem I had was that I had to leave! I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definatly stay again  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VegasCanuck
<Content>Brand New Hotel               More photos  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for our stay We spent 7 nights in a beautifully equipped suite on the 39th floor. The views were spectacular. The location of the hotel was ideal for our vacation as we could walk to and from Union Station in 10 minutes completely underground. Every one of the staff we had dealings with were extremely helpful and polite. We would certainly recommend this hotel and it would be our first choice if we were to stay in Toronto again in the future. We did not use the bar or restaurant during our stay so we cannot comment on those facilities. There is, however, a very wide choice of eating places around this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scoobyskidoo
<Content>Outstanding! My wife and I came from the UK and stayed here for 5 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Before we left I emailed the hotel and requested a high floor room and hypoallergenic bedding - both of which were quickly and politely arranged for me.The hotel itself is wonderful. It is still not finished but we found that the work being carried out was done as quietly as possible and in such a way to be very unobtrusive. To be honest we did not notice it at all.The view from our 34th floor studio suite was fantastic and the suite itself was very well equipped and comfortable. The complimentary internet access was a particular bonus.The location is excellent - in the heart of the financial district and next door to King subway station. The subway system in Toronto is very clean and very safe, even at night.I could carry on for ages, but suffice to say we had a wonderful time and would be hard pushed to find fault with this very high quality, yet very good value for money hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rro
<Content>Toronto's Best, no word of a lie Although I live in Toronto, I decided to live in a bit of luxury after a night on the town. The impressive lobby is richly decorated and conviently accessible. I entered through the PATH system, an 11km underground passage-way filled with stores and restaurants that connects all major buildings in downtown Toronto. Although there are only 4 elevators, you realize that the hotel is not as big as a 50 storey building seems. The very slender hotel only has about 10 suites per level. Also, upon exiting the elevators, windows let a west view shine through. The room that I had was uniquely shaped, with angled walls, which maximized light entry. There is a kitchenette which includes a washer and a seperate dryer. I don't know how valuable this is to people, but it certainly looks classy. The marble bathroom had a spacious shower instead of a bathtub (suited towards business travellers). The bed was huge, and the linens were top notch. Another perk for business personalities is the free in-room internet. It certainly left a good impression with me, and will come in handy next time around. Finally, the view (I was only on the 26 level, imagine the 40th) is spectacular. My west facing windows overlooked the lake, the CN Tower, and best of all the sunset. Best of all, the price is very reasonable and better than surrounding hotels. I can not wait until I stay there again, and hope that people will give it a try.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again Overall our experience at this hotel was great! The hotel is in a great location if you are looking to do some shopping downtown with the Eaton Center less than a five minute walk away and Yorkville a short cab ride away! The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. There are a few things to note however. When we checked in we asked if it was possible to get two double beds instead of a king and were informed that the hotel only has king beds. They did however have some suites with a king and a pullout available and therefore upgraded us for free! Another thing is that while the rooms are equiped with a fridge, sink, dishwasher, washer, dryer and microwave, there was no blowdryer in the room so you have to bring your own if you want one. We stayed on the 25th floor and the first night we were there it was very windy and as a result very noisy but that is no fault of the hotels. At that height other noise from the street was minimal.Overall it was a great experience and I would definantely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attentive Service, Lots of Potential   showReview(4324889, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service-rooms need more attention to detail   showReview(4252642, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful service   showReview(4249679, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a birth, an engagement and then a wedding   showReview(4228649, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glennaa11
<Content>Still under construction   showReview(4147576, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service       The bed...  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>london1000
<Content>Great but Warning - not yet finished!!!   showReview(3914360, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alison50000
<Content>Excellent Service!   showReview(3914043, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Toronto   showReview(3900831, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Counting Sheep   showReview(3757399, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kikie08
<Content>H么tel luxueux et incroyable !!!       Vue sur la tour CN (incredible !)  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fast perfekt   showReview(20552102, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tip Top, das Hotel   showReview(18526879, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kedef
<Content>Consilgliatissimo: se andate a Toronto scegliete questa soluzione!   showReview(15620109, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un s茅jour parfait   showReview(13974732, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11441915, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11441916, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BricedeParis
<Content>Excellent hotel chic r茅tro au centre de Toronto   showReview(7682559, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Paris03
<Content>Avis mitig茅 - Bien situ茅       Les deux b芒timents qui composent l'h么tel  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11374437, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eines der besten Hotels, in dem ich bisher gewohnt habe !   showReview(11346276, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das sch枚nste Hotel seit langem ( wir Reisen sehr viel)   showReview(11346275, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation   showReview(11346274, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel pratique et bien plac茅   showReview(11333534, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>increible!!!   showReview(5365776, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

