<Author>tpowell12
<Content>Enjoyable stay, decent price at InterContinental My room: Clean and tidy for the most part, but there was some dust in not very noticeable places (baseboards, etc). The balcony was nice, two chairs fit easily on the balcony. I'm on a diet, so the weight scale was a plus. The amenities are failrly standard, but I wish they had a mirror in the room itself. Wireless Internet is over $12/day, so I never bothered to use my laptop at the hotel.Check-In/Service: Check in wasn't a problem. Easy, quick, efficient. Maybe a little too efficient.Value: I'd never stayed in Century City before. The price was about what I expected given the location, but I think there might be better values around the area.Food: Never ate at the hotel, honestly. The nearby mall has a good selection, but you'll want a car to get there.Speaking of Parking: Valet. Not bad. $30 or so, pretty typical. I never had to wait long to get my car. I might not stay here if I didn't have a car.Reservation: I booked my room online several months in advance at the hotel website- http://intercontinentallosangeles.com/index.html. No problems there.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>travelchica
<Content>Great price for a good central location       View from the balcony  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>julj1
<Content>nice hotel....for business It's a nice hotel, but very business oriented. you'd think internet should be complimentary in this type if hotel, but it's not. also, parking was quite expensive (32$/day) location isn't bad, walking distance to rodeo drive. but not the best option for tourism.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrlDsguise
<Content>First Class Hotel - Felt Like Home Beautiful hotel, extremely friendly staff, would stay there again in a minute if I go back to LA. From the moment we arrived to the day we checked out we were treated well by the staff. Beautiful lobby, with nice bar and courtyard where you could relax and have a drink or something to eat. Upon checkin we were given a room that wasn't ready yet so they upgraded us to a large room with balcony overlooking the city with views of the mountains. Pool was very nice with a great view and had waiter service. You have to drive to get anywhere and there is no on-street parking near the hotel so bring plenty of small bills for the valet. Every time we returned we were welcomed home and we honestly felt like we were living there. Very convenient location if you drive since it in the middle of the Beverly Hills/Bel Air area and not too far from the beaches, Hollywood and the Sunset Strip.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RobertInExile
<Content>home away from home i had to be near beverly hills to attend to the death of a dear friend there, and having stayed in this wonderful hotel once before, had no question as to where i'd stay during this difficult time. i was not disappointed. to be able to return from my friend's home to such a lovely and welcoming hotel each day made this time somehow more tolerable. during my 7 night stay, i had not a single complaint or issue. lovely, quiet rooms. room service breakfasts were fast and delicious. valet parking service was light speed when called from the room. every staff member greets you with a smile, like you are welcome in their home. the Park Grill restaurant is terrific, and if you are adventurous and it is offered, just order chef vincent's special menu, and prepare to be dazzled by his imaginative preparations. this place is worth staying in-house for dining. i am most grateful to all staff with whom i came in contact. they make a huge difference in a property large enough that it could easily go impersonal. i truly look forward to a return stay!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sakio
<Content>What a fitness room! This place is quickly becoming one of my favorites in West LA. I stayed here for 4 nights in April and once again in July. I have to say the place was as good as I remember and better than 99% of the hotels in Los Angeles.The rooms are average for the price range, but is extremely clean. There is a flat screen in all the rooms with ample channels available (in HD, no less).The fitness room is very well furnished. 4 treadmills, 3 ellipticals, 5 bikes (2 standard and 3 reclining), plus pretty much all the weight machines available on the market. All the cardio equipment has an LCD TV built into it and they offer headphones right at the gym if you forgot yours. The room is very well lit (it faces the gorgeous pool), not like many of the hotels in their fluorescent glory.They also have a great spa that I would recommend.The restaurant is top notch for a hotel restaurant. They even offered me a $20 discount coupon when I checked in.If you may have noticed, I haven't said much about the surrounding. That's because Century City has so little to do. There is a mall about 5 blocks down the road, so it's not that bad, but other than that, you will need to drive for fun. If you have to do business in Century City or Hollywood, I would recommend this place.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hotelbuffFlorida
<Content>outstanding!!! WOW! We were truly happy with this hotel. Was somewhat unsure after reading some reviews on it's location, but truly did not find it to be off the beaten path. We were close to Beverly Hills and just a short drive to the tourist areas. First, this hotel is just beautiful. The pics do not do it justice. We checked in on the Amex package with a free upgrade. And it was a true upgrade. A junior suite!! We were traveling with our two boys, on our 6th night, so it made it nice to have our own room. The junior suite they gave us looked brand new as if it had never been used. We had a great view of the old Century City studios (now Fox). It was a nice view from the 15th floor! We had room service for breakfast and it was delicious. The boys ordered off the kids menu and the portions were huge. My husband said his breakfast was the best breakfast he remembered having in a long time. The rooms each have a Kourig coffee maker in them with Emeril's coffee which was especially good. They also had a nice coffee station located in the posh lobby (as early as 4:00am--time we had to leave for our flight) which really made it nice.The staff was very good--my only complaint was that I think that they must let their maid staff go home early because we waited a very long time to get the pull out couch made up for the boys. Bed was very comfortable but boys did not think the pull out was very comfortable at all. We dined for lunch in their hotel restaurant because we had a $100 credit. The waiter was nice and the food was very tasty---however it was overprice. We would not have normally paid $110 for lunch (which is what it came to) but we did have the credit. I do think that this hotel caters to the business man/woman traveler, so on the weekends this hotel is nice and quiet. We got a fantastic rate of only $220 per night, so it was well worth it.Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel and do feel you will enjoy it as well.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>traveler1844
<Content>A Great Hotel While we usually stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Century City, Los Angeles, we stayed three nights at the InterContinental Century City.What a lovely hotel.We were on the 8th floor overlooking 20th Century Fox back lot.The room was very spacious and bathroom was large with both a tub and shower. Didn't really mind paying the $30 per night for valet parking as the car was always there waiting when we came down to the lobby. Those valet guys really move quickly.Television was nice in the room, really comfortable beds and lovely bedding too.Will stay there again  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Athens85
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!       Room 2  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loui30
<Content>great price, great hotel Intercontinental Century City this was the first time I had used Priceline ... how could we go wrong with a 4-star in Beverly Hills? This hope turned out to be true ... the rooms were nice and large and the bedding and bath toiletries were very nice... I would definitely stay here again for that price... 150/night -- they do zap ya for parking per day (30) but not as bad as places we've stayed in S.F. We were visiting friends so did not eat there ---  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wapondi
<Content>Wonderful hotel We recently stayed at the Intercontinental for 2 nights. We booked through Priceline and paid $150 a night. Keep in mind though, that they charge you an additional $30 a day for valet parking (and there is no self-parking). Our room was gorgeous. We had three huge windows and a wrap-around balcony. The room was very tastefully decorated and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom is pretty big with a stand alone shower and separate bathtub. The exercise room is one of the nicer ones we've seen and the pool is just lovely. Everyone who worked there was very friendly. When you come back to the hotel for the day they say welcome back! We would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CYKL
<Content>Beautiful room in the middle of nowhere We had a lovely 2-bed room on the 10th floor, overlooking the Fox Studios. The beds, look to be narrower than a regular queen-sized bed. I had called in advance to request a baby crib, but it was not there upon arrival. However, when the crib did come, it came with a very nice set of Simple baby products.The beds, while small, were comfortable. And there was an iHome and a Kreug coffee machine. The bathroom had a separate bathtub and shower, and Elemis toiletries.We were 3 adults but the room seemed to be set up for 2 people as there were 2 sets of everything (cups, glasses, towels, etc). There was only 1 pair of room slippers, I had to call for more.The complimentary town car consisted of 1 Mercedes S-class limo. Our longest wait was 30 mins, shortest was immediate. It is allowed to bring you anywhere within a 1.5-mile distance of the hotel.The lobby was quiet and peaceful, which I appreciate.The staff were polite but I won't consider them friendly. Valet parking was $30 per day, and they charged me an extra day, which they quickly took back when I pointed out their mistake. They also charged me for internet access which I didn't use and an extra orange juice for breakfast, all of which were taken back with no questions asked, as soon as I pointed it out to them.All in all, I had a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>rovingfamilyman
<Content>Great business hotel I stayed at the InterContinental during a conference in late April. I was impressed with all aspects of the service from the reception (courteous and prompt), valet parking (extremely fast and helpful), concierge (very helpful) and housekeeping (thorough and unobtrusive). The restaurant was very good but service could be a bit spotty, The conference was at the nearby Hyatt. By the comments I received from my colleauges, the Intercontinental was definitely the better option. Thelocation allowed for easy access (by car) to the Beach (Santa Monica and Malibu), Beverley Hills, Mullholland and even Hollywood.The shopping mall at Avenue of the Stars and Santa Monica was also really handy for last minute gifts. I had a jog around the nearby golf course and thought that the area surrounding the course was really nice.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>njs4572
<Content>Great hotel Got an amazing price on hotwire for this hotel in century city. Beds and Pillows amazingly comfy. Gym not too overcrowded and really nice for hotel gym. Pool has these great cabanas - the only complaint was that it was a bit crowded. Wished I had time to go to the spa but was out and about too much.Really nice location and although valet always expensive in LA - you pay per day so can come and go as you please.Would definately stay here again!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Olofvilla
<Content>Pure Luxury       Bedroom room 1116  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GreatstayLa
<Content>Amazing stay at this hotel! Amazing hotel and service! Definitely a place I would return to with or without priceline! The service from the moment I arrived was helpful and very professional. The lobby was an amazingly elegant view with great views of the restaurant and bar. Once I got to my room , the view was amazing. Couches and room was amazing, beautiful decor beds were great! Furnishings and bathroom was very high end and felt just like home! Great large screen plasma screens in both bedroom and living room!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patty39
<Content>Pure luxury I stayed at the Intercontinental for 5 nights and wished I could have stayed longer. While it is true that you need a car to get around, that is true of almost any hotel you stay in while in Los Angeles! The location, in West L.A. offers great access to the Westwood, Beverly Hills, even Hollywood areas without having to be right next to a freeway. My room, a corner room, had a balcony and private patio with chaise lounge chairs and patio table. The huge LCD / HDTV was gorgeous and the IPod clock radio wasa nice plus as was the cutting edge coffee maker. No request was too much while I stayed at the hotel, including bringing in a rollaway bed for the one night one of my children stayed with me. The beds were dreamy with the best linens, pillows and covers you can imagine. From the valet to the concierge, everyone went way out of their way to accomodate my every request, always with a smile. I will definitely stay here again, even with the $ 30 valet parking charge. One more thing...because the hotel is right next to Fox Studios and their corporate building, Fox puts up many of their celebraties here. It was fun to start gaze in my own hotel lobby!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>started great but quickly went down hill I was scheduled to stay at this hotel for 2 nights for work. following a long weekend in Santa Monica.Check in was smooth- the valet were quite nice as my husband would only be with me a few hours so they did not charge us a full fee. The bell man was quite helpful and the room was gorgeous- I had a junior suite with two separate balconies. The room was clean but contained no toilet paper so i had to call for that.My husband and i enjoyed the pool- the water was very warm which was a treat. The bartender at the pool was not nice- he seemed quite annoyed when i was not sure what I wanted (no one else was waiting). The complimentary car stops running quite early even though they tell you it will run late- not a big deal but still....After the pool, there was a note in my room saying that the power would be out the following day for 2.5 hours during a critical time for me. i was attending a red carpet event and needed to get ready during that time. the manager on duty said they could get me into a GYM to get ready- UM NO that will not work for a hollywood red carpet event. my colleagues were able to get us out of the hotel for the second night which was great. i did sleep well and was impressed with the TV selection for the night I was there. i have to agree with a previous poster about details- there is not attention to them here.Lastly- check out was a nightmare- the desk clerk was VERY rude- she said they had charged me for both nights but would reimburse me for the second night but it took a lot of persistence to get that receipt showing my reimbursement. She seemed annoyed with me when I asked for that.while the rooms were nice and the pool was great, i will not be going back to this hotel anytime soon. Rude staff is not acceptable when I am a guest.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>A solid business hotel I stayed at this hotel for three nights while in LA. Overall the service was good, the rooms were clean and spacious and the location was great for business in the Century City, Hollywood, Bel Air or Hollywood locations.There are a few downsides to the hotel. The lighting in the bathrooms in horrible. Even with all the lights on the bathroom was really dark. Management tried to help by putting it wall-sized mirrors over the bathtub but it didn't help significantly. And who really wants to have a mirror in that location! Also, the bathtub was shallow -- if you like to relax in a soaking tub at the end of a busy day, this won't cut it. The towels were nice and fluffy with quality amenities.The spa was also a letdown. I walked down to see about a simple manicure. The women sitting at the desk promised me a call to confirm a time the next day. No call came....until 2:15pm the following day asking if I was running late. Huh? No-one ever called to confirm an appointment and they still tried to charge me. The room service food was good. They were quick with the delivery and the food was tasty and hot.The valet service was speedier than most and I never had to wait over 5 minutes for my car to be brought. That is a big plus for them!!!Overall, a solid business hotel but there are better spots close by that I prefer.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>israelifamily
<Content>not for families Booked through hotwire for a great rate.The hotel isn't fit for touristic families. Its clientele is buisiness people, rather than travelling families.The Hotel itself is outstanding  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MissDHappy
<Content>A Gorgeous Hotel!       The view from my balcony  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bukwaas
<Content>Great A bit overpriced for the $240 per night we paid (all-in), but overall a pretty swank place to stay. Rooms were clean, gym was kick-ass. Didn't get a chance to use the outdoor heated pool, but it looked nice (albeit a bit too shallow).Very same and clean area, although there isn't much to do in walking distance either. You're not far from West Hollywood, Bel Air, Beverly Hills, Santa Monica and Hollywood by car. Your only option is to valet park, which is a bit steep at $30 per day. But you get free in/out privileges.Breaktast is $20 each and limited in variety, so we ended up going elsewhere for a change of venue. Rooms are clean, but there's no fridge, and even the bottled water isn't complimentary.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>FLLtraveler
<Content>Excellent Very impressed! Recently renovated corner room #712 was very spacious and had excellent views north and west over the Fox backlot all the way to the Pacific. Everything was very well maintained and very clean. Service throught was refined, prompt and professional. Relatively convenient location (as long as you have a car or can use the hotel's compimentary car) is close to Beverly Hills  West Hollywood. We chose this area over Hollywood and after seeing Hollywood Blvd., we were very happy that we chose this location. Hollywood Blvd. still has a long way to go and is very touristy and still seedy. Hotel has complimentary Town Car drop off/pick up within 1.5 mile radius up until 10:00 PM. Spa area was great. Hotel is within walking distance of Westfield Century City mall, which was much nicer than the Beverly Center. Great selection of shops and nice restaurants in a pleasant outdoor setting. We did not eat at the hotel but had excellent dinners at Angelini Osteria, Angeli Caffe  Mastro's Steakhouse. I'm extremely fussy and I would not hesitate to stay here again for the right price.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>honka
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel during Christmas week and our stay was perfect.We found the staff very friendly and really helpful. The rooms where excellent the food was very nice.All I would say is that I would make sure you have a car if you are going to be using this hotel as it is a little out of the way, other than that I had a really nice stay and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carajano
<Content>Gorgeous hotel This hotel is very out of the way if you are not hiring a car. It is on a bus route to Santa Monica and offers a free car ride to Rodeo Drive but at night you need to get cabs everywhere.The hotel is gorgeous, lovely rooms, spa, pool and bar etc. Free internet at reception which is a huge plus and the free town car is great too.We were visiting LA for the first time and had to spend $25 each way to get to Hollywood Blvd in a cab! The only thing you can walk to is an outdoor mall with lots of stores and a cinema.If you drive then it's cool but if not it's too far away.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KrisKros
<Content>A wonderful place!       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>goo0325
<Content>Nice 3 star property       exterior  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>image1
<Content>Intercontinental Century City - it's all about the details We recently stayed 5 nights at the Century City Intercontinental Hotel in November of 2007. We booked our stay with Hotwire and paid $219/night... it was a little expensive compared to what other reviewers paid, but we basically booked it within a month, so it was the cheapest I could find in the Beverly Hills/Century City area.I was really excited to stay here, but mostly because I haven't been on vacation for a long time. After booking with Hotwire, I called the hotel and put in a request with reservations for a nice room with a king bed and a nice view - plus, we had a flat screen TV, which was a nice touch. Fortunately for us, when we arrived, they had honored our request, which was really nice! We stayed in 1512 and had a great view since it was a corner unit.Overall, I would say that this hotel is very nice - definitely a 3 to 3.5 star hotel. The details are what brought down its rating in my book (see the end of my review for more). It's obviously more suited to the business traveler, but is centrally located near good shopping - you've got Venice Beach to the West and West Hollywood to the East. There is a free concierge car service to Rodeo Drive in the heart of Beverly Hills, which is a nice touch - however, they warn you that they won't go beyond Rodeo Drive and the hours aren't conducive to late nights. The lobby was really nice and the 24 hour exercise facility was excellent. Make sure to go to the spa and ask for a locker and you will have access to the spa's nice shower area. The locker room closes at 11 pm, but the spa closes at 9 pm. If you want to use the locker room from 9-11 pm, make sure to go to concierge and ask for a key there.A lot of reviewers are shocked at the price of room service and the items in the mini fridge, but seriously, you're staying at a 4 star hotel within 2 miles of Beverly Hills, what do you expect? I wouldn't be stupid enough to order room service or grab anything out of the fridge. Instead, head to the Century City Westfield Mall, about a mile away and go to the grocery store, Gelson's, and pick up some snacks there. Although the fridge is sealed, you can also chill your drinks using the ice basket provided. One nice touch is that they provide you with free Fiji water - we got 3 each time they cleaned the room. Note, they do a general cleaning in the morning AND a turn down service at night, so they will knock on your door before noon and probably around 8 or 9 pm. The turndown service is also really nice touch. One thing about the cleaning service: we stayed for 5 nights at the hotel and we noticed a drop off in the quality of the cleaning towards the end of our stay - for instance, not all the towels were replenished and we no longer received 3 bottles of Fiji, but only 2.Again, head to the Century City mall for most of your dining needs as it is not only a gorgeous outdoor mall, but the food is very fresh and there is a LOT of selection at the food court and other dining establishments.DETAILS:Although our guest room (1512) was impressive at first glance, there were some issues I observed that brought down my overall impression at the Intercontinental Century City. First of all, the heating and A/C unit was very loud, but functioned very well. Secondly, the price of wireless internet access was exorbitant (nearly $10/day!). A hotel of this caliber should have free wireless access, especially considering the amount of business clients at the hotel. Note: you can go to the business center (not the greatest at all) and also pay for internet access), but you can also go to a little cubby near the check in desk... there is a tiny claustrophobic space where they have a free internet terminal. Sometimes people stand in a line waiting to use it, so just be aware of that.Thirdly, there were no in-room mirrors (they were only in the bathroom), so it was inconvenient getting dressed before we left our room. Fourthly, the cost of mandatory valet parking was ridiculous. Although I understand that the custom in LA is pay parking (a lot of places, such as the Westfield Mall offer the first 1.5 to 3 hours free), $30 a day is quite high - HOWEVER, the valet service was excellent, so it felt like you were getting what you paid for. Lastly, the bathroom also looked impressive upon first glance... however, upon closer inspection, I was shocked at the lack of attention to detail. For instance, the bathroom countertop was not properly attached to the wall, so where it connected, instead of a waterproof seal, the wallpaper extended onto the countertop to cover up the absence of any waterproof seal. Finally, although the separate shower was a nice touch, the tiling in the shower was a little uneven. Again, these are small details, but in a top tier hotel, it's the details that count.I think overall, I would rate this hotel a 3.5. Had it not been for the details, I would have definitely said a 4, or possibly a 4.25. But due to the lack of attention to details, I would overall rate this as a 3.5.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	5	1	

<Author>mas709
<Content>Best hotel stay I've ever had I will keep this short and simple: the best hotel stay I have ever had - anywhere. First class treatment all the way, with a chauffeur driven, black BMW 750 or Mercedes-Benz S430 sedan (house car) to and from the office everyday and very courteous treatment by all staff. I was here on business for 5 nights and it was a great place to call home. Probably the only hotel that I was not looking forward to checking out of. The concierge service was friendly, professional and very knowledgeable about the area, including Beverly Hills, Hollywood and the beaches. I could not more highly recommend a hotel to stay in, if you are in Century City. I would advise anyone and everyone against staying at the Crowne Plaza (see my review of this on TripAdvisor as well) - an absolute disaster that cannot even carry the InterContinental's lunch pail.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lestoby
<Content>I thought I had a great deal, but surprised over the extra charges!       bed  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>wannabetrvlr
<Content>Nice Hotel Booked through priceline for $90. Was a bit aprehensive. But everythign went smoothly. I belive a very a posh property. Got upgraded to corner room (read bigger with very big balcony). They gave me $35 for dinner couldnt use it. Went down for breakfast has $36 breakfast ( eggs, 2 glasses of juice, one coffee) all chargebale (they didnt tell me the juisce was chargable, but then it was the intercontinental). Chauffered Merc Limo, cannot complain there. Clients very impressed (cant complain with that). The only hting that i saw missing were in hose slippers (but I guess comming from asia I was used to having them mainly because of the ratings). Would have been perfect with an LCD. Visited the bevely hilton which was more impressive, however they are not bookable thorugh priceline ...so for a 100$ this gets all my votes.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>xreenberg
<Content>Nice hotel Very pleased with the intercontinental. The newer rooms with the flat screen tvs are excellent. The free car service to local destinations is very useful, and staff were very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fredorules
<Content>Great business hotel I wanted to stay somewhere close to the Paley Center for Media and that was of reasonable cost - I booked this hotel thru Priceline for about $125 per night - not bad considering. In spite of a previous review about poor service for a Priceline customer, I experienced none of that. All of the staff, front desk, bell, valet, housekeeping were pleasant and helpful. The valet charge was $30 daily and there is no self-park. It does allow in/out as much as you want, though, and the service was always within minutes (word of advice: phone down just before you leave the room and your car will be waiting for you by the time you step outside). The pool area is virtually empty with plenty of lounges. The fitness center is a cut above the usual hotel fitness center,s which can be little more than a few machines in a former room. They must have had at least 15 machines, plus a cold pitcher of water with lemons. Did not eat there nor use the spa. The location was a less than 10 minute drive from downtown Beverly Hills and about ten minutes from Westwood Village. Probably 3 minutes or less to the Westfield mall. All in all, an enjoyable stay and an atomosphere more suited for the business traveler or travelers without kids.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sc4eva
<Content>Great business hotel Recently stayed at this new Intercontinental Century City for two nights during a business trip and found it to be of a very high standard with many nice touches. Location: Century City which is a pretty good central location in L.A. to stay. There are a number of great neighborhoods (Beverly Hills, West Hollywood, etc.) and freeways within a 10 min driving distance. The only shopping or restaurants in walk able distance would be the Century City mall but who really walks in a city made for driving.Facilities/Amenities: Gym - Modern and well equipped. Pool - Great place to relax with although the breezes can sometimes bring a chill. No free internet in rooms but free Wi-Fi in the hotel lobby which I was somewhat disappointed about. LAN internet $9.95 a day.Restaurants: Ate the Grill Room for both breakfast and lunch during the course of our stay. While expensive the lunch was amazing (Suggest getting the Ahi Tuna and Panna Cotta)Room: Stayed in a LARGE king bed room with separate sitting room complete with an additional T.V., desk and armchairs. The windows were floor to ceiling in each room that open on to a nice size balcony that facing west and the coast. (Would recommend requesting a room facing the back of the hotel as the front is dark half way through the day. Parking: I believe $35 a day (Ouch!)Overall great hotel - Would say it is more geared towards business travelers or guests who are less concerned over some of high costs.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sb_tor
<Content>No problems I read that the previous reviewer had problems with the service, but I'm pretty sure they are not because of priceline.We booked through priceline for 2 days. Quick check-in, got a great room on a high floor (facing fox studios). Did not have any problems at all. Of course, we did not order any food. Valet parking is $30, usually dont prefer it but there is no choice here. However, the valet was flawless, never waited for more than a few minutes. The room was very spacious, with a separate study area and balcony. On the other side, nothing is free in this hotel (nor did I expect it to be). Internet access is $10/day, even toll-free calls are $1, the minibar seal is better left unbroken. Called to find if they have a DVD player, but they did not. I think the hotel needs to start thinking about upgrading to flat panel televisions as well. The area is clean and upscale. The Westfield Century city mall is nearby and walkable. The food court there is a possible alternative for food. For everything else, a car is needed. Rodeo drive is just 5-10 mins by car. Parking is surprisingly cheap at rodeo drive (sometimes even free). To those visiting Disneyland (we did not), it is probably better to stay in/around the Anaheim area and save on commute time. For exploring western los angeles (hollywood, beverly hills, universal studios, santa monica etc.) this location is great.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cupcake711
<Content>The Intercontinent-Hell my husband and i stayed here for 2 nights during our month-long road trip. in all my traveling days, i have never received such poor customer service.oh, where shall i begin? i guess at the beginning. we secured this room through priceline--i'm not sure if the hotel 'blackballs' priceliners, but it certainly seemed the case.we checked in and were given a room on the 5th floor, front left corner. it was a really nice room until we tried to go to bed. we had a great room service 'late night snack' and were just heading to bed until the neighbors started winding up. from 11pm until i called downstairs at 1:15am the guests next door were having a rowdy party--complete with SHOUTING. now, i'm no stranger to neighbors and people living around me, but this was insane.in the morning we asked the front desk if the neighbors would be staying for another night...they were. i asked if we could move rooms. the hotel said it wouldn't be a problem. they would move our bags for us while we were out.we had ordered room service breakfast--what a rip--$20 for a carafe of coffee and ONE (1) slice of toast--in the menu they described a FEAST. i called room service to see what was flying but the woman said there was a TYPO (can you believe this?) on the menu and that the breakfast is only a slice of toast. my husband and i left with the assurance that our bags would be moved to our new room--we got new keys and everything. we departed for the day and returned at 10:30pm to find NO BAGS in our new room.i called downstairs and they showed up 40 minutes later with the bags. i also mentioned that we did not receive our morning wake up call--they had no record of it. i also asked the manager about comping us a breakfast because of the problem we had with the single piece of toast. he shunted me to the room service manager who kept me on hold for ELEVEN (11) minutes--oh, but i WAS NOT hanging up. now it was a battle of wills. finally she took my call and said they would send up complimentary milk and cookies and soda. this was at 10:50pm. by 11:45pm we shut the lights and went to bed. they were obviously NEVER sending anything. i also called for a wake up call and they said no problem.surprise surprise--no wake up call in the morning. i was livid. i called downstairs again--now i was angry about the milk  cookies and the lack of wake up calls TWO mornings in row. i felt like i was trapped in a french farce....it was hellish.after the manager implied that he thought i was LYING about everything...he agreed to send up breakfast. 45 minutes later, we were packed up and leaving. as we opened the door to go, a bellman thrust a newspaper and an envelope containing a 'coupon' for breakfast. we couldn't be bothered...so we just left. my husband and i are friendly, reasonable people. we would have been very happy if they would have sent up a complimentary carafe of coffee and some pastries. instead, they rachected up poor service to new heights and made us miserable--all while insinuating the mistakes were on our part. the rooms were clean but the service was so shoddy that if i had to stay there again i would rather just pay the $37/day charge for valet and SLEEP IN MY CAR.after a month on the road, staying at beautiful hotels across the country, my husband and i still think back on this place with a shudder. if the hotel doesn't want guests from priceline, why accept the bids? the entire staff should take the 'frostiness' down a notch and work on customer service skills.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Felix-7
<Content>Loved the Hotel! EVERYTHING IS PERFECT. WOULD STAY AGAIN...Two things I did not like:a) could not 2 beds and had to pay $25 per night for roll away.b) parking is steep at $35 a night.But I loved the service, location, condition and great rate I got.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ktrmeadow
<Content>Just a quick overnight...2 would have been better My husband and I stayed just one night at the InterContinental, September 14th, 2007. He was taking a pilot review test at the Santa Monica Airport. This location was very close and lovely. We arrived late at about 10pm...and had to depart the next am...so I was not able to truly enjoy this hotel. We had a very low TA rate...and I think that is why we were giving a room on the 5th floor in the back, right over the entire A/C blowers  HVAC system. It was so loud, you really could not sit outside on the balcony. The bell desk and valet service was fantastic. The gym was very up to date with the newest electronic treadmills. The pool was quite and refreshing. The Spa Menu was appealing and offered many selections. I did have a Latte' while waiting for my husband, and in the lobby bar it was $7.50. I don't know if that is normal for LA, but it seemed pricey.Overall, this is a lovely hotel that offers complimentary Mercedes Benz Car Service within one mile of the property. I would recommended this hotel in the future.Ktr....  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>schmossty
<Content>Well worth the Price I was another Priceline occupant at the Intercontinental. The hotel is very cool looking from the outside. The rooms were better than average but could stand for a renovation in a year or so. The gym was nice and FREE which for me is a huge plus! The restaurant was amazing! The food totally yummy but came with a hefty price. Luckily I got a coupon from the front desk ($21.50 off the entree). I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kawh
<Content>Slept like a Baby, but a Cool Reception I rank the overall experience as above average-- but i wanted to rate it higher, as i think highly of the chain. some great things about the hotel: lobby- beautiful and elegant. the lobby flows out to the covered, outside, front area, which is actually quite a nice place to wait for your car, or for others to gather. (a comfy couch and chairs.) rooms- fantastic sheets... and this happens to be something that matters a lot to me. firm and very comfy beds. very clean and pretty (but small) bathrooms. we had a corner room (there are many corners in this hotel) which gave us two windows. not a great view (the movie lot next door and their garden/reception area) - but it was nice to have all the light. concierge- they were helpful and loaned me a cell phone charger using the honor system. much appreciated.some not great things:indifferent check-in. is there anything more off-putting? why don't hotels get how important this is to the overall experience??mess-up with our keys. first, they wrote down the wrong room number and gave us the wrong key... we walked in and were really impressed with the room-- until we noticed a bunch of shoes on the floor and open suitcases. oops. someone else's room. they had us wait there (!! hard to imagine) and took us to our real room, which was way less wonderful. you just don't want to see how the other half lives, and then settle for your little roomlet... it hurts! no apologies for making us wait 20 minutes. just added to the cool bath we felt when we arrived.you MUST have a car and parking is expensive ($37, i think.) it is just too far from everything to walk.. but it IS a wonderfully central location with a car. (beverly hills 5 min, westwood 5 min., santa monica 15 min. etc.) we got a great deal with a priceline bid--$105. it's a great option at that price.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>DUCKDUCKG00SE
<Content>Gorgeous and convenient This hotel is over $300 a night if you purchased it through the hotel website, but is available on Priceline for much less, and worth every cent. The room and bathroom were fabulous, as was the lobby, location, view from my room and hotel staff. The only possible complaint I would have is the valet-only parking at $30 a night. But for the convenience, cleanliness, and quality of this hotel, it was well worth it. You are very close to Beverly Hills, The Sunset Strip and Hollywood. It's just a couple of miles from the 405 freeway.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Missy1985
<Content>We were treated like QUEENS!!! This was my first time in L.A and also my first trip away with just the girls I didnt know what to expect about the hotel, because as you drive through L.A, some areas can look pretty overwhelming. However, as soon as we go there, it was like a dream come true. All four of us couldn't have asked for more! The servie there was excellent. We honestly felt like stars! We ate in the restaurant there once only because the food can be a little pricey, but it was really good. Honestly, I could say alot of good stuff about this hotel...but i think i would write for hours. All i can say is that if i ever go back to L.A i will return to this hotel. Great price, great service, and just great people over all! The only one thing that wasn;t so great was the fact that it is a little ways away from all the areas that, as a tourist, you want to go see. I suggest to rent a car for the majority of your stay if you do stay here. However, you do a complimentary mercedes (with a driver, theres two and one of the guys is the funniest! his name is junior, he is a great guy) and they will take anywhere within a certain distance though, for example Rodeo drive). Overall GREAT hotel  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CSwan
<Content>A Priceline Gem!! I travel. Alot. Mostly for business, but my wife and I mix in our fair share of fun traveling. If I'm traveling for business, I tend to stay at Marriott properties because the company is paying and I like the Marriott Rewards program. When it's personal, we like to roll the dice with Priceline to get a nice hotel room at a great price. Priceline has yet to let us down, and this includes the Intercontinental Century City. The hotel staff was friendly and attentive, our room was a decent size 300 to 400 sq ft., and the bed comfortable. Sure, the tv could have been a flat screen, and the bathroom amenities could have been high end, but they weren't and for $90/night on Priceline (rack was 3x's that) who's complaining. Besides, I'm in that room to sleep, not watch tv or sit in a tub.The hotel's location is another one of its attributes. It's a short drive to Santa Monica, Beverly Hills and Hollywood. Also, if you happen to get a room on the back side, your neighbor is the Fox Studios, so you could get the extra bonus of seeing, Brad, Angelina, Scarlett or George.If I had to give it failing marks in one area, it would be the parking situation. There is NO garage for self parking, and you can't park your car along Avenue of the Stars, because there isn't any. They've got a monoply on parking, and they make no apologies for sticking you with a $30/night rate.All in all, it's a nice hotel. What makes it even better is that you can probably get it on Priceline for a fraction of the normal rate.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelnow
<Content>Wow! Loved the Intercontinental! Very good/excellent hotel. I got this hotel on priceline for $100 a night for a weekend stay. Which for the quality of the hotel and being in Los Angeles, you can't beat the value. I did a lot of research trying to find the right hotel for the right price. I was a little disappointed when I got this hotel on priceline due to the location, but I quickly changed my mind upon arrival. The staff is top notch. The rooms are great. Coffee downstairs in the morning. Sunday morning paper at my door. Car service to the surrounding area. Fox studios right next door. We were given a king on the 14th floor. Great room. Large bathroom. Comfortable king size bed. It had two floor to ceiling windows with a walk out patio!!! The patio was the size of the motel 6 room we stayed up the coast in. Seriously, two lounge chairs, table, and two sun chairs, on the large patio overlooking Beverly Hills, Downtown, Hollywood, and all the surrounding hills. You could see the Hollywood sign from our balcony on a clear morning. Very quiet up that high too. We stayed in room 1411. I would highly suggest room 1411, or maybe just a little better than that, room 1407.Only drawbacks. $30 valet only hotel parking. Was 30% of my room rate. But, very convenient and fast. And to a lesser extent. Location. There is nothing immediately around the hotel. No neighborhood. Beverly Hills is just a few streets away by car, but nothing you really want to walk to. But, if this hotel were right in the middle of one of the trendy neighborhoods, you wouldn't be getting it for $100 a night on priceline either. I would stay here again for sure. We loved it.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leclaire68
<Content>Very Nice Overall. Could Use Small Attention to Detail.       Stained lamp shade  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mntcple
<Content>Customer Service NOT included valet crashed my car, need i say more? and the only thing managment did to make up for it was give my fiance and i each a 30 dollar gift cert for the restaurant on site and take 50 off our entire stay of there, we stayed two nights and first off, the reservations were suppose to be for Aug 24 but were not so we had to pay full price for a small suite. I work for a resort where the suites are 100 percent nicer(clean, huge jaquzzi tub, two fire places, full bar, just beautiful all around) for half the price of Intercontinental. It was my fiances birthday and this hotel ruined it entirely. We have to replace the entire front bumper and our window is broken, something about the crash made it so our window wont even go up. And the Other car that they had crashed into had much worse damage than ours because we have a big SUV. Not only this but the same guy who crashed our car drove our car the same three days we were there, when we asked for someone else they shrugged and said okay but didnt change a damn thing. The valet driver didnt even speak english and everytime we tried to explained to him NOT to roll down our window he did anyway, they even posted a note on the door! IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE STAY I have ever had anywhere!Nothing about this hotel should make it four stars, except maybe how clean it was but everything else was so average. We WILL never stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	1	4	2	2	3	

<Author>tarzanldy
<Content>Great LA stay This was our first Hotwire experience and what an amazing hotel for the price! The Intercontinental took over this hotel at the first of the year as it had previously been the Park Hyatt and JW Marriott. It is a lovely property in the heart of Century City. It is more of a business hotel due to its location, however, the hotel has a complimentary car service that will take you to the CC Shopping Center and nearby Rodeo Drive. The concierge staff is so knowledgeable and offered many suggestions. The pool area was well maintained with continual attention by the housekeeping staff. The rooms are comfortable with a great view of the city and the Hollywood hills.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danni0005
<Content>Nice hotel for the price Traveling with a girlfriend for a shopping weekend. Hotel was very nice--not really hip but a nice decent place to stay. Booked at a great rate, so I was happy. Bell staff is GREAT. Front desk staff is SNOBBY. Waitied over an hour ++ for late night room service. Housekeeping forgot to clean room both days. Had to call 4x for fresh towels. Room service food not very good and VERY expensive. Room had a nice view and great patio. Was double charged each night for valet parking. Was over charged on mini bar but they claim there was nothing i could do as the bill was closed and I had to call acctg (huh?). If they needed the extra $$ that bad..... It was ok. I would stay here again if I got a great rate but would never pay more than $200.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>smes1102
<Content>Nice hotel, bad location for tourist! As a tourist, the location of this hotel was horrible. Nothing is within walking distance (restaurants, tourist stuff, etc) so if you don't have a car, you'll have to take a cab everywhere. The hotel restaurant was very nice, but for the price of it -- get out and eat somewhere trendy on Sunset Blvd. The room and bathroom were both very clean.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>miller6565
<Content>Nice Hotel- Great Price Wanted to stay near Venice Beach but my wife is the boss.Got the room on priceline for Friday and Saturday for $105 a night.Was traveling with a tween. The pool looked nice but it was almost empty. The workout area was above average.They upgraded us to a nice suite. It had two TVs so it made my daughter happy. It is less than 2 miles from Beverly Hills. So my girls loved the location with being near a great mall and near rodeo drive.It is in a business area, but a short drive away from everything. I was surprise that this was ranked the 4th best hotel by TA when we booked. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	-1	4	3	5	

<Author>Sega10028
<Content>Very nice business hotel       Intercontinental Century City bed  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LB1488
<Content>Boring Location. Super Excellent Chocolate Shakes. Went to LA for a little romantic getaway, however, I am young(ish) and poor so I suffered the whims of Priceline and came up with the Intercontinental. Neither a jackpot nor a disappointment (particularly when you're not paying anywhere near rack rate). The Pros? Very clean, *huge* bathrooms (separate tub and shower), lovely beds, friendly room service, and excellent facilities (we made great use of both the pool and the gym).The Cons? The location - downtown LA is good in that it's central, but there is *nothing* worthwhile nearby and as you'd expect, takes *forever* to drive anywhere in LA. This spot would be better fit for business travelers than tourists really. Valet parking - you can not park your own car. Annoying. Room service - while it definitely was a super chocolate milkshake - the room service menu is off-the-charts price-wise (and this is coming from a New Yorker, I'm used to big bills). Plus even though a tip is calculated into your bill, the wait staff clearly expects to be tipped in addition to that amount. Sigh.My final entertaining story: we got in late, checked in and wearily headed to our room. Only to open the door and find... someone asleep, who we clearly scared the [--] out of. Had I been a savvier traveler I would have brokered that into an upgrade. However, I was too tired - so I just trudged back down to the lobby to ask for another room. Which was quickly supplied.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>zeka
<Content>Nice hotel - Terrible Rude Service My boyfriend and I stayed just one night at the intercontinental. we each had a laptop computer. They info on the desk says that they charge $10 for 1 day of internet use, which most hotels do nowadays so we paid ten bucks - using my boyfriend's laptop - for the one night we were staying here. At 11pm I attempted to get online using MY laptop instead and was prompted to pay again. Assuming this was a technical glitch I called the front desk -- and was informed by a rude and contrite young man - who said he was the manager - that the service the hotel used charged for each IP address... so if you used a different computer you would be charged ANOTHER ten dollars for the SAME 24 hrs of internet access. When I explained that clearly this was a technical glitch- i was informed that there was nothing to be done about it. If you use more than one computer in your room, you will pay $10 for EACH computer. Ridiculous. Never in my life has a purported four star hotel made that kind of too bad for you statement. Poor poor service. Extremely rude and disrespectful. And false advertising to boot. stay away.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awdub
<Content>nice, but a bit tired Short summary: this is a nice hotel - the decor is a bit tired, and the restaurant is seriously subpar, but I'll certainly stay here again.More details: the hotel seems to date from the late 80's to early 90's, and probably hasn't been seriously redone since then. The location is decent - in Century City, but just far enough south to make the walk to the rest of Century City a bit of a hike. There didn't always seem to be enough valet staff around, but it didn't appear to be creating serious issues. Check-in and check-out were fast and easy, and front desk service was quite good. The common spaces were comfortable and very well maintained.I had a suite - not huge, but a very good size. Most of the rooms appear to have balconies big enough for two chairs, but this particular room was on a corner with balconies on two sides and wraparound floor to ceiling windows/sliding doors. It was one of the brightest, airiest hotel rooms I've ever seen - very nice and comfortable. The views of downtown LA were spectacular. Moreover, there was a planter outside with wonderfully fragrant flowers - there was a bit too much traffic noise outside to keep the sliding doors open, but I would otherwise have been tempted.The only real issue was that the room - although it was immaculately clean - was a bit worn. Decor was in mustardy yellows and greens, and the olive corduroy couch and headboard were tough on the eyes. All of the wooden furniture in the suite had small scratches and nicks. Another minor issue was that the downstairs restaurant (which was extremely empty) had poor to mediocre food at very high prices ($40/entree). I certainly wouldn't go to the restaurant again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jsmOklahomaCity
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the property several times when it was a Park Hyatt. haven't stayed since change to new managment, but assume it will continue to be great hotel. It is located in convenient area, service was great and food was good as well. Hotel provided complentary mercedes limo. for travel to and from dinner. also provided good restaurant recommendations. First class hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NY39traveler
<Content>Avoid avoid avoid Apparently Intercontinental recently acquired this property from Hyatt: whether due to this transition or not, the hotel ruined our stay in LA with bumbles, shoddiness and sheer incompetence.We needed a suite to fit a third person on a pull-out couch. Our suite (no larger than the hotel's standard guest room) had a pull-out couch clearly from another generation -- with so many gaping holes that the mattress broke through the bottom. We tried several times to get managers to address both this issue and other smaller annoyances (feather pillows we specifically asked be removed due to allergies, missing towels, plugs that didn't work, etc.), but our calls got nowhere. Seeing no other alternative for the first night, our third guest folded up the bed and spent the night alternating between the floor and a chair. The next morning, we tried to confront the management -- quite a feat given the layers of staff -- and it took a public scene to get access to an assistant manager and a commitment either to change our room or swap out the fold-out couch. That day they swapped out the couch, but in the process ruined the wall in the room and hallway so badly that when we returned to our room that night, we were confronted with WET PAINT signs: the walls inside and out were coated with fresh paint and the smell of lacquer wafted through the room. To boot, the rest of the room was not made up and furniture was strewn about, moved to accommodate movers and painters but not replaced. We tried to relocate but couldn't -- the hotel was full -- and it took two more calls even to get the room made up and a fan delivered to help clear the paint fumes.The second day, the housekeeping staff did not come at all, and when we called to ask for service, we were told that staff were on break and we should call back in an hour. By then we were irate and publicly demanded to see the manager. When we saw him, he disclaimed knowing anything about our situation or even the name of the persons we'd spoken with over the prior days. (Either the assistant manager had misrepresented his name or the manager was lying.) For our pains we got a lunch taken off our bill. We asked to have the first night rebated (for the guest who slept on the floor) and were flatly denied.We've stayed at fine hotels including Intercontinentals around the globe. The Intercontinental Century City will never be on our itinerary again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	1	4	

<Author>interviewtraveler
<Content>Pretty snazzy The hotel is situated in a great part of LA right next to Beverly Hills and across the street from an upscale outdoor shopping mall with lots of nice shops and a Gelson's supermarket. The staff was friendly, and the interior decor is nice and modern. The rooms are pretty luxurious. My room had a balcony that overlooked the pool area, which is also beautifully designed. The new X Bar was a nice nighttime hangout area, and the pool area was very relaxing. The only minor downside was that internet access in the rooms was not included. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sungirlxxxx
<Content>Good Hotel But AVOID the 3rd floor if you do not Smoke Booked through Priceline and got a great rate $110 per night. Problem at check in however, we had 3 rooms for 2 nights and in such a huge hotel on a weekend, desk clerk could not find even 2 rooms next to each other, and as my kids were to be in one this was upsetting. He offered 3 rooms on 3 separate high floors with great views, my parents took one on the 11th, and eventually offered us 2 on the 3rd floor close by , not next to, so my hubby and kids took these.The rooms all suites which for Priceline had to be an upgrade were awesome, separte living area, ours and my moms were corner suites so a huge balcony. If we all had higher floors rooms I would have no complaints, however the 3rd floor , as soon as one stepped out of the elevator Reeked of smoke and our corner suite was so bad we had to sleep with the doors open . Kids and I are all Asthmatics and all ended up needing our inhalers which we had not needed since December. The next day the housekeeper sprayed a deodoriser and left it with us to use.I am not sure if its because we were Priceline customers and they felt we were given suites(we did not ask for upgrades) or if Front desk just was being difficult, but the service staff on enquiry did tell me the hotel was not full.Front desk insisted it was a non smoking floor but my hubby a former smoker and others on the floor thought it was smoke.Valet parking is pricey but this is LA. Breakfast though plentiful for 6 of us was $149, but convenient.Location :Great as we had a rental. Easy to get to from LAX, about 20 minutes, close to Rodeo drive 5 mins by car, close to Hollywood , 10-15 mins. by car. Traffic on the weekend was minimal for LA so it was great to access Santa Monica, and Anaheim as well.A great rate for a good hotel, but for us I will have to stick to smoke free Marriotts from now on, even though my experience with Priceline was great.I would certainly recommend this property to those who have no issues with smoke free floors or not.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Globe_Trakker
<Content>Best Hotel Ever! This was the best hotel ever! I used my points, and got a suite... and how sweet it was! I loved the separate living area, and the bedroom is just fab! Didn't realize it changed hands... no matter, i will stay there again...  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingdave19
<Content>Quality Stay... I drove up to LA for the night (June 1st, 2007)  booked this hotel through Priceline. I got a really quality rate, definitely a good deal.From my limited time I spent at the hotel I found it to be a quality 4-star hotel. I was not able to use any amenities at the hotel but the staff was very friendly and upon check-in we were give a small suite with a living room which was quite nice. The decor and bathrooms was typical for a standard US 4-star hotel, nice marble countertops, very clean, nice shower. The parking is expensive at 30/day but this is LA so no one should be surprised. Also the hotel is in a good location just minutes from Santa Monica Blvd., West Hollywood  Beverly Hills. Based on my experience I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Foodfan79
<Content>So much better than you think! This is a great hotel to check out if you're staying in LA. I live in San Diego and go up to LA every few weeks, and always try a different hotel when I'm up there. The Intercontinental was one of the best I've stayed at, and I got it for $130/night on Priceline! I was quite surprised with the quality of the amenities, and the fact that the gym is not only nice, but it's free! The pool is spectacular, and our room had a great balcony with table/chairs with an amazing view. I sat out there for 2 hours just enjoying the scnenery and sunny day. Kudos to the Intercontinental for giving their rooms such incredible beds, very nice bathrooms (with separate shower), and excellent views! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spurg
<Content>Stayed In Luxury King suite # 1516 As an IC royal Amb, we booked this Luxury King suite for our seventh anniversary. It was 1200 square feet, 2 bathrooms, dinning area, living area and large king bed area. 2 person shower, bidet in master bath, large tub and double sink with views and balconies in all rooms. You are looking west over the Fox backlot towards the ocean. This property is a former park hyatt.Mini bar was well stocked with a split of white, red and various sodas, waters, mixers, redbull, vodkas and whiskys.Wife felt the service was lacking as she asked for glasses and they were never delivered. She also complained that there was only one robe in the closet.I would give it excellent raings and a great value for the money with 2 caveatsL Valet parking is 30$ and a room service burger is 25$The car service, house car is a nice new mercedes and would recommend.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LasVegasFan007
<Content>You get What you Pay For This is one of the nicest hotels that I have ever stayed in, (and I've stayed in some great hotels).The staff of this hotel is second to none.Unfortunately I can't remember the name of the bellman but here is the the story:This was our last stop on a 2 month vacation.We had tons of luggage and lose items.The bellman went in to our SUV and took out all the stuff in there and rearranged it so that everything would fit and so that I can see out the back window.This is going far beyond the call of duty.We needed a late check out and didn't leave until after4 PM and nobody hassled us, nor did we get charged anything extra.This is a quiet luxury hotel.Way different from the Roosevelt Hotel which is where we stayed in the beginning of this trip and certainly a lot more quieter than The Grafton on Sunset where we stayed 2 years ago.The Deluxe King Size Room was huge with a gorgeous large bathroom that had a seperate tub and shower.I was surprised that the room didn't have a plasma tv but the TV we had was more than adequate.The hotel is a short drive to any of the major attractions in LA.I will definitely be returning to this hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whisperingpalms
<Content>So worth it... I am leery of paying a lot and getting so little in this area of Los Angeles. I used Priceline to search a 4-star hotel for $150 and was glad to get this. I have stayed at Intercontinental hotels before and yes, they are on the austere side, but the accomodations are very, very comfortable. This one has a valet parking service and you will be billed for parking at check-out, one night cost $30. The grill downstairs will provide a superb breakfast with attentive service. The staff was very cheery and treated me nicely.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobMo
<Content>Pretty Bland I moved to stay at this hotel from another in West Hollywood (The Grafton - superb) as I was in town for an event that was taking place at this hotel. I really can't see any other reason why you would want to stay here unless you had to (it is next door to FOX so I guess a lot of business comes from them).Everything was average and yet the price was certainly above average. You really could be staying anywhere in the world though from the view you get in either the lobby or the rooms.If you are a tourist, my advice is say somehwre where there is more going on in the vicinity of the hotel (W Hollywood, Santa Monica) and if you are a business traveller, only stay here if your business really requires you to be here.I also went into the Century Plaza Hotel which is the other side of FOX Plaza (this is the Nakatomi Plaza in the movie Die Hard for any film fans) and from what I could see I would say the Century Plaza would be a far nicer place to stay. A nice bar, pleasant restaurant and lovely pool area all seemed to combine to give a far better atmosphere than at the Intercontinental.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>I_Alch3r_I
<Content>Absolute Brilliant Briliant Hotel. Best in Los Angeles Went there for my 13th birthday and it flipping rocked A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jsr914
<Content>First class hotel w/ A+ staff Booked this hotel blind on priceline for a one-night business trip in West Los Angeles. Absolutely great stay, especially at priceline prices (under $150). First off, the staff were awesome. I can't say enough about how helpful and plesant everyone was from the front desk, to the bartenders, waitresses and even the valet. I have found in the past that priceline customers can be treated as second-class citizens. This is not the case here.Thehotel itself is in excellent condition with a hip, modern style and fun open bar area. My room was very large and comfortable with a patio overlooking Fox studios. The view ranged from the movie sets below and all the way to the ocean. Two TVs in the mini-suite and well stocked mini bar were a nice touch. The hotel's restaurant was overly expensive, but that's LA for you. No complaints about the food, but I spent more for dinner than on the room. The parking charge is also steep, but again, that's to be expected.If you keep in mind that this is LA and is not an inexpensive place to be, I highly recomend this hotel for business or pleasure. Great location and staff. I will return!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AndrewMichael
<Content>Nice hotel       club chair/balcony door  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OCEANFRIZZ
<Content>The best service       Building exterior + glass lobby  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>COCO_CLASSIC
<Content>LUXURY - Well Worth the Cost! The Intercontinental Los Angeles was simply amazing. My partner and I stayed there for 2 nights during my first visit to California. The accomodations were wonderful and we had a great view of the LA skyline and the jacuzzi area. The room was very spacious and the bed was HUGE; you literally sink into comfort. The lobby was visually appeasing with fresh flowers in vases that seemed 5 feet tall, artwork and friendly smiling faces. The wait staff in the restaurant were extremely accomodating and friendly with fresh coffee and tea served every morning until 10 am at no charge. I highly recommend the Mountain Berry blend but be careful, making the tea yourself can be a bit tricky. The bathroom was large and very plush with huge towels but be careful, I slipped a couple of times entering the shower.The ONLY negative thing I have to say is the hotel is in a seemingly remote area and nothing seemed to be within walking distance. BUT if you have a rental, you're good to go!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bagrat
<Content>So far so good! I too stayed here often when it was a Park Hyatt. I am happy to report that almost everyone that I grew to know has stayed on with the Intercontinental. Great staff who show genuine interest in their guests, I always feel at home here. The rooms are still great with wonderful views and private balconies, but should receive some attention soon (like a flat screen TV please?!). The menu in the restaurant is a little tired too. A lot of old items from Hyatt on there, I think they're still looking for a chef. These 2 slight negatives are far out weighed by the great staff, the great location (hotels within 3 miles with this standard cost twice as much), and the amenities (wonderful spa and mercedes limo are my favorites). I really hope Intercontinental keeps up the great work so far...  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LasVegasMike
<Content>Wonderful Hotel-"It's all about the view"       Living Room-wrap around windows  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carrieag1
<Content>Hidden Gem In Los Angeles   showReview(7227966, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chaotica
<Content>Another great stay   showReview(7186713, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RiverRome
<Content>Excellent service, 'cold' location       My room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>go2mexico
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Service   showReview(6902093, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CharlesLondon1
<Content>Amazing   showReview(6894949, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westender
<Content>Hyatt retro-grade   showReview(6894748, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>santabarbarians
<Content>Nice Place   showReview(6733043, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Dudega1
<Content>A Wonderful Luxury Hotel   showReview(6731927, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lillycity
<Content>Direttamente sul set   showReview(17204832, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19170534, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19166648, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19929142, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19929065, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19926271, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

