<Author>gamerbunny
<Content>Know what you pay for.       Front of Hotel Whitcomb.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Gothebunnies
<Content>Nedd a hotel in San Fran? try this one!!! Recently traveled to San Fran  while The Hotel Whitcombe is not in the upmarket area of this great city, this hotel is still great value. It situated near what I think is called the Tenderloin district we are a couple of what are called OLDIES  we were never harassed or had a problem with the street people.. We were able to walk down to Union Sq in such a short time to dine,shop or just check the city out on foot.. Transport is right outside hotel all is easy to get around with.. Special mention to our favourite diner SAMS opposite great for breakfast or late snacks. Cheap to dine as well, service is pleasant nice friendly staff. sadly we cant remember the lovely Korean owners name but she was tops.we wish them well..If your going to San Francisco GO PAY A VISIT you will be rrewarded.. Once again I thank TRIP ADVISOR for the info that lead us to this Hotel..  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYAnatolia
<Content>Did not like Whitcomb Just spent five nights in Whitcomb, San Francisco. Go for Whitcomb if you can't afford anything better (although it is not much cheaper). Yes, the historic building is beautifu, staff was helpful with day tours and directions....but my room was depressing; dirty carpeting, stained bed cover and day pillow, deformed lamps; bathroom looked new, but wasn't that clean. And location...yes, it is right next to BART and MUNI station and bus and street car stops and five min away from Asian museum, but within a homeless peoples' vicinity....they come for cofee or just for warmth to the Starbacks accessable from the hotel's lobby...honestly, not too pleasant....  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>sinis55
<Content>Mixed Review Stayed at Hotel Whitcomb for 4 nights. Was somehow upgraded to a suite which was a nice surprise. However, it was a corner room and a bit noisey...it is in the heart of San Francisco but I was glad I brought sleeping pills. Read other reviews regarding location and yes it is on the edge of the tenderloin but if Castro was your destination there is no problem or the City Hall area just don't walk to Union square or directly behind the hotel.Another small problem on the third day was an accidental fall in the bathtub. The tubs are really old and very worn which results in a very slick surface. It looked as if this may have happened before as there were several holes where it seemed the shower curtain was rehung and tile missing. I told the front desk they needed to rehang the shower curtain and bring a rubber bathmat. This took two calls. Told the manager on the last day and he was nice enough to offer a complimentary breakfast but we were leaving that morning. For the AAA special it was well worth it just watch the tubs or call for a mat.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tkeefe
<Content>Kinda Nice But.... This is a hotel designated as a Historic Hotel of America and I won't argue with that but be warned that this is a building needing a bit of a renovation. The service of the staff was fine however walking to our room I was kind of struck by the moldy/mildew smell of the hallways. The room was nice, although being over Market St we at times felt like the traffic and street sounds were in our room. Light sleepers beware! The bathroom was big and had the look of having been partially renovated in the 70s. The loose tiles, mildew on the caulking made you think a newer renovation was due. Lastly, and other commentors have said this, Market Street at this spot in particular isn't pretty. Having to dodge the panhandlers each day was a hassle and in the evening seeing an obvious prostitute hanging in front of the entrance kind of made me wince. I recommend that if you have a choice stay in a SF neighborhood away from downtown. Public transportation is great in SF and that is where SF looks and feels best.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>s2communications
<Content>Genuinely neat place! I can honestly say that I have probably spent more nights in the Whitcomb than any person on the planet! As a result of my responsibilities with a large event at the end of june in SF, I am fortunate to have the Whitcomb to call home for nearly a month each year (for 9 years now!)The StaffThe Whitcomb has the friendliest hotel staff in SF! Though my visits are typically 11 months apart, the front desk staff actually remembers my name! Olga and Kazi are the best, they continually go out of their way to make me feel welcome (even though my stays are sometimes at a financial loss to the property) Check In has always been a breeze and the few times i've had requests they've been handled expeditiously. The Propertywhile i agree with some reviewers that the hotel's location isnt ideal, i've never been made to feel unsafe. i routinely walk from the property to locations throughout Civic Center Plaza and have come back to the property as late as 3am on occasion and never felt threatened. The hotel does and incredible job of being a diamond in the rough Additionally, with the Orpheum theater directly accross the street its not un common to see people dressed to the nines milling about at late hours when the shows get out. Also i had the incredible fortune of being at the hotel when they were holding rehersal for Hairspray the musical in the ballroom off the lobby... What an opportunity to hear worldclass performers rehearsing!! Also, if you so desire - the Burger King across the street is an unusual but fun place to get an autograph or two after the shows as you almost ALWAYS find hungry actors and actresses there after their performance next door at the orpheum. That being said - if you have a desire to get out of the civic center to the more heavily populated tourist areas, you literally have an entrance to MUNI and BART at your doorstep. While many reviewers have mentioned the availability of the F street car its much more practical to grab BART or the MUNI underground. You'll find that the MUNI underground is much faster than the F street car. You can literally grab any inbound muni from the hotel and be in Union Square in 2 min (the next stop inbound from the hotel is Powell) the best part is it only costs $1.50! If you want to go up to Fishermans Wharf you can always MUNI to Powell and grab a cable car there for an aweful lot of fun! Basically you get the benefits of staying in an overpriced tourist trap in union square or SOMA or Embarcadaro without the steep price I really see this as a major pro not a con at all!!The RoomsI cant speak highly enough about the comfort of the rooms. If you are looking for marble bathrooms and granite counters look elsewhere, but if you are looking for a clean comfortable room with old San Francisco charm then this is the place for you. The beds are amongst the most comfortable i've ever slept in and the bathrooms are functional. Every room i've stayed in (and i've stayed in plenty!!) have oversized clostes. Each room has a desk and some have a side table and reading type chair as well. All of the rooms have a nice bright paint job and remind me of boutique hotels in downtown london. Honestly, this place isnt the Ritz but you get amazing value at this world class property. Hang out in the lobby if you get the chance and take in the amazing marble and crystal chandaliers. Grab a bite and a drink at the Market Street Grill (their crab cakes are great!)  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanny43
<Content>great hotel was a bit worried as we had read bad reviews but i think they must of been at a different hotel went there for our 25 wedding anniversary staff were lovely and very helpful security at night was good lovely room kept lovely and clean great location very handy for bart there was homeless but we never felt threatened overall a lovely stay and would definitly stay again thanks for a lovely two weeks  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnHDublin
<Content>Great hotel for an excellent price I stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb for 4 nights in Jan 08 and I was quite impressed with the hotel.I had been in San Francisco a few times before, so I knew exactly what the area was like, I had often considered staying at the hotel when it was a Ramada.Check-in was rather painless, which was good as I had just gotten off a flight from Dublin via London and was pretty wrecked. My bags were still in London, which didn't really put me in the best of moods.My first impression of the room and the corridors was that it was an old hotel, but was well looked after. The room itself was fine and the bathroom was also fine, if a bit small.I was on a 2 city holday, San Francisco and Las Vegas, so my 4 days were split into 1 day before going to Las Vegas and 3 after returning from Las Vegas.The hotel is right beside an F-line stop, which is handy for getting to Fishermans Wharf etc.There was a slight problem on my return to the hotel after my trip to Vegas due to the fact that due to me turning up a day late, my reservation had actually been cancelled, however, the receptionist was able to find the reservation and re-activate it.The Starbucks in the hotel was also very handy, as I was able to get a Machiato before getting on the tram for Pier 39Overall, I would recommend this hotel and I am considering staying here again on my next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sneaky_wan
<Content>comfortable but... well...in general, it looks like a pretty nice and comfortable hotel...the goods:-comfortable bed, clean room...the bads:- however, this hotel is located on the 8th street...which is the zone bordering the more sleezy/dodgy area in SF city...every night we'll hear police cars, ambulances, fire engines zooming past...- one night, while i was unpacking with my girlfriend..we heard this 3 loud thumps on the door! and there was no one! *creepy*- the room + toilet had wallpapers that were tearing off...revealed some old yellowish stained wallpapers...when we left the hotel, that's when we realised...the hotel has been gazetted as a heritage monument type building...and 40 years ago...it was a hospital-cum-mortuary!!!! YIKES! and it's common that people hear footsteps and someone calling them in the middle of the night! DOUBLE YIKES!!now i'm wondering whether the loud knocks on the wall was even human...*gulp*  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>heaven2008
<Content>Our Honeymoon Night My Husband and I had a Horrific Time getting married (including a mugging and a robbery), this hotel was WONDERFUL! Their prices are extremely reasonable (esp. for the quality of the hotel). The rooms were great. The staff was professional....I couldn't recommend them more!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spud690037
<Content>Old Hotel but the History is Amazing We had a great time The hotel is in walking distance to everything. The staff were very very helpful and friendly. The rooms I found small but clean and nicely decorated. Would stay again. Lots of homeless people but they never bothered us at all. See you on our next trip to San Fran!!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>beepers65
<Content>Hotel Whitcomb Honesty Our stay at the Hotel Whitcomb for a San Francisco wedding was comfortable, friendly and enjoyable. The folks at the desk were helpful and the parking attendants willing to put up with our frequent trips in and out of the lot.I was especially impressed with the honesty and helpfulness of the staff . I had an unusually large amount of cash that had been paid back to me and mistakenly left it in my glasses case in a drawer in the room where we stayed. I didn't discover this until we had driven out of the city. We returned to the Hotel and still couldn't find it, but within a half an hour, I got a call that the item had been found. No money was missing and the staff was quite supportive of me and my agitation. They treated me respectfully and did all they could to be of assitance. I appreciate the Hotel, the management and the staff.Barbara Penny Garberville, CA  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>creditcrunch
<Content>Credit Crunch Whitcomb OK so after reviewing some of the comments made here I opted to book the Whitcomb and would not raise expectations. On arrival at this Art-Deco hotel you can really see that the Hotel has a lot of stories to tell, grand wood panels and the like adourn the reception with a small seating area. Check in was quick and I was off to my room on the 3rd floor. As a frequent business traveller and no stranger to staying in a whole raft of hotels I was not phased by this room, 2 queen beds a walk in wardrobe, free Wi-Fi and a ...... bathroom with no blinds, yes I had a room that overlooked Market street and the bathroom window also had a view of Market Street, OK the window was frosted but I had no desire to shower (no tub) for the viewing public. I asked the front desk if there was another room and was told that I had one of the best rooms as it was a disabled persons room and were generally bigger than others. The area as expected was rather seedy and as such one did not wonder past the front doors after dark, Starbucks was a life saver as was the free Wi-Fi and I elected to stay one night and made use of the Wi-Fi to find an alernative hotel for the remainder of my 5 days. Rounding up the hotel does what it says on the tin, if you are here on a budget and are not too worried about the neighbour hood then you should have a reasonable time at the Whitcomb. I do however urge the managment to address some basic needs as the rooms are tired and could do with some refurbishment in keeping with the hotels history, I would also like to see the Citys authorities be pro-active in sorting out the homeless folk outside and the surrounding area its a real shame as this is a real problem  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	1	3	4	4	3	

<Author>RSGNM
<Content>Nice Old Hotel, Not a great area Got a good rate through Priceline and got into our room at 11:30 amso was pleased with that.Room was very clean and wireless worked wellStaff was friendly and helpful with tour options etc.Lots of homeless persons around but no one bothered us. We walked to the cable car and tour bus departure points without feeling in any danger. Nighttime would be another matter.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tapie
<Content>Good but not superb The service at the hotel was good. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was not very big, but it was clean. The only disadvantage were the noises you could here inside your room. Both from outside (police cars for example) as from inside the hotel (neighbours).  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>somerandomgirl
<Content>Don't go out at night. I booked this hotel because of the reasonable price and close proximity to public transportation. Like many other reviewers, my husband and I were both concerned about the location, particularly the panhandlers and some somewhat unsavory street vendors on Market St. near the hotel. A friend who has lived in San Francisco for a couple of years described the neighborhood as somewhere where you are safe during the day, but stay in a group at night. That seemed fair enough. Keep your bag close to you, and be prepared to say Not today, to a range of people attempting to get your money through begging or selling things you really don't want (poorly written homeless activism newspapers, bootleg hip hop CDs, etc.).That being said, the access to public transportation makes it such that it's relatively easy to avoid these problems with a little planning ahead. The Civic Center BART station and the F Train (which will take you to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Ferries and Castro) are within a few feet of the hotel door, and once you are on the train or in the station, you have much less to worry about. The hotel is between 8th and 9th streets, and I found that if you get off at the 9th St. F Train platform, you had to deal with fewer problems on the streets themselves. What a difference a block makes.I had a few minor concerns about the hotel itself. It could have been cleaner. There were some suspect things on the floor of the bathroom that weren't cleaned until I made sure to leave a towel on top of them so that they would be picked up with the towels. We were there for six nights, and on two of them we had to request wash rags and a bathmat, because housekeeping only left towels and hand towels in the bathroom. Housekeeping was relatively prompt about bringing these items when we requested them, but you really shouldn't have to request things like linens in a hotel.That being said, overall the rooms were tastefully appointed. I have stayed in nicer rooms, but I've also stayed in much less savory places. The staff were always friendly and courteous, and they were quick to refund our money when we had difficulty using the Internet Cafe area.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	1	2	4	2	3	

<Author>bombolone9977
<Content>Very scary area and rude staff When I booked this hotel, I realized that the area would not be great, but I didn't realize that I would actually be scared walking around by myself. I live in a big city and am very comfortable walking around almost anywhere. I have traveled alone extensively in the U.S., Europe and Central America and have never felt so unsafe. About one block from the area (between the hotel and Union Square), there were very few tourists/business people. Instead of leaving my luggage at the hotel so I could walk around before my red-eye flight, I actually asked the people at another hotel (Grand Hyatt) to keep it for me because I was afraid to walk around by myself near the Whitcomb so late at night.If the area surrounding the hotel was the only issue I had, I would not be writing this review. While I wish the hotel's website stated clearly that it was located in an unsafe area, I do not feel that the hotel management can be blamed for what street people do around their hotel. What I do blame the hotel for is its terrible customer service. I was treated so unkindly by the front desk staff that I was upset all day and would never consider recommending this hotel or going back. This experience actually ruined a trip that I had enjoyed up until the last day. In all of my years traveling around the world, I have never been so unimpressed with a hotel staff's ability to show basic kindness, let alone good customer service, to its clients. Considering that I have stayed in 1 star hotels overseas and been perfectly happy, I am quite amazed that I had such a negative experience at a reputable hotel in a major U.S. city.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	3	1	4	

<Author>Blondie3WI
<Content>Not a great location Hotel choices were limited in San Francisco due to a major convention and marathon. Hotel Whitcomb is located on Market Street. It is near a BART station, that was convient when taking the train from the airport. The hotel door was literally steps from the station.I really enjoyed my stay, but I wish the hotel had been closer to shopping and Fisherman's Wharf. The neighborhood that the hotel is in is not so great. I didn't feel very safe walking around, and took taxis home at night. Also in order to get to any areas by Fisherman's Wharf a cab is essential or if you plan on doing any shopping. There isn't a lot of places around the hotel for food or drinks, if you don't count the various Gentlemen's Clubs.Despite the less desirable location the rooms were clean, reasonable, and there was a Starbucks in the lobby. There also was a bar and grill in the hotel, but didn't have time to try it out.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>cupcakesb
<Content>A Grand piece of History I only deduct one star because of the location. A beautiful grand hotel like no other. The staff wil treat you like you are at a FIVE star hotel. The rooms were clean and comfy. Yes, some renovating will need to be addressed, but you can overlook for the history of the hotel. We did leave early because of the location and moved to another hotel. The area has boarded up buildings, mens clubs and groups of young men and homeless roaming the street. It you don't go out after dark it is probably  OK.The inside cafe was wonderful, and lovely to have a very busy Starbucks inside as well.It is an experience to stay here, and I was not unhappy when we left.Thank you Whitcomb staff for your super experience, front dest, hotel operator and conciere.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>mevangelista
<Content>Nice Hotel, Not So Nice Location First and foremost, I rely heavily on tripadvisor reviews for all my trips. I take the time to read pages of reviews, dating back months or longer, then make a decision. I make it a habit of returing the favor and write reviews of places we stay. I have for years. The vast majority of reviews for this hotel are right on. But it is not the hotel, it is the area. And unfortuately for this hotel, the area comes with it.I visited San Francisco 5 years ago and lived in the outlying suburbs from 1981-1985. I booked this hotel due to the fact that my older daughter was staying here with a group of runners, participating in the Nike Womans Marathon. The bottom line is, the hotel is a great, older boutique style hotel with character and flavor. Our room was small, but typical of older, city hotels. Just like New York. It accomodated myself, my wife and my 15 year old daughter just fine. In fact, the hotel is not the problem. The problem is what is outside the front door and anyone booking this hotel should be aware of the area that it is in. It is on the edge of the Tenderloin district. It is no secret that this area of Market Street and the Civic Center is a haven for the homeless, those with apparent mental illness (albeit functional) and a large amount of the city's dregs of society. This is NOT a tourist area. I certainly understand this is not the hotel's fault, but if this website is to provide information to prospective guests, then those guests should be well informed. After arriving and checking in, we decided to walk to the Powell Street Cable Car turnaround. This is 4 blocks from the hotel. These are the cable cars that take you to Fisherman's Wharf and Aquatic Park, by Ghiradelli Square. Walking to Union Square would have been another 2 blocks longer. It was about dusk, maybe 630pm. I am a 20 yr veteran police officer in New Jersey, an hour south of New York City. I am not easily intimidated, but can sense when things are not right and am ALWAYS protective of myself and my family. Our walk lasted 2 maybe 3 blocks. I was so uncomfortable walking with my wife and teenage daughter, that we turned around and hurried back to the hotel. Flagging down a cab was useless. There were so many creepy, sketchy people hanging out, panhandling and eyeballing us. People getting high, dealing drugs and drinking out of brown bags. One guy asked me what time it was, and I could only infer that he got a glimpse of a fairly expensive watch I was wearing with a short sleeve t shirt. 20 yards later, I put the watch in my pocket and told my wife to do the same with hers. The hotel even gives its guests safety guidelines geared to the area it is in, in the hotel information book in the rooms. We stood out like sore thumbs. We got back to the hotel and told the desk we were uncomfortable walking to the cable car stop and could they call us a cab. The desk simply said to step outside and hail one. (Thanks for the help). Well, I tried that, and again was approached by several homeless asking for money as well as car service drivers hawking people for rides. Not pleasant. With that, I reluctantly got my car out of the valet service and we drove to Fisherman's Wharf and a few other spots around the city. This is not what I wanted to do. The next morning we checked out. Our stay was supposed to be for 4 nights. One was enough. And again, the hotel is fine, but why stay somewhere on vacation and feel intimidated and apprehensive when you walk out the front door.I am sure the hotel management will respond and state the city of San Francisco is aware of the homeless, the panhandling and the drug addicts and sketchy alcoholics and seedy characters that congregate and linger on Market Street in the area of the Civic Center, which is directly across the street from this hotel, and they are actively trying to do something about it. But the fact is, this is San Francisco, and it is a liberal city that is much more tolerant of this type of problem than other major cities, and it is not going away anytime soon. That is unfortunate for this hotel and I cannot possibly recommend staying here, especially with young children. As I stated previously, my older daughter also stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb with a group of runners in town for the Nike Woman's Marathon. She works in Manhattan and walks 10 blocks every day from the Port Authority on 42nd Street. Even she said this area is way worse then what she sees on a daily basis in NYC. She stayed with us in another hotel the last 2 nights. This review is an honest insight about a nice hotel that is in a not so nice area of San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Spenc775
<Content>Wonderful Old Hotel       The Mez level front of hotel  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>petlovr67
<Content>HOTEL WHITCOMB SAN FRANCISCO We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb in early September. The staff there were very friendly, consierge was helpful with planning our trip to Napa and Sonoma and the hotel lobby was very elegant. However, the hotel could use some updates with the rooms. The sheets were torn, floor tiles were brokes, walls needed updating. The exercise room treadmill was broke and the weight machines were broke as well. I didnt report these problems because they were not that big of an issue for us but just noticed that it could use a facelift. The hotel has a Starbucks in it so this was helpful in the mornings, as we are not big breakfast eaters, so we could just grab some coffee and something light for breakfast. I do not think the homeless issue was as bad as the reviews i have read. There was one homeless person that had drifted into the ladies bathroom. I immediately told the manager and it was taken care of right away. There might have been one homeless man out front and off to the side of the hotel, but he did hot bother anyone.  We were not in our hotel that much as we get up early in the morning and usually did not get back to our hotel until evening. We got a good rate for the hotel as they price matched our rate from another company.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yucatenor
<Content>A GREAT find! My partner and I reserved a room for a four-night stay at another San Fran hotel. However, the reviews for the other hotel on TripAdvisor were not very good, so (at the last minute!) we canceled our other reservation and took an available room at the Whitcomb. This property is a total gem and a wonderful find! Personally, I LOVE historic hotels and this is grand, old San Francisco. Our room was very elegantly decorated, very clean and the bed very, very comfortable. The maid service was also great. The concierge, in addition, was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL! The front desk staff seemed a little frustrated at their computer system, but they were very good to us. When I return to San Fran in a couple of months on business I will surely stay there again. **I will say, though, that the only reason I'm giving my review 4 stars and not 5 stars has to do with the porter. We dealt with two porters: an extremely kind and helpful gentleman from east Africa and a snotty, 20-something white kid. My partner is from Latin America and has a slight Spanish accent. He is, however, Ivy League educated and speaks perfect English. The 20-something porter was so insultingly patronizing to my partner that I became rather upset. All in all, though, it was a wonderful stay and a great property.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>puciano
<Content>What a deception We returned from 3 days at Whitcomb SF with our 2 kids. We arrived near 11pm due to a unexpected delay at ALAMO at the airport (2 hours wait for the rental car delivery!),and surprise, our confirmed reservation for 4 people was unknown by the front desk. Solving this problem was apparently not the staff priority, and we finaly slept in a room for 2 people with one additionnal bed; the day after, we moved to a room for 4 people but luggage transfer was not taken into account as proposed by staff, and I had to move all our stuff.To conclude: no friendly and efficient staff, hotel's location far from points of interests and environment worrying after the nightfall: a little convincing value for money.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>lorcastudios
<Content>Great Stay! I had a wonderful stay at the Witcomb. I was there for a conference, and I felt very well taken care of. The location is very convenient for catching the bus/trolly to just about anywhere in SF. The room was very clean, and I liked the atmosphere.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parizienne
<Content>Great nostalgia We arrived with a late check-in with no problems. Our room was ready, and we availed ourselves of the valet parking even at close to midnight. We were in town for the Outside Lands festival, so we didn't spend a lot of time in our room. The hotel is lovely and quite nostalgic. The lobby is spectacular with gorgeous granite and marble carvings, a lovely carved wood ceiling and beautiful stained glass. Our room, on the 7th floor, didn't have much of a view, but we did request a quiet room. Had we faced Market Street, it would've been noisier. Our room had great, high ceilings and way more character than chain hotels. Public transit is just steps from the front entrance. We did not try the hotel restaurant because we are usually late to bed and late to rise, so it was closed for breakfast and dinner when we normally would have eaten ( after 11 AM and after 11 PM -- reasonable.. we just have weird eating habits). Our room was great. Bed was comfy. LOTS of pillows. Nicely furnished. Our bathroom was quite spacious, but I think because this is an older hotel, the rooms shapes and sizes vary. A/C wasn't overly cool, but kept us comfy enough. SF has very high room taxes which, of course, the hotel doesn't control. Just keep this in mind and add it to your budget. We did enjoy Sam's Diner across the street. Again, watch out for the added service charge of 15%. Good food, but, I guess, no need to figure your own tip since they effectively add it to the bill. Thanks, Hotel Whitmore. Another reason we decided to stay here, despite all of the homeless in this part of the city ( not the hotel's fault) was the attention paid to customer service. I noticed that the manager responds to reviews, both positive and negative, here on TripAdvisor, That tells me they care about their reputation. And, I found that their actions and their words are one and the same. Great experience!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Pablo9745
<Content>Two issues to consider about the Whitcomb It was very interesting to stay at the hotel I had read so much about in these reviews before travelling thereFor me there re two main issues here(1) The Hotel and (2) The Neighbourhood(1) The hotel is absolutely fine. I booked 2 rooms for my party and I was pretty pleased with them. Rooms were clean and bed linen changed ever day. Hotel appears to be built in the Edwardian period and probably suffers as a result. For example the electrics went off in one of the room due to overloading of the circuit when the hair straightners were plugged in. This was mentioned to staff who dealt with it immediately and it wasn鈥檛 a problem at all. The building probably need rewiring, re-plumbing etc but this would undoubtedly cost millions and would probably be uneconomic to do so on the part of the owners. However no complaints about the whitcomb hotel itself(2) The Neighbourhood- I was very surprised by number of destitute people and those appearing to suffer mental illness on the streets of San Francisco. This hotel is in an area that is full of these people. I never had a problem with anybody myself, but I can understand why this issue has been brought up so much in previous reviews on this hotel. My party consisted of my wife and my 3 young girls, who are 10, 12 and 14, and I know that they felt a little uneasy about the area. If this hotel was literally 500 yards east of where it is, say from Mason Street onwards, where the main shopping area begins, then this hotel would probably be receiving rave reviewsHowever its not, and that is probably reflected in the price they charge. It is nevertheless in a good geographical position to get around the city, and public transport is almost right outside. Starbucks is next to the hotel and anyone wanting a decent breakfast should try 鈥淪ams鈥?which is directly opposite the hotelWould I book again- yes I would. Its not the hotels fault that there is destitution on the streets, but this issue shouldn鈥檛 be overplayed and I would be prepared to stay there again. Those who are a little bit more sensitive to the down and outs, should perhaps look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stevejnb
<Content>Be very aware of the location This is a lovely restored hotel on Market Street in San Fancisco. The problem is that it's the wrong end of Market Street. It's a good price for the center of San Fran but only go out at night with a minder. And don't use their valet car parking service -they'll damage your car.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	1	4	4	2	5	

<Author>Ragno08
<Content>Problem free stay Overall our stay was satisfactory. We didn't experience any problems.Even though we arrived the hotel early, we were able to check in. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Especially the lady at concierge thrived to help us whenever we asked for something. The hotel is very close to public transportation. There is a BART/MUNI metro station just outside of the hotel and across the street there is a street car stop. However, when we first got out from the hotel, we were scared a little bit because of many homeless people loitering around. Later on we got used to this scenery. The pros continue with the Strarbucks which has an entrance inside the hotel. We had our breakfast there. Hotel restaurant seemed good but we have never had a chance to eat there. Our room was cleaned, and towels were changed everyday. The only problem was that they came too early to clean. If you forget to hang Do Not Disturb sign, they will knock the door no matter how early it is.Will we stay at this hotel again? Probably yes.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>princessvixen
<Content>Great hotel-dodgy area! I stayed here with a large tour group a few weeks ago.Let me start with the room.The room was huge.Beautifully decorated and the beds very very comfortable.There was a bad powerpoint which was falling out the wall which is quite dangerous which I forgot to report.The bathroom was small but hey I don鈥檛 live in a bathroom so no problem.The hotel itself is a gorgeous old hotel that has been restored.The staff were mostly helpful but I must mention the gentleman who works opposite reception.We had tickets to tour the baseball park and as they was a game on the day we wanted to go we asked him if he could call them to make sure the tour was still going.He seemed very disinterested and referred us to the lady in the giftshop who went out of her way to help us.Also we had 1 included breakfast in the hotel.As we were with a tour the breakfast was a set meal.But when mine came out it was stone cold.It tasted like rubber and I wouldn鈥檛 feed it to my dog.The hotel is a block away from the 鈥楾enderloins鈥檞hich is a very bad area for crime.As others have said the homeless problem is an epidemic and you only have to walk out of the hotel to see homeless people everywhere.I realize this is something the hotel cannot control but I also saw a man being arrested for drug possession a few metres from the hotel.I did walk around in a large group at night but I did not feel very safe.This hotel is a gem but be very wary of the area.Take cabs-try not to walk!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pmsantini
<Content>Cusomer Service Excellent! We atttended a buisness trip in CA in July. We were coming from Rochester, New York and were going to be in CA for 48 hours. For the meeting we were attending we needed to have items shipped to CA and stored somewhere until we needed them. I called the Hotel Whitcomb Restaurant Manager David and explained what we needed. He said no problem at all we can accomodate you. I had perishable items shipped to the hotel 2 days before our arrival. The hotel stored these items in there cooler free of charge! I also had to boxes shipped with other items we would need and they stored them too. Anything we asked for they were able to get for us. We had luggage lost at the airport and the hotel helped us get our luggage back that same night. The hotel was an historic hotel with alot of character. We make this trip annually have decided the Hotel Whitcomb will be where the 6 of us stay from now on. We actually sent them a gift basket because we were so happy with everyone's service!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sbmNewMexico
<Content>Just okay stay My husband and I recently attended a conference in San Francisco, with the Hotel Whitcomb the designated hotel. We have been to San Francisco often, and looked forward to the trip. Lured by the pictures on the web site, we booked a junior suite for the 7-night stay. Don't be misled by the alluring pictures of the lobby, which is indeed gorgeous. How much time do you spend in the lobby? The junior suite was also an example of luxury-on-the-surface, not-so-great underneath. First, the arrangement of the junior suite was very awkward, with a long hallway to nowhere. The bathroom was stark (beige tile everywhere, not-very-fluffy white towels) apparently carved out of one corner as an afterthought. There was NO shelf space in the bathroom. The small refrigerator was nice, but no in-room coffee. There were way too many extension cords with multiple items plugged in. The electrical outlet near the desk required jiggling to keep the lamp lit, and my laptop battery ran down to nearly zero one night because it wasn't plugged in at just the right angle. USA Today available at front desk -- only if you got there early. The restaurant food was okay, but very overpriced. Starbucks next door was a nice touch. Staff was pleasant and helpful. Outside, one can catch the trolley to for $1.50 -- but it was frequently overcrowded, with no room for additional riders. The hotel is on Market Street, and we heard the sirens of emergency vehicles loud and clear at all hours;. The panhandlers were evident and obnoxious. Next time, we'll look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>canarycream
<Content>Lovely hotel in very convenient location Let's get the bad stuff out of the way, shall we? First, when we checked in, the very friendly woman took forever, saying that it was hard to find a room for four nights. Um...that's why we made a reservation?! But she did eventually get us sorted, admitting that it required her to take a room reserved by someone else checking in the following day. ooookaaay...That same night, we asked the guest services guy (not the concierge, to be clear, who will get rave reviews in a paragraph or two) where we could grab a bite to eat. It was already nearly 9pm and we were starving, our flight having been delayed. He unhelpfully suggested the overpriced hotel restaurant. When we demured, he pointed us in the direction of Union Square, which we immediately found to be lacking in the casual, inexpensive variety of restaurant we'd requested. (*** For your reference - just jump on the F Train outside the hotel and go in the opposite direction from Union Square to the Castro neighborhood for a ridiculous amount of adorable, affordable places to eat. ***)And lastly, the hotel restaurant, as mentioned, is way overpriced. But that's all quibbling stuff, and overall we loved staying here. The decor is fabulous - a real knockout in the lobby with stately, cozy rooms. The free wifi was so helpful - although our room was placed as such that we had to stand at the window to get a signal...no matter! We did manage to get a signal and use the internets to help plan our days. Great service from the front desk and concierge. I had to call down to the front desk for a lot of random stuff - a lightbulb went out, I needed to print something, requesting late check-out - and they were always friendly, efficient, and helpful. The concierge, Rahn, was a gorgeous genius of a man. He took us step-by-step through how to get around on public transit and recommend the excellent Harvest Urban Market for our grocery needs. He was patient and funny and answered all our questions thoroughly even as a line grew behind us. Regarding the neighborhood - coming from Boston, I thought I'd be prepared for the homelessness issue. Well, it really is an epidemic in this city and I was a bit rattled by sheer number of poor people--everywhere, not just by the Civic Center. But it is not a dangerous area by any means, just kind of sad. The location can't be beat in terms of access to public transit (BART and F train directly outside) and a few blocks in any direction take you to slightly nicer areas. The hotel is a grand dame holding up an area that's gone a bit to seed, but I would unreservedly recommend it--great service, decor, comfort and location.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>RobynW
<Content>A good place from which to explore SF--be prepared for some noise though. The Hotel Whitcomb has a great location and we found the staff incredibly helpful. Location: Right on Market Street so you just walk out the door and wait for the F trolly down to the waterfront ($1.50 a person, have the correct change). 4-5 blocks from some good shopping. You need to walk a bit to find a place to eat (unless you want Burger King, which is across the street or the Hotel Restaurant). Starbucks is right next door, hooray!!! Not a bad drive to the airport either.Staff: Great. We were behind one person in the Guest Services line and someone (concierge I think) came running over to assist us. When he couldn鈥檛 answer our question he took us to someone who could. Very attentive. Also, when there was an argument outside our room at 3am I called the front desk and they had someone up there pronto. We had no wait for check in or check out.Parking: I鈥檓 glad my husband was driving because I found the parking a bit stressful and confusing. We managed however. Rooms: My only complaint. It鈥檚 an old hotel so guests need to be understanding. Having said that, I鈥檇 like to let you know what to expect. The bathrooms are tiny鈥揑鈥檓 pretty thin and I have no idea how a larger person would fit between the toilet and sink. It鈥檚 almost impossible to change clothes in the bathroom (which I needed to do since I was travelling with my son). The walls are also incredibly thin. We were 5 doors down from the ice machine but heard it everytime someone got ice. Every conversation that took place in the halls could be heard too. My husband, son and I definitely were woken up several times a night because of all the noise. Not a big deal but I think it鈥檚 worth passing along on this site.A nice place from which to explore San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>michaelinps
<Content>Great Staff ~ Fantastic Location I am not much for writing reviews but I felt the urge to express my pleasure with the staff and location of the Hotel Whitcomb.I stayed at the hotel for a few days last week. Truthfully I booked it because it was one of the best values on the internet. I only wanted a place to rest my head so I wasn't as concerned about the condition of or amenities at the hotel.From the moment I arrived to the hotel I was immediately impressed. First of all the lobby is beautiful. It really takes you back to a by-gone era. No major changes since the hotel opened in 1916. The marble, lighting and stained glass were beautiful. A vase of fresh flowers greet you when you first walk in and so do the smiling faces of the staff.I got to the front desk to check in and was met by Olga. She immediately made me feel at home. My room was not ready yet so she offered to introduce me to the concierge to set up a tour or give me options to kill time until my room was ready (I tried to check in early)I toured around the city for a couple of hours and when I returned I once again encountered Olga. She not only remembered my name but had the room ready for me.I picked up my bag from the bell-man. A jovial man who sang instead of spoke to everyone he encountered.I got to my room. A typical historic hotel. The room was small but well-appointed. The beds were quite comfortable and the air conditioning (It was 95 in the city) worked quite well.The location of the hotel is very convenient to public transit. With BART and MUNI right out your door it is easy to get anywhere in rapid time. Everyone in the hotel seems knowledgable about the transit system as well. I asked the security guard how to get to Fisherman's Warf. He not only told me how to get there but wrote it down for me.All in all it was a fantastic stay. Thanks Hotel Whitcomb for a great time in the city. I will certainly return.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>apphigh
<Content>Fantastic Our stay at The Whitcomb was fantastic from check-in to check-out. We got lost getting there, and Al on the phone was so helpful and patient. The gentleman who checked us in was fantastic, I wish I knew his name. Paige at the concierge desk took the time to explain all the different types of transportation, public and tour, and give us her opinion on the best and easiest ways. Even the housekeeping staff was extremely nice and helpful. Larry the Doorman was a kick! My daughter thought he was great, The lobby is beautiful as is the rest of the hotel. It is conveniently located by BART transit and bus line. The hotel is located not too far from the Tenderloin district and the Castro district, so it can be pretty colorful. Anybody who complains about the homeless people around need too realize that this is San Francisco and the homeless are EVERYWHERE! It's the perfect climate for them. The hotel is located about a $12.00 taxi ride from the waterfront. It is a little far from the waterfront but close to lots of other sights. If I had one dislike, it would be that the room did not have a microwave or refrigerator. No biggie. I will definitely stay here again.Susanne  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brendoni
<Content>A Study in Contrasts We just got home from a week in San Francisco and a stay at the Hotel Whitcomb. We were there from the end of June through July 4th. Mostly, our stay was very good. First impressions count and the lobby is beautiful. The Edwardian architecture, the rich carved wood and the abundant marble all go together to give the impression of opulence. The check in experience can be a bit long we noticed, not only for ourselves, but we saw lines there frequently. The room was comfortable and well appointed. But, if you have electronics that need to be recharged, there are precious few outlets in the room. The sheets were luxurious, but some of the towels were frayed around the edges. Most of the service was very good and swift to react. When we complained of folks smoking in the stairwell (since our room was located in the stairwell, the smoke traveled up and into our room), they were quick to respond and clean it up. We never again smelled smoke. At least that kind. Another day, the outlet in the bathroom suddenly buzzed, emitted sparks and some smoke. Fortunately, we were there when it happened and we unplugged everything. We told the front desk what had happened, but no response came during the rest of our stay. We thought sparks and smoke would urge them to action, but evidently not.Our main praise though goes to the two concierges we worked with. Paige was always helpful setting up tours. The small bus tour she recommended of the wine country was fantastic. When we tried to book a tour to Alcatraz, she told us they were sold out, but took our cell phone number and promised us she would try. Other folks on our tour who tried to go to Alcatraz were told the same thing: sold out. But their concierges left it at that. During lunch, we got the phone call that she had procured two tickets to Alcatraz. She went above and beyond and we really appreciated her help. The other concierge who was a great help was Jan. She had the evening shift and gave us several excellent recommendations for restaurants. They were spot on and we had some excellent meals. She also gave us detailed directions on how to get around the city. She was great fun to deal with as well.I would recommend this hotel to others. I would hope the hotel could work on some areas, but overall it was a good deal.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>dick384
<Content>Not the Image San Francisco would like to give The Hotel is old and yes, historic, by San Francisco hotel standards. The lobby is interesting with all the marble and woodwork but the furniture upholstery is dirty and stained and appears old/antique, as well.The rooms are small and the bathrooms are REALLY small with only a shower. The beds and rooms were clean and comfortable and were serviceable.The staff were courteous and helpful for the most part. Outside of the concierges ( who were great!) they're not used to good service (i.e. When I asked a bellman to call a cab, he said and just gestured for me to go outside and flag one down. He then realized his mistake and went out and flagged a cab. I gave him a couple of bucks as reinforcement).The NEIGHBORHOOD is the real problem. The street people are ubiquitous and the streets are filthy. In the evening there was the necessity of security checking our room keys before they'd let us beyond the front door. The restrooms off the lobby and mezzanine are keyed to your room (a reasonable precaution here) and for whatever reason, our keys did not work.I wouldn't stay there again mainly because of the unpleasant location. It's an old hotel struggling to stay in business, as far as I can see.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	4	3	1	

<Author>two_tees
<Content>Was OK My intial impression of the hotel was, yeah it looks nice. It's got a nice old feel to it (classic). Checking in seemed easy enough although the workers didn't seemed phased arguing and growling over customers in front of me (to each other). The two doorsmen didn't seem to like each other at all, and seemed to keep away from each other ... I could hear a bit of bickering on the other ear...The hallway was nice and grand (to our room) - big ceilings but the carpet needed some changing though. We got a queen size room facing the back of the hotel so we thought it would be quiet. Unfortuantely this was not so, there was noise every night we were there and were awoken in the middle of the hours. This made for uncomfrotable sleeping. It became apparent that there were either delivery trucks or garbage trucks who had people who seemed to takre delight in making lots and lots of noise. The room itself was ok however did smell (air freshener??) when we entered and had to open all windows as it was that bad.... but after a while it cleared up. The beds were a bit uncomfortable, the seemed to dip in the middle - my advise if that if you are a couple and could part for a few days then I would opt for a twin room so you don't bump into each other during the night.On the plus side the hotel is in a great position - you can catch the train directly to civic center station and you're there. There is a Bart/Muni outside the door, and you could go downtown and to castro easily. We did feel a little uncomfortable walking downtown because of all the homeless people around, and near the hotel, so we opted to take public transport all the time (from outside the hotel)...  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WomanfromOz
<Content>Try Elsewhere first Location was OK, but I would have preferred to have stayed in down near the centre of town. I was actually quite uncomfortable and daunted by the number of homeless throughout the area, particularly when I was out walking on my own. It was ok if you wanted to jump on the tram across the road, but if you wanted to walk the few blocks, it was very uncomfortable.The staff have to deal with an antiquated check-in system, so if you just wanted to ask a simple question it took up to 20 mins!The staff were not so helpful to us when the hotel lost a package, and ended up having to appeal to the hotel manager to assist, which he finally did so on the last day of our stay. However the loss of the bag caused us not to enjoy our stay as much as we could have.The room was big enough and clean and comfortable. Tea and coffee in the room would have been appreciated too.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Al-Burj
<Content>Wow! Great hotel, great location for transportation, but it is San Fran!       Hall of History  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>domida
<Content>Fair location but a bit oldfashioned The Whitcomb is an old fashioned Grand Hotel. It would be necessary that they renovate the rooms, because ours had a smell reminding us of recent centuries. A great benefit is Starbucks locatet in the hotel, all public transport stoppin in front and Sam's Diner across the street, where we got breakfast. Unfortunately the Civic Center District is Home for the Homeless People, but, in fact, they do not disturb if you can ignore their demand for change. Due to the Public Transport Stop in front, you can reach every spot in SFO easily. We bought a 3 Day-Pass and had no need to move our car, which was securely parked at The Whitcomb. The price of 28$ is acceptable in this Town. Worth to mention was the small, but well equipped gym and the very friendly staff!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>IBCP
<Content>Great Old Classic My Girlfriend and I stayed at the Whitcomb 5-17  5-18 for a long weekend getaway to San Francisco. I read through allot of Trip Advisor reviews of the Whitcomb and they all seemed pretty positive so I thought we would give the Whitcomb a try. What a great decision that was! We upgraded to a King size bed and the room was good size with very tall ceilings which made the room feel very big. The room was well appointed with new carpeting, dressers and side tables. The bathroom was good size with a full size Tub/Shower. The bathroom was clean but worn with age. This was probably the only sign we were in a Hotel that opened in 1916! Every floor has a room with an Ice Machine and Vending Machines for Sodas  Snacks. The Gentleman working the Concierge's Desk on Sunday evening was very helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations.As for the location of the Whitcomb it really can't be beat. No need for a car if you are staying at the Whitcomb. Just get yourself a Muni pass (3 day pass only $18.00) and you have transportation to all over the city just 20 feet to the right of the Hotel entrance (Underground Muni  Bart station). Also, The F Line runs directly in front of the Hotel which is a cable line of restored vintage Cable Cars that will take you all the way to Fisherman's Wharf. The Muni pass will also cover the F Line. As for the street people yes they are an eyesore but you will see them all over Downtown San Francisco.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>alwaysbetraveling
<Content>Don't Stay Here Ever (no matter how cheap it is!)       original room - dark and dusty  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>nmack
<Content>Excellent Staff My stay at the Whitcomb was extremely enjoyable. From the front desk staff at check-in to the concierge and doorstaff and especially the housekeeping staff, all were very hospitable and friendly. I was always greeted with a smile and a good morning or afternoon by all the staff I encountered throughout my stay. It was a pleasure to stay there, and made me feel like a true GUEST rather than just renting a room in a hotel. My compliments go out to all management and staff at the Whitcomb. Keep up the good work. Thank-you for making me feel welcome!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wenzerwizard
<Content>Terrific Value  Hotel has BART and buses directly in front of hotel for easy access anywhere. Although it's an older hotel, it is well appointed, quiet and very clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. We always stay at the Whitcomb when we are in town, usually twice a year.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canyoneerFairfax_CA
<Content>A grand old SF hotel Yes, the Whitcomb is on the edge of a seedy area, but it's still a grand old SF hotel, and it's well-maintained. Everyone there treated me very well during my stay, and my room was spick-and-span. The front desk pointed out that a trolly (not to mention buses) runs right by the door, so I didn't have to spend any more time on the street than I wanted to. In fact, I walked back down Market to the art opening that I was in town for at 1:30 am and encountered no trouble. There were more other pedestrians around than homeless people, and I never felt threatened in the least.My bed and pillow were actually very comfortable, and the room was elegant. I guess the only thing that I could complain about is that the toilet wanted to keep running, which can waste a lot of water over time. I opened up the tank and adjusted it, but they should have their maids report such things to them. I would recommend the Whitcomb to anyone, and I look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The_OvenMan
<Content>Hiding in Plain Sight on Market Street I have stayed a few times at the Hotel Whitcomb, including back when the property was affiliated with Ramada. I don't think you'll beat the price for the location or for the amenities. In fact, when you enter the lobby for the first time you'll probably think you've stepped into the wrong hotel as the looks like what one might expect in a hotel costing two or three times as much! Rooms seem like they can vary a bit in design (especially the bathrooms) but that's what I would expect in a one hundred year old hotel. I have had huge walk-in closets, a pleasant surprise that I wouldn't really expect in any hotel. The staff has always treated me well. My requested room was not available on my last check-in (queen-sized bed) but Rudolpho (sp?) suggested that I switch the next day if I didn't like the twin beds. So I did, and switching was no problem. Access to public transportation couldn't be more convenient: if you take the correct exit from the Civic Center BART/MUNI station, it will put you on Market Street directly in front of the hotel. Very simple to take BART from the airport to the hotel. The negatives: the neighborhood isn't the greatest for walking especially at night, but the bad spots (e.g. Market  6th) are easily avoided. Parking is expensive but if you really feel you need to have a car, you probably shouldn't be staying at a hotel on Market Street in the heart of San Francisco!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>son_hoang
<Content>Fair price, good value I came to SF for a short trip and booked Hotel Whitcomb on Priceline. I was very pleased with the experience given its proximity to everything. In fact, the BART/MUNI train station is right in front of the hotel entrance. For a 2.5 star hotel, the room was clean and the bedding material was very soft and comfortable. The full sized towels were fluffy and soft. My room faced the street but I could not hear the street noise except for those from emergency vehicles.Every staff I encountered at the hotel--from the front desk, concierge, to the bell boy  room attendants--were extremely nice and helpful. My only complaint is that the hotel's wireless internet service is really spotty. While I could connect fully to the hotel's WiFi in the lobby, I could only rarely able to get internet connection in my room.I would definitely stay at this hotel again if the price is right.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nadeen_8
<Content>Hotel Whitcomb PERFECT I would deninitely recommend The Whitcomb for anyone who would like to tour San Fran! The staff was friendly and helpful and the location was perfect very central and close to everything. There is the muni just outside your doors and the rail car runs right by there. The rooms were a bit tiny but who wants to be in the rooms when there is a whole city to explore out there.The decor is charming (old historic hotel) and it was CLEAN! I would suggest this hotel to my friends and family so that should give you an idea of how wonderful our stay at The Whitcomb was :)  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pandora_haze
<Content>It's an ok place I stayed at the Whitcomb last night on a reservation I made for $59 +tax on Hotwire. I had to call the hotel to find their parking, but the woman at the desk gave me clear and accurate directions and I was able to find it right after hanging up with her. It was $28, which is pretty expensive to me, but honestly, that's San Francisco...parking here is an expensive luxury.There was a parking lot next door advertising overnight parking for $15 but it didn't look very secure to me at all, so I went with the hotel parking. The lobby was beautiful, and had a lot of historical charm (also like the Starbucks in the lobby), and the women at the front desk were polite. After about a 7 minute wait to check in, I headed to my room. It was about average size, but the age of the hotel was apparent in the faded carpeting and worn bathroom fixtures. The bathroom has definitely seen better days, but it was clean. This place could definitely benifit from a rennovation. The bed was pretty firm, but tolerable. There was a lot of noise in the hallway during the night- people talking/laughing, using the ice machine next to my room, and the thin walls didn't do much to dampen the noise. As for the neighborhood, I wouldn't reccommend walking around there alone at night, but earlier in the evening, it was pretty well travelled by tourists and people heading to the clubs, so it wasn't so bad, if you can ignore the homeless people asking you to buy them alcohol. The hotel itself had security in the lobby, and I felt perfectly safe staying there.I know this sounds like a bad review, but there were some positives to the hotel. It was kind of cool to stay in a historical building, and there were a lot of really nice people staying there. Would I stay here again? Probably, if I was in town on a budget. But if you are expecting a fancy chain hotel, then you probably won't care for it. Overall, I think it was worth the price I paid for it.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SanDiegoCalgirl
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at this hotel over the weekend and thought that it was a great hotel, especially for the price ($99/night). We took the advice of other travelers and booked a king-size bed for a little bit more room. I knew it was on Market (a very busy street in downtown SF) so I asked for a quiet room and was never troubled by street noise. It is an old hotel (built in 1908) and a bit worn, but it was very clean and the lobby was beautiful. The Starbucks in the lobby is very handy. The chairs and bed in the room were clean and very comfortable (I am picky about my beds) and I had no trouble sleeping (I am also a light sleeper). The maid service was great--no missing towels, shampoo, etc. during our stay. The immediate neighborhood is fine, but it is on the edge of the rundown area in downtown (it is only ~3 blocks long on Market). We had no problems and even ate one night in this very old area. You're going to see homeless people begging no matter where you go in downtown SF. The hotel is right across the street from the beautiful downtown public library and 2 blocks from city hall. A few blocks east is the giant Westfield SF shopping mall, which has a Bristol Farms grocery/ready-made-takeout market, a food court, restaurants, etc. This hotel is in a wonderful location, right in the heart of the city, with all public transportation available right outside. We took BART from the airport -- it stops right in front of the hotel (http://www.bart.gov). Just make sure you take the right exit to the street (there are 3 different ones) or you might have to walk a block. We went all over SF -- Golden Gate park, Fisherman's Wharf, etc., all on public transportation (also right outside the hotel) and never had to wait more than 10 minutes. Driving a car in SF is an exercise in frustration (you never find any parking) and parking overnight is expensive ($28/night at the hotel), so take the public transportation (http://www.sfmta.com/cms/mfares/passports.htm).  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>catkins522
<Content>Histortic hotel in San Francisco       ATT Park  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Elley24
<Content>Mediocre Hotel My stay at Hotel Whitcomb was whatever. The room was a bit tiny, but I didn't mind because the price I got through hotwire.com was reasonable. However, the toilet kept making a short flushing sound in a one minute interval. I don't know whether it was just my room (room # 732) or if all the other rooms' toilets were making that sound. I didn't complain because I was mostly out during the day and too tired at night to complain. If you're someone who gets annoyed with periodic sounds, then you should be cautious about their toilets. It was nice that Hotel Whitcomb offered free wireless internet. However, the hotel staff seem not to know how to use it. The front desk person told me to call the hotel operator. The hotel operator told me only about half of the information I needed to use the internet. I told her that she needed to tell me the wireless network of Hotel Whitcomb but she just transferred me over to the hotel's wireless company. Little did I know that the hotel was charging me for long distance call by transferring me over to their internet service company. I will save you the money and trouble by telling you that this hotel's wireless network is wanderingwi-fi. The hotel operator will tell you the username and the password. Connecting to wanderingwi-fi will take you to a page with a blank spot for email and a blank spot for password. Even though the username is not remotely close to an email address put the username in that spot and the password in the password spot. I had a difficult time communicating with the front desk person. He had a thick accent and talked really fast. Honestly confused, I had to keep asking him to repeat what he just said. I think he took it personally because he was a bit rude when he repeated. Later on that day, I saw him and another customer having a rough time communicating. Oh well. Overall, the hotel was okay. The wireless internet was a plus and the location was a plus. I liked the down-feathered blanket here rather than the thin sheeted blankets other hotels offer. The other reviewers complain about the unsafe location of this hotel but I honestly feel like if you want to stay in the heart of San Francisco, you have to cope with the ghettoness of this hotel's location. You can't avoid it.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>nat_ref
<Content>Grand Lobby, munchkin rooms Bid for a three star on Hotwire, was given an old lady with lots of make up. The lobby is truly amazing but the shine falls of the apple quickly. Got a 14 by 16 room with 2 double beds, a 3 by 5 closet and 3 by 8 bathroom including a stall shower, a sink and no counter space. The bath room will not accomodate more than one person at a time and that is with the door open. Four very worn power outlets that you have to spread your plugs for to make contact. Television has a blizzard on all 15 channels. Two of the four elevators are locked in the basement at 8 PM. $28.00 per day for parking Carpet is threadbare and the cockroach in bed with me was a bit much. I don't care if this IS a historic building, it is now a 1 star masquerading as a real hotel. Oh yes...do not leave the hotel after dark unless you are 6-5 and carry a Glock. Otherwise I had a great stay.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ChicagoBobo
<Content>Great Boutique hotel, but front desk could move faster This is a gorgeous historic hotel that is clean, charming, well-maintained, and is simply overabundant with character. It is well worth the value of booking online with discounts. It took a little longer than it should have to check in and out because a number of the guests spend far too much time squabbling over charges at the front desk when checking out. I pre-paid on hotwire and did not have any additional charges, so I wish there was a way to expedite my process (perhaps more staff at the desk or clearer explanations of charges - though I think this was the guests problem, not the hotel). I also read really good reviews of the restaurant online, but having had two dishes there, I cannot see how it is anything but average or worse. I may have gotten it on a bad day.Overall, this is an incredible value and a beautiful place to stay with a wonderful historic feel. I cannot recommend it enough. The neighborhood is a little interesting but the BART is literally outside the door, as are buses and cabs in SF are reasonable.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	2	-1	2	

<Author>malley95501
<Content>Old world charm My 11 yr old and I stayed here for 4 days in March. I picked it for the location, BART station right outside the door, and the reviews here.The lobby is very grand, and is like stepping back in time. The revolving front door is a big hit with an 11 yr old too.The rooms are clean and linens fresh and beds very comfy. The rooms are a bit small but then again, we came to visit the city and sights and spent very little time there other than to sleep.Although we encountered a few homeless people, I never felt threatened or unsafe. After hours you must show your room card to the doorman which is a nice added safety factor.The Internet is a bit sketchy and I found it to work best over by the window rather than at the desk. The staff is very gracious and helpful. We checked in a few hours early with no problems.I will stay here again as we like to fly down for the weekend and go to the Giants games. Thanks for the lovely stay.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>bhel
<Content>Great Hotel Whitcomb The hotel is well managed. The rooms are clean, spacious and cozy. The newly refurbished bathroom is a joy to shower in. The manager and staff offers great assistance to visitors. But no coffee or tea in rooms, unless you request for it. Will visit again when next travel in the region. Thanks a lot.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gpro22
<Content>Do Not Stay Here I really ever write reviews, but had to for this hotel. First the rooms are tiny, and the bathrooms, well good luck if more than one person needs to get ready in there. Parking - they do not inform you that you will be paying betwen 30-40 a night for valet parking...and it takes forever to get your car. I had no idea I was being charged until I checked my bank statement this morining and had a 32.00 charge. I was only there about 15 hours. Further, the rooms have a musty smell, and you better bring drinks because the tap water is terrible and the vending machine was out of water and juice. The good things: Nice staff, beautiful lobby. Unless you plan on staying in the lobby, I would NOT reccomend staying here.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rockrcub
<Content>Great Weeklong Stay at the Whitcomb Booked a vacation package through Expedia...got a great rate for a week long stay at the end of March. Standard room with queen bed on the fifth floor had plenty of room for me and the bathroom was a good size too. Everything was very clean upon arrival and the housekeeping staff did a great job of keeping my room clean and fresh. Never heard my neighbors and kept the window open most nights and there was very little street noise. Street car, Muni Subway, BART, and many bus lines are just right outside the door...making it very easy to get around. Can easily walk to all the bars and nightlife on Folsom and Harrison Streets...cheap cab ride to spots in the Castro and the Mission. Great ethnic food all around...just get out and walk up Larkin or Jones. If you are not used to a more urban environment that involves characters of all kinds...you might want to stay near the Marina or Fisherman's Wharf. If you are coming to San Francisco to experience great theater, nightlife, restaurants, and shopping...the Whitcomb is perfect. I've stayed elsewhere in San Francisco and have paid alot more and felt pretty neutral about those accomodations. I highly recommend the Whitcomb for younger and gay vacationers.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>NoitNoit
<Content>Lovely The hotel is old, rooms are small, but it is truly lovely and full of atmosphere - nothing like the new generic chain hotels.The staff was helpful and nice, and the location - although a bit problematic at night - was overall excellent, within walking distance to almost every main tourist location, and with public transportation right outside.I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews here, but I found the hotel well run and reliable. Highly recommended to those of a limited budget.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>DWinATL
<Content>Location Location Location I booked a room at the Hotel Whitcomb for five nights for a visit with family and friends. I booked their least expensive rate, their smallest room, because I'm on a pretty rigid budget. But it was just going to be me in the room and I just wanted a clean, secure room with a bed and a shower! The rate I booked was comparable to nearby one star motels, so I felt that I got a real bargain.And that feeling was absolutely justified. As mentioned in other reviews, the lobby is old and grand - there is a feel of a little shabbiness in some public spaces (the elevator interiors are in rough shape, as is some of the hallway carpet), but overall pleasing. The restaurant is nice looking and the workout room is a very nice little facility.And my cheap room, the smallest in the hotel? Well, they were all occupied by the time I checked in, so I was upgraded to a double / double on Market Street with a view of City Hall - and a bathroom with a window!The furnishings were nice - and the bed linens are newly appointed, crisp and clean and very comfortable. The other furnishings were nice, with an old style feel, but they're modern reproductions and in good shape. A very comfortable room with wonderful high ceilings  very nice spa soaps  shampoo. And considering I booked their rock-bottom rate, it was a great bargain.I know other visitors have expressed concerns about the neighborhood, but the homeless on the streets are outside all the Union Square hotels and downtown hotels too - so you can pay twice as much for a chain hotel and still have the same complaints about the homelessness. This is San Francisco, and it's a reality of the City. As an SF native, I guess I don't even notice it. I walked at night to clubs South of Market and back again in the early hours and didn't feel at all insecure.And when I needed to take BART or Muni Metro, the entrance is literally outside the hotel door! Couldn't be more convenient.Quirks of the hotel? As with any older hotel, there are not nearly enough electrical outlets. And for some reason they don't have coffee makers in the rooms - almost a given these days with even the most basic motel. Perhaps it's to drive business to the convenient Starbuck's in the lobby.I'm going to make this hotel my hotel of choice from now on - as a San Francisco native I get back every few months to visit, and this hotel can't be beat.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CentaurNC
<Content>We Liked the Whitcomb After reading reviews on TA we booked the hotel through Travelocity. Overall, the hotel was nice. The location was central and could not have been better! We loved walking out the door and being able to hop on the F-Train or the MUNI [subway]. It was a short and nice walk to Union Square and many other touristy areas.The only real complaints we had were the THIN walls...every sound from the neighbors was audible. We slept with the door closed in the bathroom and let the fan run all night to cover the sound. It worked well. The only other thing [and it is minor] was that the concierge would not print our boarding passes and we had to use a pay-terminal in the internet lounge. The staff was helpful and the front desk staff was willing to answer questions and point us in the right direction. We would book here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>shooting_star32
<Content>Unimpressive hotel, awful neighborhood Before booking a room at the Hotel Whitcomb, ask yourself one simple question - why?The only reason I can see someone choosing this particular hotel is price. Once certainly wouldn't choose this property for location, amenities, etc. Apart from being reasonably priced (for San Francisco), it had nothing else going for it.The hotel itself isn't particularly awful - the lobby is quite nice. However the rooms are tiny with high ceilings which don't quite manage to compensate. The onsite restaurant is convenient, but seriously overpriced for the quality of the food.The front desk staff were rude and abrupt when my fiance and I went to check in. However, the worst thing about this hotel is the neighborhood. Market Street is a peculiar place. It's as though there's some invisible curtain dividing Market Street, centred along the intersection of Market and Powell. After Powell, you find yourself in the financial district - there's a Four Seasons, various designer shops, and high end eateries.Cross over Powell toward Civic Center (where the Whitcomb is located), and it all changes. The high end eateries are replaced with pawn shops and liquor stores. Most unnerving are the people - before my trip, I had a mental image of one or two homeless people sitting against buildings, begging for spare change. No - on Market Street they stumble drunkenly down the street, urine streams trailing down the sidewalk in the middle of the afternoon. At night, groups of down-and outs slur their words while screaming out obscenities at each other. That is, if they haven't passed out face down in a trash can.Perhaps the most notable moment was a few blocks futher down, outside Market Street's Warfield Theatre. I had just attended a concert there, and fans had lined up to see the talent leave the stage door. Two uniformed police pulled up, seemingly shocked at a group of clean-cut under 30s waiting around this area after dark. We were told the area is - and I quote - the arm pit of San Francisco - and that while we probably shouldn't be there in the first place, we might be okay if we stick to Market Street itself and don't venture beyond that particular main road.The area surrounding the Whitcomb has become known as the Tenderloin to locals - ostensibly due to the fact that officers patrolling the area were at one time paid more because of the added risk, and could thus afford to dine on tenderloin. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenderloin%2C_San_Francisco%2C_California)To the Whitcomb's credit, they take reasonable security measures; after dark, you cannot access the elevators unless you prove to a uniformed security guard that you do indeed have a room key in your posession.In summary - if you're thinking of booking here, evaluate why. If it's location, I'd recommend choosing another property further up Market Street, within the Financial District. If it's cost, you will likely be happy with the low room prices. Just be aware of what you're getting into with the surrounding neighborhood.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>mattncsu1
<Content>whitcomb was great It was a great stay. They upgraded us to a suite, so lots of room. Clean room and bathroom. Location was great for a couple that did not know any thing about getting around the city. There is a BART stop right outside the front door. The staff was great about questions that we had about the city and made good food recs.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ycsomarv69
<Content>Unique and Amazing We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb in late March. I picked the hotel because it appeared unique and had history. We booked our room directly with the hotel via phone and only paid about $80 a night for a king size bed. This was our first trip to SF and I wanted it to be perfect and memorable since I would be proposing to my partner on this trip. It was amazing. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel decor is amazing from the lobby all the way to the rooms. I can't say enough about how nice the hotel was. There were a few things about the hotel that could be improved however it is around 100 years old and some of age is what makes it so memorable and different than all the other hotel chains. When we booked our room I did it over the phone because I wanted to find a smoking room. They advised they had two out of there over 400 rooms and told me on 3 occasions that I could get a smoking room. When I arrived that was not the case and I was told they did not have any. Not a big deal but was slightly disappointed in the mis information. But after I checked in and was able to take in the beauty of the hotel I forgot about the whole smoking issue and enjoyed it just the same. (Actually we smoked less because of it). If I had to list the worst thing about the hotel I would have to say the water saving shower heads. If I had only one suggestion to make to the hotel it would be to reconsider the shower heads as there are many other water saver heads out there. Just a thought! We drove to SF and used the valet parking where we left our car without worry for 4 days. I don't suggest trying to drive in this city unless you know it well and at $28 a day to park and the public tranportation right out the front door of the hotel there is no need to drive. The public transportation is affordable at a $1.50 for most. If you go make sure to try the Hotel resturant. It is top notch and I had a perfect experience. You should also look up Incredible Adventures for a tour of the Muir Woods and Wine Country. Affordable and completely enjoyable. In conclusion, this hotel is a +4star hotel at a -3star price. You will not be disappointed and since my partner said yes we will either be going back for our honeymoon or maybe even plan our wedding there. Either way, I will definately stay at this hotel again and after my experience there I think any other hotel would be a let down.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>rictheater
<Content>Exceeded my expectations I was in town on business and the host company booked my room here. Have been to SF many times and stayed in about a dozen different hotels there over the years. TA reviews of Whitcomb were mixed, so I was a bit concerned. But every part of my experience exceeded my expectations.A large group was checking in, so I went to the bellman and checked a bag so I could spend a couple of hours enjoying the glorious sunny afternoon I arrived. He was friendly and helpful. The concierge was friendly and helpful. When I checked in later, the front desk staff was also friendly  helpful.City rooms in old hotels are often tiny, but this one was adequate--queen bed, table with two easy chairs and a desk and chair. Bathroom was very small with staff shower, but everything was exceptionally clean. Furnishings looked like they were fairly new, nice curtains and wallpaper and art on the walls.Returning from the theatre, found the bar closing ( a bit too early on a Friday night!) but the security guard/doorman referred us to a bar two blocks away -- a good suggestion and very friendly.Starbucks convenient in the building.It was just a quick stay, but the place appeared very well maintained for a historic hotel. It does border a neighborhood with quite a few homeless on the street, but I found many homeless everywhere in SF along the whole Market Street corridor during this visit--more than I've seen before. I did not fee this was an unsafe neighborhood, and the locals who went to the bar with me said it was not.The room rate was, I believe $75, which is a bargain for SF--may have been a special rate for the business that booked me. But it is not in the hear of the tourist district where rooms are at least double that rate. However, it's only a 15 minute walk to Union Square or you can take BART -- there's a station right out front of the hotel.I will probably stay here again.I had a room near the back and there was some early morning noise by workers attending the garage of the nearby office building, but SF is a big city and such noises are to be expected.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>suward
<Content>Highly recommend Hotel Whitcomb! You've heard the term I left my heart in San Francisco well I left my heart in Hotel Whitcomb.... in San Francisco. As soon as I set foot through the lobby doors, I was impressed by its beautiful decor. The staff is SO friendly and helpful, yeah I know they're supposed to be friendly and helpful - its the hospitality industry...but this was different...I am a young single female traveller who often travels alone - I'm still new to all this traveling stuff so I'm still learning the ropes and the 'do's and don'ts'. Safety is always a concern for me and when the going gets tough I usually pack up and go home. Well, the going got tough and this time I couldn't go home (i'm on a multi destination city trip) . For whatever maybe the reason, my point is that at the height of my stress, the hotel staff and management looked after me and ensured that my problems were solved; they were polite, attentive, compassionate, professional and where they couldn't help - they ensured that I was comfortable. I'm not just talking about front desk but, also maid service (this one lady was really cool I wish I got her name), bell service - Yan, Mark in accounting - credit card problems - right up to the Hotel Manager, Khazi.Providing good service is the job of a hotel and its staff, providing excellent service is what makes a hotel and its staff exceptional, a hotel becomes exceptional by the way they handle emergencies and Hotel Whitcomb did just that! I highly recommend this hotel not only for its comfortable bouncy beds, free internet services, beautiful decor at an affordable price- I'm recommending it for the staff services. But don't take my word for it - I encourage you to book a room and find out for yourself!Thank you Hotel Whitcomb!!!Cheers,Susannah  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fiuchris
<Content>Great Hotel at a Great Price We got a great deal on this hotel through Orbitz once we decided to go to San Francisco. At first I was worried that we had booked too quickly and maybe should consider other options, but my partner convinced me to keep our original plans. I was very glad that we stayed at the Whitcomb!The location is great transit-wise - it is on the F-Line (historic streetcars) and is directly above the Civic Center Station of BART and MUNI Metro. It is also within walking distance of downtown and the financial district - it's not a short walk, but is enjoyable. I never felt unsafe at or around the hotel, and the hotel had great security. That said, it is close to the Tenderloin area so I would recommend taking the same precautions one would take in any large city, especially after dark. There are also many homeless people, although no more than other big cities.Our flight came in very early and the staff was friendly and worked with us to let us check in at around noon, well before the posted time of 3pm. In addition, they were quick to fix a broken light in our restroom.The rooms were actually larger than I expected given what we paid (less than $80/night) and the location. Our room faced Market St. and we did hear sirens and the streetcars rumble by, but did not have any problems falling asleep.The Starbucks in the lobby was great for our early mornings!I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again when I return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>ozzrod1
<Content>Hotel from Hell... When we got to the hotel we didn't know where to park, turns out that you have to pay for parking on top of having your car behind the hotel inside an alley way. As we continued the staff inside seemed very nice. The food was amazing! but the walls!?!?! were thin!! You can not sleep. If you are a light sleeper then I do not recomend! I am a heavy sleeper and I still woke up! there were very loud people that checked in and the hotel security did nothing about it when they were called. You can hear the ice machine working a mile away, the rooms are very small, no lock on the bathroom doors! WTF??? You have to pay for everything even internet downstairs. Just take your laptop. This is really not a good place to stay. I also read reviews and didn't listen i should have paid 100 bucks more it would have been worth it!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mandolin01
<Content>Friendly staff and affordable! The grandness of the hotel stops at the lobby (beautiful woodwork and old world charm.) The hallway leading to rooms has a funky smell ( combination hospital and restaurant smell. ) The carpet in the hallway sure needs to be steamed-clean (it is obviously dirty and could be the reason for the odor.) The room is small. I will not recommend it for guests with children, but it will get the job done for a couple who will spend most of their time outside. The bathroom is clean, but needs updating and some repairs. The sink area is tiny and really has no space to store your own toiletry stuff. The location is fine. It is very close to the post office, pharmacy, UPS store and a small diner across the street. The BART station, electric trolley or bus stop is right outside the hotel (very convenient feature.) You will not need a car to stroll around the city. The beggars and/or homeless are all over Market street and basically pose no harm - annoying, yes, but harmless in my eyes. It may be intimidating for folks who are from small towns, but, the scene is what I would expect from any big cities.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Kudos to the concierge who spent time answering our questions and provided us with materials we needed with a smile on her face. I can't really comment on the promptness of the front desk service, no other customers were around when we checked in.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for its central location and price, just don't expect Four Seasons or Ritz accommodations.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>SRNmama
<Content>A Pleasant Stay at Hotel Whitcomb My husband and I stayed at Hotel Whitcomb while we visited our daughter who lives in San Francisco. When we first walked into the Whitcomb we were taken aback by the beautiful lobby with it's original historic charm. The staff was friendly and prompt and breakfast as the restaurant was excellent. Now, I am a very light sleeper and quite picky about where I sleep. I usually have the worst time sleeping in uncomfortable hotel beds but this was not the case with Hotel Whitcomb. The beds as well as the pillows were very comfortable. Overall our experience at Hotel Whitcomb was very pleasant and we would stay there again. The only con would be the road noise if your room faces the front of the hotel but that is to be expected when staying in the city.Having Starbucks right down stairs was also a perk!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeffreyk951
<Content>Old hotel, small rooms, sketchy neighbourhood We stayed for 4 nights, for a conference at the Moscone. The hotel itself is old. It is nearly 100 years old from what I gather. It has been renovated and at one time was probably one of the cities nicer hotels. It is close to the Moscone center (10 min walk), and the BART (subway) is no more than 20 feet from the main entrance. Street cars pass directly in front of the building.The neighbourhood, is the major downside to the hotel. From what I can gather, it is one of the lower income neighbourhoods. There are many homeless and mentally ill people wandering there during the night and day. I came across 1-2 beggars who actively asked for money. Nothing threatening but it just gives you an idea for the neighbourhood. Someone had written that their baggage was stolen -- I can see that happening. Many homeless going throught the garbage and trying to sell stuff (CDs, DVDs, cell phones etc that may have been stolen). There are constantly sirens and traffic noise around.Parking is $23 a day (Valet only). The lot attendants were friendly enough but were a little hard on the cars from what I could see. (accelerating hard, jamming the brakes etc.) But they are there 24 hours a day so they watch the cars.The entrance and lobby are quite nice -- marble and granite. Wood support beams and plenty of brass. Service was pleasant and fast. There free wireless internet (slow) throughout the building and a business center with 4-5 computers. There is a Starbucks and a restaurant (pretty good but expensive).In the evenings there are several staff acting as security checking people as they come in. Inside, I felt safe.The hallways are huge and old. 12 foot ceilings with crystal chandeliers (it was quite dark). There are big mirrors at the ends of the halls that are slightly warped. This gives the place a very old and spooky feel.The rooms are small, old but clean. The bathrooms are a little bigger than those on a cruise ship. I could barely stand in it without touching the door or the sink. It was clean enough and everything worked but it is not modern by any means. Some plugs are 2 prong, so I had to go looking for something compatible with my laptop. There was no safe, although there were a limited number of small safety boxes at the front desk.So all in all, for a conference it is ok. It is a convenient location. If I were female and traveling alone I would not advise this location. Market street in general is fairly seedy, so stay out of this area. I would not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	4	

<Author>The_Boarder_Line
<Content>Classic style at the Whitcomb A discount website got me two weekend nights at the Whitcomb for way cheaper than anyplace else downtown. This might mean I got the worst room in the place - but apart from a blah view (look - a monolithic Holiday Inn!), my room was terrific: clean and comfortable, with little to no street or hallway noise. It wasn't large, but it was cozy, and the tasteful decor  furnishings had The Whitcomb's biggest advantage: Character. The rooms, the hallways, and the inviting lobby all feel old-school grand while still being friendly. The staff was welcoming too.As far as the location, the nearby transit puts many varied attractions within easy reach. Truth be told, some sketchy characters do drift outside the Whitcomb. They're also at the nearby public library and even at well-heeled areas like Union Square. They are not in the hotel. While I wouldn't want to loiter outside or stroll around the block late at night, I never felt unsafe here ... be sensible, stay alert, and enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>vegaspokergods
<Content>the Whitcomb in San Francisco, lavish and location at this price, wow I choose the Whitcomb due to it's great price and location downtown but was very suprised by the beauty of the hotel and the rooms. Its hard to beat the ease of getting to the hotel. BART and MUNI stop right at the front door. I was very tired when I arrived due to flight delays and they managed to get me an early checkin. The Staff was very friendly and the room was nice with a great view of city hall. This was my first time staying at the Whitcomb but not my last as I am coming back in March for a wedding.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>radiacabeza
<Content>Just so-so Entering the halls of the Whitcomb reminded us of the Shining. We were ready for that kid on a trike to come barreling down the hallways. That aside, the hotel itself was just ok. The room had nice, high ceilings which made it seem bigger than it was. The bathroom was a joke, it was about 2.5 feet wide. The shower was just bigger than a teeny closet with very low water pressure. The linens were like sand paper and seemed a little funky.The location is in the heart of hobo-ville but we never had any problems. The security appeared to be checking for room keys. A plus was the proximity to the Bart and Muni. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We will not be returning to the Whitcomb. We were not impressed and it was just a bit too far from the action.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	4	4	3	

<Author>blonde1
<Content>Nice hotel, great service, great price My husband and another couple recently stayed 4 nights on a birthday/business trip at the Whitcomb. Anyone who wants a budget priced hotel, but expects good service and clean accomodations would be very pleased here.The staff was excellent, my friends ordered extra pillows and they were delivered within minutes!!There is a Starbucks adjoining the beautiful lobby, and also a bar and restaurant. Our group would go to the bar in the afternoon and order expresso and sambuca and the staff would have it within minutes!As far as the location being a problem, I have seen many more street people  in Atlanta. Yes, there were a few, but not a problem at all. At night you must show your room key to get in, so they are very security minded. I highly recommend the Whitcomb!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Dmitry_Adov
<Content>My luggage was stolen My luggage was stolen from the room. Hotel stuff did not help me. They asked not to call the police and promised to indemnify for my bags. But eventually I visited police station to get the report for the insurance company. And I did not get any compensation from the hotel. BE CAREFUL.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Jensens
<Content>Just what I expected - great for the $$$ My husband and I were travelling to S.F. to celebrate our 10 year anniversary and needed and inexpensive hotel for the night. Trying to find such a thing in the city isn't easy but the Whitcomb hotel offered just that. The lobby was stunning with marble throughout and wonderfully crafted wood carved ceilings. Our room didn't have quite the charm of the lobby but I wasn't expecting much when I paid $89 for our room compared to $200+ everywhere else. Overall, it was nice and we had a wonderful 10-yr anniversary.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bigglesdaf
<Content>Classic Old American Hotel I have just returned from San Francisco and an enjoyable 6 night stay in The Whitcomb Hotel, I was a little worried at first having read the reviews on here and other sites, however my fears were unfounded, I was checked in by a Russian lady called Olga who not only was friendly but was funny too and instantly put me at ease, she explained about the Hotels services and what was happening in and around the Hotel in the time I was staying, My only prolem was the parking as is a little steep but Parking is San Francisco's 3rd Industry after banking and tourism!!My room not only was clean it was fully modernised and well equipped the cable TV was a god send! Big comfortable bed and even though I was on the front with traffic noise I still slept well.Joined to the hotel is the Florida Garden Restaurant the food was excellent and good value too (Clam Chouder was fantastic) also there is a Starbucks attatched. The local area is suffering a little but I only saw 2 or 3 homeless people my entire stay! Maybe because Hilary Clinton was speaking across the road one night!All in all a good hotel full of history and comfortable and I would gladly stop again and take my family!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ilove2travel43
<Content>Great Timeless Hotel The hotel was like stepping back in time, but in a good way. The hotel's architecture and decor were very tasteful. When travelling a lot, most hotels look the same, however this one will stick out in your memory. The rooms were very nice and huge! Staff were very nice and friendly. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and I will stay again next time I am in San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>paaluz
<Content>Stay for the atmosphere and people It really is too bad this hotel is located where it is, smack in the middle of downtown San Francisco. That means you'll encounter a lot of homless persons, and some of them can be downright rude. I never felt unsafe with the alcoholics and beggars, as I'm used to much worse in Oslo, Norway. But there were a lot of them, that is true.The hotel building is very nice, and has a lot of style. I have travelled a lot in the US, and it is one of the more charing hotels I've seen as for the style. It is nice to stay a place where there is actual history and the staff don't brag about columns dating all the way back to 1970.The biggest asset of this hotel is clearly the staff. They are very friendly and professional. The evening concierge went out of his way to help me find a decent Chinese take out place and provided menus. The front staff were effective and friendly, as were the maids. Unlike other hotels in the US, they actually followed the on the rack, don't take it back rule but left the towels there to be reused.The bath was very small but very clean, much newer than the rest of the room and with nice accessories for soap, shampoo etc. My double queen size room was small, but stylish. Also, something that people often forget, the roof was very tall. This means better air and a more spaceous feeling in the room.After evaluating the neighbourhood during the day and observing at night I walked outside in Market St. and was not harassed by any of the numerous beggars. But I can see how some might feel uncomfortable. No biggie, San Fran has good public communication and they are right outside the hotel door. Very nice.If I have to complain about something, I'd say the hotel room needs new doors. They show their age more than anything else there. Also, they do not provide a lot of noise insulation so there's some noise from the hallway. But I had no general noise problems aside from that. The WiFi was a bit flakey, and the parking was very expensive at $28 per night plus tax. That, however, included unlimited valet.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dskymamma
<Content>Wonderful staff,comfortable beds, great rates, great location I paid with taxes $90 for my petite double room which was not located on the street. My room was EXTREMELY QUITE which is very important to me. The beds were comfortable. The staff is what made my experience wonderful. My friend set off the earthquake sensor in the elevator and four of them got stuck for 45 minutes. The general manager treated all of us to lunch and drinks. Every member of their staff including the maid service was extremely accommodating and very friendly. Pay the extra few bucks for the larger room. The size difference is huge but our room was cozy for my boyfriend and I. We did not need to stay in the room that much. I visit SF a lot and the location is very centrally located for what you want. Buses and the bart take you everywhere right outside your door.The hotel's security is great and i felt very safe. If you are looking for a great price and a charming, quiet, cozy, and friendly place to stay, this is the place for you. I will come back as I am a regular visitor into the city. Oh, and the staff is very laid back as well. They DONT ring your room exactly at noon to get you out. Which I love........  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>stewartFairfaz
<Content>loved the hotel  We chose the Hotel Whitcomb because of its proximity to shopping and entertainment. The hotel is near the San Francisco Shopping Centre a major shopping hub located off of Market Street. Just a short cab ride from the hotel is the Metreon with movie theaters and shopping. My wife and I were thrilled that everything in the area supplied an abundance of thing to do. The hotel itself and the rooms are very nice. One thing is that the rates were very reasonable. All in all our stay was great and we will consider staying there again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aburrito
<Content>very pleasant stay My husband and I spent a weekend in San Francisco and found a great deal through priceline. I decided to book in spite of the bad reviews and we enjoyed every minute in the hotel. Our room was small - but it was furnished with style and taste and everything was in excellent condition. We had a window to 8th street - so there was enough daylight too. The bed was very comfortable , the bathroom ok, the heating and the wireless Internet worked in the room. There was nothing to complain about, check in and check out were fast. Yes, there are some homeless people on the street, but they are nothing of a threat neither did they bother us. After all, the Bart and Muni Station is right in front of the hotel, Market street is busy and it is only a 10-15 minutes walk to Union Square. The Starbucks in the Lobby is an advantage for those who need coffee to wake up.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>xyberq79
<Content>OK for Price This hotel was ok for the price paid. It was downtown close to Union Square and right above the MUNI/BART station so made it very convienent to get to other places. The room was clean however, it was old. If you like historical places you'll be fine. It wasn't modern or anything. The lobby is probably the best part of the hotel. it's very nice... The rooms are ok but looks like your in a haunted hotel from the 1920's. Overall good experience and the hotel will even store your luggage for you if you get there early or if you check out and your flight isn't until that evening and you want to check out more of the city. They will store it for you in the back room.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>KiowaVT
<Content>Great hotel, super rate, at night area is very much city life (good and bad) The neighborhood will scare some, and I expected a low-end hotel due to that and the low rate, but instead got a stellar hotel with great rooms. If the neighborhood is an issue, the subway is about 10 steps from the front doors. Room very very nice. Did not use all the services, but seemed very elegant, and for those who described run down aspects, our room and everything we passed by was in great shape. Great value. Would stay again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>SandiMChapelHill_NC
<Content>Fine for an overnight stay I stayed here one night because I had job interviews in the city the next day. I chose the hotel because of the location - right on Market (a major road), and right in front of the civic center BART station. Getting around was very easy from the hotel. I did arrive around midnight and ended up exiting the BART station a few blocks east of the hotel so I had to walk to get there. There are lots of panhandlers and people roaming around, but no one bothered me. I also felt a strong police presence so I wasn't scared, but certainly wasn't comfortable. Perhaps a taxi would be better for single women arriving alone late at night, just to be perfectly safe. As for the hotel, I stayed in a very junior double room that was tiny but adequate for just me. It would have been too tight for 2 people. The room was clean and had all the necessities. The only weird thing (as others have noted) is that the hallway was painted in a very strange style and yes, I did think of the shining. Other than that this was a perfect hotel for a quick stay. Oh - internet is EXPENSIVE if you don't bring your own computer - $5 for 20 min.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mzjuniebug
<Content>Hotel Whitcomb Worked for Us       Night view of SF City Hall from our room  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>llaggall
<Content>This is San Francisco. I suppose when reading reviews of this place, you need to know where the reviewer is coming from. We're a couple in our early 30s who was looking for a) a good price b) clean rooms c) good location. We definitely got all of the above.I had read a lot of reviews of this place after we had booked. And really though there are many homeless in the neighbourhood, I'm not sure what you'd expect being in such a central location. The location is pretty great seeing that a BART/Muni entrance is right in front. It is within easy walking distance of Union Square and other downtown attractions like the Asian American Art Museum, Yerba Buena Park, SFMOMA, Civic Center etc. It's also very close to the shops in the more recently gentrified Hayes Valley. If you're willing to do a bit more walking, Haight/Ashbury and the Castro are totally accessible. And if you're willing to be adventurous, the Tenderloin is very close. The lobby is quite beautiful, though it is an older place so the furniture is a bit worn. We spent some time in the lobby area, because the WiFi was not accessible in our room. However, I've had this problem in many establishments ranging from Travelodge to Hyatt. The halls have enough lighting and though they do sort of remind me of The Shining(as mentioned by a previous reviewer) I don't think it's a bad thing. The elevators were fine, however we did notice the elevator inspection certificates were expired. We asked for a room with two double beds instead of a single queen and we found we had ample space. The bathroom was clean and we didn't find them too small, though there was really not much of a sink counter. As in most place, the fan could be cleaner as well as the air conditioner in the room. However we didn't use the air conditioner, bec. it was winter. The sheets on one of the beds had a strange stain, but the other bed was fine. We did not have any bed bugs. Of course the sheets weren't as soft as my 600 TC Egyptian cotton from home, but they were no worse than any other hotel sheets. The towels were also standard issue hotel towels.We had a huge closet and the iron and ironing board looked new. The halls do have a bit of a strange smell, though we did not find that to be the case in our room. Overall we got a great price for our room. We stayed there 5 nights and were comfortable. I think you may be able to find a nicer hotel in San Francisco, but not for the same price. And I'm sure that you can do much worse in this price range.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>hallja
<Content>Decent Hotel in a mediocre neighborhood When staying at the Hotel Whitcomb, it is important to understand what you are getting. The hotel has a nice, elegant lobby and a friendly, helpful staff. Apparently, the hotel has been around for almost a century and has a very dated feeling about it. Hallways throughout the hotel are poorly lit, and I kept thinking to myself that it was reminiscent of 'The Shining', particularly when there aren't any other guests in the halls. As for the actual rooms in the hotel, I was somewhat dissapointed. The room I stayed in was a single, queen bed room that had little room to maneuver. The room had a strong smell of disinfectant, that took a while to get used to. On the brightside, the bathroom was in great condition and looked to have been recently remodeled, although it was small and would be suited for a single occupant at a time. It is also worth noting to people who aren't familiar with San Francisco, that this hotel is located in the civic center/ downtown. While this means that the hotel is centrally located, it also means that there are alot of homeless and shady charachters around. Overall, I would reccomend the hotel to someone who enjoys older, atmospheric hotels at a good price (I paid $80 for a one-night Saturday stay). If you prefer a more contemporary hotel with more of a modern atmosphere in the downtown area, I would probably reccomend the Holiday Inn at 1500 Van Ness which is located about 10 blocks north ($125 a night for a single king-bed).  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	1	3	4	4	3	

<Author>punkicee
<Content>Amazing Hotel!!!! The Hotel Whitcomb is an amazing hotel that i would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in a great part of San Francisco. The staff where amazing and very nice. The doorman was very nice and very helpful in getting a taxi. The rooms where small, but for san francisco, where good in size. The maids where very nice and the rooms where always very clean. The hotel is also has a great location being that it is on Market Street which is one of the main streets in San Francisco. There is a Starbucks in the lobby area which is very nice and convinent. The hotel is very nice and okay prici wise. I would recommend this hotel for a small family or couple.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frbill92
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I was looking for a hotel that was conveniently located close to the San Francisco Opera House and chanced upon the Hotel Whitcomb. After reading the Tripadvisor reviews I had my doubts but booked a room because it was the only hotel within walking distance of the Opera House. I was pleasantly surprised. The Hotel was a wonderful choice. The staff was friendly and accommodating and found my traveling companion and myself rooms despite our early arrival. The Whitcomb was clean and welcoming. The guest rooms were spacious and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was small but appeared to be recently remodeled. The windows were large and well lit with natural light. We traveled by cab to the Warf and to the airport, and the bellman was helpful in getting us a cab whenever we wanted one. We ate breakfast in the beautiful dining room and it was very nice and the food was delicious. Granted the area is run down and there were quite a few homeless, but I never felt unsafe--even walking back from the Opera House at 10:30 in the evening. The price was very reasonable for a central city hotel. I would have absolutely no reservations about recommending this hotel to any one visiting San Francisco. It was a delightful stay and unexpected surprise.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Paul&BevWard
<Content>Convenient City Hotel       Hotel Exterior 2  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>patsyManchester
<Content>Hotel fine Booked in this Hotel by United Airlines, as we were on a tour of California through their tour company, we didn't choose it ourselves and after reading all the negative reviews, I was not looking forward to staying there. No need to have worried, room was big, clean, and quiet with a comfortable queen size bed. Bathroom was clean, with nice toiletries, soft towels and plenty of room. Had a large walk in closet, with plenty of room for luggage etc, plus iron and ironing board. Didn't smell and didn't have bed bugs. The Bart was easy to find at the airport and the escalator dropped us off at the Hotel Door. The trams stopped outside the door, it was in easy walking distance of all the shops and Union Square, all in all this Hotel was very well situated. The staff were not a problem, but then again I didn't expect them to grovel to my every need, perhaps this is because I'm English. We ate breakfast at 'Sams Diner' facing the Hotel, and ate our evening meal in the Hotel restaurant, which was very nice. We were not threatened by the Homeless people outside the Hotel, what few there were, We were given the impression that there were loads of them by the comments made on this site. There were homeless people everywhere we went in San Francisco. We also walked about at night without being hassled.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>dntjacks
<Content>Interesting This hotel was absolutely horrible! I always read trip advisor before staying at a hotel. However, considering we were in San Francisco for a cheer competition, we thought it would be in our best interest to stay at the Whitcomb with the rest of our daughters team. I just could not take it! As we checked in , I thought to myself that the hotel did not seem too bad, the lobby was descent. But oh my goodness....when we went upstairs, it was terrible. I never stayed somewhere like this! The rooms and beds were so small, I wondered how my 6'2 husband would fit in these beds. The shower area was just disgusting! And the smell was just undescribable, it sort of smelled like mildew. I literally began to fell nauseated. This hotel needs to go under serious renovations. I do not recommend this place to anyone. We stayed in this room all of 2 hours and went to the Hilton approximately 5 minutes away. The rate was only $20 more a night. Well worth it! The Hotel Whitcomb has given me a new appreciation for nicer hotels. This website is an awesome source for information concerning any hotel.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>popkid
<Content>Very dodgy area We stayed here for a week at end of oct 06, the hotel was ok, had a very spooky feeling about it, might have just been us though. It had really high ceilings and all the halls had really dim lighting, bit of an obssession with mirrors aswell as all the halls and lifts had them everywhere. Also when we turned the shower on in the bathroom you could hear all the water shaking through the pipes like in an old spooky house that hadn't been used for years. The bathroom was really big too, decor was abit outdated but was clean.The area was really dodgy, was probably the worst thing about the hotel, alot of homeless people outside hanging around. My friend who i travelled with smoked outside as we had a non-smoking room and everytime he went out he was harrassed by homeless people for cigarettes and money.Theres a good shopping centre just up the road on Market St, can't remember the name of it though, alot of places to eat too.Was only a short bus/subway trip up to the clubs at castro, we spent halloween in San Francisco and was the best night i've had in a long time, the castro area has a bad name at halloween time because of previous trouble. Halloween night i think 3 people got shot or might have been stabbed, luckily we were nowhere near and didn't see a thing but always good to keep an eye out for trouble and keep well away. Everyone in the city was pretty friendly, a few staff members in the hotel were quite rude, and we weren't happy we had to leave $100 at reception when we checked in, although we did get it back.Overall standard hotel nothing great, but nothing majorly wrong except dodgy area.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>shayde08
<Content>Great hotel and great price! We had a great stay at this hotel! The staff were courteous, location was very central and the rooms were tidy and spacious.We contacted them in advance and told them it was our honeymoon, and they upgraded us for free to a beautiful corner suite with a separate living area and big bedroom. We paid roughly $125 a night including tax.Our bathroom was spacious with a bath and amenities provided. The towels were a little small but that's nothing to complain about!They have a Starbucks downstairs and a decent diner across the road (great for breakfast), plus the bus/tram stops just outside the hotel door so you have ready access to get around.Overall we had a great stay at this hotel - we actually spent a lot of time in the hotel room as we didn't enjoy San Francisco so much (it was very cold and overcast, and not as exciting as we thought it would be!) so we really enjoyed our stay here!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>allopinion
<Content>Disgusting The hotel website is very misleading. This hotel was disgusting. The rooms were tiny, and dirty. Asked for an extra blanket and recieved one with cig burns and dirt on it. The bathtub was stained with a brown grime. Holes in the sheets. Cob webs in the bathroom. Cover to the hairdryer fan was not in place and my daughter caught her hair in it. Turned on the fan and dust came flowing out. Housekeeping did not change sheets and did not even rinse out coffee pot or coffee cups. Did not change towels for second night, they were hung up and still damp. I complained to the front desk and they offered me 60 off a 400 dollar bill. Not happy with that. When my daughter and I returned home we both had weird rashes and were informed by a dr. that we had bed bug bites. I have contacted the BBB and the health department. The hotel manager Mr. Lee seems to find my complaints slightly ammusing and has thus yet given me any concrete yes to a refund. Looks like I will have to go the legal route. Please stay away from this dirty, rude, bug bearing place. The only good thing this place has is Starbucks.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>ChrisJaz
<Content>Interesting, and very interesting. This is a very interesting property. This very old hotel seems like it needs a renovation. The lobby is lovely, and the front desk people were very accommodating and friendly. This one gentleman, tall guy, was very sensitive to our needs and did everything possible to make me at least somewhat pleased with the property. I then realized that it was definitely not the hotel that made my stay good, but the front office person, and the housekeepers. The hotel is hardly intact, I couldn't even find where a staircase was instead of using the creaky elevators. The people running the hotel most definitely need to fix the wireless internet... it barely worked in my room. Luckily the front desk was more than understanding and moved me to a room that worked substantially better. Good thing it was only one night. As a business traveler, I can tell that this place is losing a lot of money on people who travel on business if they cannot keep them coming back with the amenities business people need. I won't stay here again, its a shame but this place really has potential. The front desk people really put the effort in for me to like it but it just wasn't what I was hoping for as a physical hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	5	5	1	

<Author>mystique7
<Content>Okay hotel but not so crazy about the area After reading some of the most recent reviews I have to agree with some of the recent reviews on here but not all.My husband and I stayed at the hotel just a few weeks ago. It was our first visit to San Francisco. First, YES the hotel is showing it's age. A little worn around the edges but quite clean. Other than that it was a pretty decent hotel and we found the staff were quite helpful. Upon arriving to the hotel my husband accidentally lost his wallet and the staff was very accomodating. Yes, the area just outside the hotel is a little seedy. We arrived at nite and I was surprised at how many hopeless people there were in the area. Even the next morning walking down Market Street i didn't feel completely safe although they weren't too aggressive. We were advised as soon as it gets dark not to walk around the area but to take cabs which we did. I'm not sure if I would necessarily stay there again if we went back as I much preferred the area closer to the Westfield Shopping Centre but all in all it was a good experience and my husband even got his wallet back with nothing missing! :)  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Emma257
<Content>would never go back we booked the hotel as it was reasonable and apparently in a good central location. Like others we did not feel safe as soon as we left the hotel, even in the middle of the day. The rooms were not particularly clean and our final night was ruined by the incompetence of the hotel staff. They offered to check us in on line for our flight home but failed to print our boarding cards or seat us together. They did not try to fix the problem and we were left to go on the internet at $5 a go and stay on hold to the airlines helpdesk, the whole episode taking about 2 hours. We also had to get to the airport over 4 hours ahead of our flight to ensure we could get boarding cards and ended up paying a further $110 so that we could sit together. I would not recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>owlsitemember
<Content>Scary... The staff was rude and unaccommodating. The room itself was filthy- vomit on the bed skirt, soda or something spattered on the walls, and towels that felt like gym socks. The room had been smoked in for several decades even though we thought we were getting a non-smoking room when we booked it. All of this was topped off with a midnight shouting match in the hallway. At least security did eventually show up- well after it was over. I wouldn't stay here again under any circumstances. Even if some people seemed to have decent stays don't chance it, this place is a bad joke.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mollieUk
<Content>Not suitable for families We arrived late afternoon with our three children and went out for a wonder in the vicinity-big mistake-the area is very unsavoury after dark and we felt distinctly unsafe and travelled by taxi at night for the rest of our stay This hotel is best suited to business customers-not people like us with children. The rooms were fine-altho there was a mix up with the booking and it took us 45 mins to check in. The prices in the restaurant are more suited to people on expenses-$15 for continental breakfast-but there are cheaper places to eat. Try Mels Diner at junctionof Geary and Van Ness-$7.99 for all day steak and eggs.would not stay here again with children.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>HotPinkLipstick
<Content>Historical Gem ~ Sketchy Area Great old historical place on Market Street....If taking BART from SFO Airport get off @ Civic Center stop and you will be just steps from the hotel. (Round trip to Airport is exactly $10.30).Perfect location if you are going to the beautiful  historical Orpheum Theatre directly across the street...we caught The Color Purple live stage musical (Excellent!) Also only a block or two from city hall.Cool, vintage trolley cars travel up and down Market Street all day.The room was small w/ high ceiling.Front Desk  Concierge were VERY nice  helpful.Starbucks located in lobby.The website says you can ask for a tour of the basement where the old jail was located, however, the manager came out personally and let me know that they cannot actually give the tours any longer because thier insurance does not cover it.Only bad thing about this hotel is there are alot of street people hanging around (especially after dark) hustling you when you walk the streets surrounding the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MinnyBean
<Content>Great and affordable The Whitcomb was a lifesaver. Another local hotel decided to cancel my reservation and they had a vacancy for a very affordable price! I am actually GLAD it turned out this way.Yes, the hotel is a bit older but it is very well maintained with a great and super friendly staff. It feels like a Grand Hotel. Frankly, I don't know what kind of mattress that last reviewer had, but mine was very comfortable - I was quite impressed.The room I got was the petite suite, and the size is smaller than average, but I don't feel enclosed.As for the local area, yes, this isn't Pacific Heights -- and yes, there are a few homeless people. But I don't feel how that presents a danger to me. I never felt threatened once.Last night,I had apparently left my door creekd open. Security knocked on my door at 2:50 am or so to inform me of that and closed the door for me. Although being awoken startled me, I was grateful that the staff was that intuitive that they patrol the hallways at night to make sure all is well.I am happy this all worked out as it did and the next time I am in the Bay Area I will for sure be staying here!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jlea
<Content>Not best part of town I stayed at this hotel for the first time for a business trip. Due to the last minute booking (a week ahead of the trip) most of the hotels in the downtown area were booked. I have been to San Francisco a couple of times before and love the city. However this area of town where the Whitcomb was located was my first visit. This is an older hotel as advertised. But the decor is in need of much needed update. The appearance of the registration area was my first hint at what lay ahead - cracks and marks on the cabinets. The check in attendant was friendly enough. I had a mental thought to ask not to be placed near the elevator and away from heavy traffic. I wish I spoke up because that was where I was placed - and even better - next to the ice machine. The room was small. The mattress was old and uncomfortable. The blanket had stains on it. The bathroom was bearable- but there was trash left in the trash bin which I was surprised to see (you don't need to know what was in there). The tub had marks on the floor but not too scary.As other reviewers have said- outside the hotel there are many homeless people. I walked from downtown to the hotel one day and thought never to do that again. thankfully the BART station was right outside the hotel. I used that the rest of my stay.So overall I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. The rate I paid wasn't that much less than what I think I would have paid at a Hilton or similar chain, had there been availability. I will say that the BART station accessibility and the adjoining Starbucks were good points to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HolPage3
<Content>good location! The Hotel Whitcomb is a good hotel. This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The front desk prompt, conceirge knowledgable and helpful, security is friendly too. The rooms are okay... clean, but need a little update. Bring your earplugs because between the not so soundproof windows and being right in the city it's hard for a light sleeper. The location was good right near civic center BART station so taking it in from the San Francisco Intl' Airport is a breeze(only $5.15) and anywhere else in the city.....this makes renting a car not worth the money! I walked most of the time.This hotel is walking distance to city hall and the bill graham convention center. If you turn right out of the hotel it wasn't such a good area, but when I went left I found cute shops, restaurants and cafe's....wishing in the back of my mind I wish I had more time to try them all. I would stay here again but more for the location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happyme12
<Content>Enjoy The Experiance My name is colin,and my wife,barbara,sister in-law,linda,stayed at the hotel as part of a tour,throughout our stay we where impressed by the friendly staff,nothing was too much trouble for them,they where always happy and cheerfull,even laughed at my corny jokes.The hotel itself was perhaps these days not situated in a perfect location,as there are a lot of homeless people in the area,however they where very polite and respectfull,and these days every city has these poor people on their streets.whilst staying at the hotel,we dined in the restaurant,and we where very pleased with our meal,and once again the service was excellent,the young man who served us was as all the staff very friendly,and joined in with us ,having fun.We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone .  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>izzypops
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel as promised WE were booked into the Whitcomb hotel as part of a package put together by Legendary Journeys. It was advertised by them as a 4 star hotel. Since we had both beeen to S.F. many times ,we askedto have 2 extra nights put on to our stay at the Whitcomb. WE brought the paper work with us showing our prepaid voucher for 4 days. The staff behind the desk was extremly confused about our booking. THey did have us to arrive on the correct date but to leave after 2 days. We had to converse with many people before we were allowed in our room . The staff seemed to be having problems with many other reservations as well. WE finally did get to our room . Extremely small but a confortable bed. The location of the hotel may be good for public transportation. It was not very good when we were walking home at night. Lots of homless people on the street. THe hotels stars have definely faded out of existance. If you can afford to stay somewhere else I would. If we had not been told we were staying in a 4 star hotel we would not have added nights to our stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>SlowSoulKiss
<Content>Ok for 60 bucks (bid your own price) Very convenient location, because many modes of public transportation steps are away from the entrance. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room could use a makeover and the mattress was worn and offered very litte support. The area outside the hotel left something to be desired. The Civic Center area lived up to the reputation of Homeless Central. I was a woman traveling alone and I never felt threatened or bothered (other than the attack on my nose) by the homeless people at any time during the day or night. After I checked out it was shocking to see a very small sign outside the front entrance stating there are cancer causing chemicals located in the building. I think this is something that should be disclosed during the reservation process or displayed at the front desk. I probably wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>foxyq
<Content>Nice Old Hotel with Great Service I stayed at the Whitcomb Hotel at the end of August while I was on business and I am pleased to say that it was great. The front desk staff was very helpful and accommodating to my requests. The staff did everything they could to make me feel welcome. I recommend to this hotel to anyone who likes great customer service, clean rooms, and a great sense of vintage hospitality. I will be back.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MsFog
<Content>Diamond in the rough I wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel, but was delightfully surprised at the elegant interior. Lots of marble and ornate wood in the lobby. The rooms were nicely decorated and clean though the bathrooms are on the small side. Interesting location-- near Civic Center, opera house and live theater ( you can walk to all these)-- plus Bay Area Rapid Transit station right in front of the hotel. Neighborhood is not a nice as the hotel; would call it a bit seedy, but not dangerous. The food was surprisingly good in the hotel restaurant. Not your usual hotel fare. Also the atmosphere in the restaurant was very nice an upscale.  The staff was courteous and seemed eager to help, though I did not give them anything out of the ordinary to do.  It was overall a surprising and very pleasant experience. From the outside you really don't know. It is a diamond in the rough.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Travelbug4991
<Content>Not so much It's easy to say something like, the Whitcomb is a Motel 6 with fancy architecture, but that's somewhat south of unhelpful, so we can put it this way:The hotel staff were rude and very unhelpful. There were a number of accounting errors on our bill, which took a great deal of time and hassle to correct - the front desk staff maintained that We do not offer those prices. Thankfully, we brought a printout of our reservation to prove to them that they in fact, did offer the disputed rate.It a sad and increasingly common feature of the travel industry to make profound cost-cutting efforts and throw up bureaucratic business policies in the hopes that the aggravated traveller will simply give up.To be fair to the Whitcomb, which is more than it deserves, the rooms were quiet and clean. If you're really taken by architecture, have a cup at the Starbucks and enjoy the lobby - but you're not losing a thing by giving the Hotel Whitcomb a miss.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>RoadtripTeacher
<Content>Bring on the Noise and the Homeless My wife and I stayed here for two nights on our way north to Seattle. I had high expectations for a three star hotel. Our room was clean and big enough for the two of us. The hotel is located on Homeless Row (Market Street and 8th). I had been to SF about 7 years back. It seems that the homeless population has multiplied like Gremlins. They were all over. The BART is right outside the door which was great. You definitely don't need a car if you are going to stay in the city. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Cable Car Line. The hotel charged 30 bucks a night for parking. My biggest complaint was the noise. We had a second floor street side room (booked through Hotwire). I live in Houston and am use to noise, but it was constant all night long between the police cars, garbage trucks, homeless and cars. If I had to do it again, I would stay somewhere else to get a good night rest.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaJulie
<Content>Great time at the Hotel Whitcomb We had an excellent stay at the Hotel Whitcomb. Everyone was very accommodating and pleasant. Our room was very nice and comfortable. We had a delicious breakfast in the restaurant -- we did it all!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WindyUpNorth
<Content>Historic Can Be Good! Was delighted when we walked into this hotel - the lobby is lovely - marble, wood, and crystal chandeliers. Very stately and elegant. Found out the hotel was historic- which fits. Elevator cautions about sudden movements and they feel original, rather creaky. Hallways are wide with high ceilings and more chandeliers. The room had the high ceilings and Windows that actually OPEN!! Wonderful. Bathroom even had a window that opened which was a treat. Beds were a bit tired, but the maid said they were getting new ones this year, and we saw some nice ones going into a room. Peaked into the room and it was entirely different from the one we had. Ok, the place is old, and maybe a bit funky, but it is clean and in decent condition. Everyone was friendly and helpful. I'd stay there again. We read the concerns about strolling late at night with the homeless in the area, but we would walk back to the hotel at night, and never felt threatened at all. And, if you don't like the homeless, you really can avoid them completely with the public transportation since the bus and cable cars are right outside the front door. We took BARTto the hotel and back to the airport. It's also right outside the front door and is amazingly simple.The best surprise of all was how good the food at the restaurant was. We always expect hotel food, so usually skip the hotel restaurant. This lady in the elevator said the food was really good, so we tried it. Delicious! and equal in quality to the other restaurants we dined at in San Francisco (known for good eats.) It was better than a famous one I won't mention that was a lot more expensive!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYWOOFR
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Value! I've vacationed in San Francisco at least once a year over the past five years and each time I visit I stay at the Hotel Whitcomb (formerly the Ramada Plaza). The rooms have always been clean, the hotel staff extremely friendly and accommodating, and the amenities are plentiful. Free wireless internet access is available, and even though its a bit slow at times, it's fast enough to surf the web or to keep in touch with family back home. Public transportation is right outside the door to get you to the Castro District, Fishermans Wharf, SFO, or wherever you want to visit. I am staying at the hotel as I write this review and I'm as happy with my stay now as I have been in the past. - RAS  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mandm3
<Content>Okay hotel in a bad neighborhood To begin...the parking was behind the hotel and difficult to find. The lobby of the hotel is nice with marbel and dark wood. The hotel staff was friendly. Our room was in a back corner of a hotel. The hotel room was large and clean, but was dimmly lit and had a musty smell. I attempted to open the window in the bathroom to get some fresh air, and the window pain nearly fell out of the window frame! Although this was a reasonably priced hotel, the location is awful! We didn't realize what the neighborhood was like when we drove to the hotel, but we quickly learned. There are many adult stores nearby, a lot of borded-up store fronts and a lot of homeless. Near the hotel we passed a man in hand cuffs surrounded by at least 6 police officers. Although the hotel itself was fine, I was very happy to leave the hotel due to it's location.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	1	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>bkindler
<Content>great service at the Whitcomb We spent three nights at the Whitcomb last week. We had two events at Davies Hall and the hotel is within easy walking distance. We found the service in both the hotel and the adjoining restaurant to be excellent. The room was clean, comfortable and attractive. Parking was convenient. All in all, a very good stay. We will use the Whitcomb again, especially when going to the symphony or opera.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mamabehave
<Content>Great location minus the homeless My fiance and I traveled to San Francisco for the MLB All-Star Weekend. The Whitcomb was a great hotel for the location. We booked our reservations through Travelocity so I do not know how much the regular rate would have been but we got a fabulous deal. The hotel is in the heart of downtown. Steps away from the BART, MUNI, and trolley cars. We used public transportation the entire time, it was so convenient. We did not eat at the hotel but started our day with Starbucks the is attatched to the hotel. Across the street is a diner that has great breakfast and there is also a Burger King. I was expecting a really small room because the hotel had a boutique feel and it was in the heart of the city. I was very surprised to find a large room with full size bathroom and large closet. It felt like a Bath  Breakfast room. It was very cozy. The only thing we did not like was the city of SF. It seemed dirtier than most larger cities and there was an abundance of homeless in the area of the hotel. They seemed harmless but it did not help our impression of the city. I highly recommend this hotel for the business traveler as well as the family vacationing to SF.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>steven55bobb
<Content>Historic, Comfortable and Delicious Dining Traveling for pleasure to see San Francisco, the Whicomb was in just the right spot. We parked the car and utilized the public transport right outside the front door. (Next time-no car, you can even BART from the airport). The entry of the hotel is striking in marble and crystal-a National Historic Hotel, the staff is welcoming and very accomodating and the wide hallways lead to comfortable well appointed rooms. And then we had dinner. Beautiful presentations, great flavor and more than enough value for the price-more than usually found in a hotel restaurant. Granted, the neighborhood is in a transition-in the upward direction, so a bit of colorful street activity still exists. The perfect place for singles or couples traveling to San Francisco. Also, just a couple of blocks from the Civic Center.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Neeneed
<Content>Checkin wasl SLOW, but Overall , Good experience After reading the reviews, I was very skeptical, but when I arrived, I was please with the lobby, ballroom, and interior of the lobby area. It was very beautiful. Checkin was very SLOW, as there was a line and only one person working the desk. The only negative was that the lady who checked me in ( Christina) was visibly irritated and grumbling that I had booked the hotel at a lower rate than what she stated was the rack rate for the hotel. TIP: Take your confirmation number/ rate quote paperwork with you when you go there to check in, so you can show them the rate you were confirmed and hold them to it, otherwise, you will be hinted  well, we charge x amount of dollars for this night...., and get your rate changed.  ANOTHER TIP: CONFIRM at checkin , the number of days that you are confirmed to stay, otherwise, you may wind up with one or two additonal days on the bill. This almost happened to me, but happened to several other guests I met at the hotel. All had the extra days removed from the bill.ANOTHER TIP: Watch for parking fees ( 28.00) being added to your bill whether you ask for them or not. Desk staff automatically assumed that you are driving, and WILL ADD IT TO YOUR BILL ANYWAY. I had this charge removed since I did not drive.Hotel has a VERY small lot around the corner for YIKES! a whopping 28.00 a day! If you can find cheaper parking or at a meter, park there, but read the signs and don't have ANY valuables or change in plain sight in your vehicle. TIP: READ THE STREET SIGNS AND WATCH FOR COLORED MARKINGS ON THE CURBS. If the sign says only 2 hour parking--they mean it--You will be ticketed 50.00 for a 2-hr violation--We learned this from experience.Room itself was nice, but small ( think bed and breakfast), there was a white sink with a mirror and a class shelf above it, a toilet, and a shower stall with a shower curtain in the bathroom. No hairdryer. There was a large older closet with iron, a desk, 2 chairs, a nice ice bucket. Bed was very comfortable. I had a room in the back of the hotel so it was very quiet. My friend had one in front, facing Market, and was complaining about drunk people fighting out front. TIP: You may want to bring shower shoes for the shower, remember summer camp?\Inside the hotel,only other problem that was expereinced ( thankfully not by me) was that one of the elevators got broke down with people on it, and It took a while to get them out. TIP: Elevator has earthquake sensors, don't make any sudden movements, or jump around in there ( kids) cause elevator will stop, according to signs posted. TIP Internet Access in Business area cost 500 for 2o minutes, then, 10.00 and up. Must swipe credit card or buy a prepay card from the conceriege in order to use. Now the area, This is not the best area to be in, especially at night. there were a few homeless people around begging. Most won't bother you, but one guest I met, had a terrible expereince at the Burger King across the street from the hotel. After she told the guy no, he grabbed her arm. She was very upset. Also, be prepared to see human poop occasionally on the sidewalk ( especially around the corner from the hotet). Walgreens is a block down the street , Subway, and Sams Diner is across the street. There is a Starbucks in the hotel. Bart station is right outside the door. Overall, I had a good expereince at this location. I would probably stay here again if I had someone with me, otherwise I would pay more in a better area.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>JeffersonNCMan
<Content>Good Potential; Poor Front Desk Staff I booked the hotel with Orbitz at $89 a night, but when I arrived at the hotel the clerk questioned the booking, said I had booked two rooms, and didn't recognize the rate that I had on the confirmation form I handed him. He acted as though I had just made this up and didn't seem to know how to handle it. I indicated that I wanted to stay one additional night. He told me I would have to call Orbitz for the additional night! I told him that I just wanted to add the night with the hotel at $129 which he did. Wouldn't one think that the hotel would have added the night at the Orbitz rate?? When I checked out, they had put all THREE nights at the $129 rack rate and totally neglected to use my Orbitz rate as he had said he would at check-in. Again, another desk clerk on the last day wanted to argue with me about the rate and acted so bothered that I asked him to honor the first two night at the $89 rate. At this writing I THINK they did honor the rate, but I will need to see my charge bill when it arrives. The desk needs some retraining about customer service! Their argument should not have been with me but between the hotel and Orbitz. Other departments were very accommodating, including Larry who is the doorman who greets the guests outside. The concierge office was good and housekeeping were friendly. The room was OK but the bathroom was the smallest bathroom I have ever seen! I had to dress in the shower as that had more room than the rest of the space!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	3	2	

<Author>trojan1
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I booked the Hotel Whitcomb for a one-night stay on Hotwire for $73 and then read the reviews on TripAdvisor and was a little skeptical. However, my stay at the Whitcomb was great. I guess I lucked out with a good room. The customer service was excellent. The staff at the check-in desk were very friendly and enthusiastic. The lobby is very impressive and beautiful. Sure, the hotel is not in a great neighborhood, but it's SF - neighborhoods change block by block. Plus, with the BART entrance literally steps outside the hotel entrance, it couldn't be more convenient. My room was on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel (not facing Market St). It was quiet and decently-sized. The bathroom was very small, but I was traveling alone, so it was fine. The bed was comfortable and the room had all the amenities I needed. It seemed to be very clean. The decor was nice, I felt like the hotel had a lot of character. I travel to SF on a regular basis for work and will plan to stay at the Whitcomb again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>likestotravel_7
<Content>Awful location  This hotel is in a very bad neighborhood-you can't walk outside in daylight by yourself safely. Lots of adult places within two blocks. Staff was mostly rude. Food was awful. The rooms are small and dirty. There are many nice things about the hotel that, if it were cleaned properly and maintained would make for a beautiful stay. Since its not maintained or cleaned well, its just sad. The architecture is all there is thats worth seeing here. Would never stay again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vanyadric1
<Content>Misrepresentation I was very disappointed when I got into my room. The pictures on the website looks great but seeing the rooms itself was aweful!!! The rooms were small. It looked like they just slap some paint and wallpaper to hide the inperfections. The sheets smells and were very rough. The parking lot is indescribeable. You have small vehicle to get in and out. Otherwise, you would hit the next car. The is only one way in and out on both levels. It smelled of dirty trash and mold. Never will recommend or stay ever again. Building should be torn down!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>fundownunder
<Content>Loved the Whitcomb My brother and I flew to San Francisco from Australia for our nieces wedding. Our flight came in early on a very rainy day and we called the hotel to check-in early, and they were very acoomodating.We spent over one week there, and everything was great; front desk, conseirge and especially the food.The wedding was breath taking, the main ballroom looked beautiful. Our niece and new nephew had a fabulous time. We couldn't imagine creating memories at any other place! Thank you Hotel Whitcomb!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lllinde
<Content>whicomb weekend otel WhitcombWhat a delightful hotel to have a wedding in. The grand ballroom has a dramatic stair case that makes a beautiful picture perfect entrance. The food was excellent three hundred people for chicken and steak and all done perfect.The night before we dined int he Market street grill.I had the dinner special and my daughter had the pasta. It was a slow dinner with good wine and great atmosphere. The steak was perfect and melted in my mouth then the dessert. CheescakeThe best part was the nice room with a cozy feeling soft beds and a view.The restroom had electrical outlets for curling irons which I found missing in some of the other victorian hotels.I would recommed this to have a wedding or just for the weekend.I also liked the Starbucks in the lobby. Hotel whitcomb san francisco cal  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>f1photos
<Content>You get what you pay for The Whitcomb is one of the more historic hotels in the city, but it unfortunately living on its reputation. I have now stayed here twice because it's cheap, and I knew all about its location so I was ready for the army of homeless, hookers and crackheads stationed outside the hotel. What I wasn't ready for was the size and condition of the rooms.The hotel info on Expedia claims that the hotel was recently refurbished, well if recent means 20 years ago then I guess it was. The rooms are tiny. In one I had to reorganise the furnture so that I could sit at the desk and use my laptop.If you can get an outside room facing the street. It will be noisy but at least you get some natural light. The rooms in the middle of the hotel are dark and need all the lights on.The bathrooms are small, with no space to put your toiletries and are also in a very bad state of repair generally.The hotel does offer free wi-fi, a previous review mentioned a $9.99 a day fee for extra hardware needed. That is true if your laptop doesn't have wireless. Just be aware that there are a couple of evil-twin access points setup, so make sure you are secured.I would stay here again, but wouldn't if I was with my family, or if I was a lone female.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>catBoogie
<Content>WHITCOMB is a mess I stayed at Whitcomb for an unbearable night (Jun 6).If you're interested in quality, cleaniness and fresh air, steer CLEAR of this barely 3 star hotel. Our room was dark and dreadful. Did I mention the horrible, musty stench that your nose just doesn't happen to get used to?I was on the phone with hotwire FIRST thing the next morning ready for my 9am checkout. We were then moved to the Westin (Market Street). This was a MUCH better choice as the rooms were newly renovated and we got a fantastic view (and a Phillips flat screen - lovely).I believe in budget traveling, but I also believe in quality and hygiene. If you feel the same way, avoid Whitcomb like the plague. PEACE  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Jbenny
<Content>Great hotel  We called reservations at the Hotel Kitty answered the call and we were very impressed, she provided excellent service, she is very knowledgeable and quick a great asset to your Hotel. We always like to stay at Hotels that provide good service and are customer friendly, Kitty and your staff reinforces that beliefYour Truely,Joanie MariePalo Alto, Ca  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>stupotsEngland
<Content>Not Too Bad Stayed here for 6 nights, mainly because it was cheaper than other hotels, and we are on a tight budget. The room itself, was clean, and a pretty good size. The staff seemed fairly helpful. It is also quite close to Union Square\Powell Street etc.The only bad point for me was the location on Market Street. It is full of homeless people and was a little unpleasant. I wouldn't fancy walking around at night time. I would stay there again though, although it does seem to depend on which room you get. Whilst I was there, I overheard somebody complaining that they were put in the boiler room with no windows!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	3	4	

<Author>llc4
<Content>Rude customer service! I booked 2 nonsmoking rooms. The afternoon of my reservation, I called the hotel to let them know we would not be checking in until 7pm and to confirm that I had 2 rooms in nonsmoking and with 2 beds in each. I was told by the onduty manager that I had booked 2 smoking rooms! I was told that the hotel was booked up and nothing could be done. When I asked the manager to contact me if any nonsmoking rooms became available, she said she was to busy to call me on my cell. She did nothing to help remedy the situation. When I called back an hour later to make sure that my reservations had been cancelled, the next manager on duty (very nice), checked my reservation and told me that it had been made for nonsmoking rooms! In the meantime we had found another hotel to stay.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asarfatti
<Content>Decent for the price, convenient location Stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb over a weekend for $52/night via Priceline. Expect your initial reactions to be varied and extreme: first, you will feel happy about the convenient location right outside the BART and Muni stop. Immediately after exiting the station, you will be dismayed by the amount of vagrancy, a feeling tempered by the proximity of the hotel door to the station exit. Next, you will gleefully observe the classic beauty of the lobby and the spacious elevators. When you arrive in your room after check-in, you will again be dismayed, this time by the 'fallen from grace' nature of the room; curtains, furniture upholstery, linens all seem to be about a decade past replacement. The bathroom is small and shower tiny and awkward. However, the old-fashioned room grows on you, and your comfort is assured by the polite and courteous staff. Overall, the stay was pleasant and would consider staying here again when traveling on a budget.Pros:* Location near BART / Muni, Financial district* Price* Old fashion hotelCons:* Vagrancy just outside hotel premises* Rooms' need for renovation* Quality of bed (mattress and linens)  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>sand22
<Content>Not a place for female traveler's very dangerous area!!!!! I am a single female who stayed at the Hotel Whitecomb on business. I arrived at the hotel around 11:00am. The gentleman at the front desk told me I wasn't able to check in until 3pmSo, I decided to walk around the city and find a place to eat. Unfortunately all I had was my corporate card and no places in the area would accept anything but cash due to the high crime rate.There were homeless people grabbing at me, drug dealers, and prostitues all within the same blockAlso The lobby of the hotel was very nice, however when I got to my hotel room. I felt like I was staying at a Motel 6I will never stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I didn't feel safe  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Sissi70
<Content>Disappointed from this hotel I booked my stay in this hotel for 8 days.The lobby is very beautiful but not the room. The staff in the lobby was very arrogant and not friendly.But the doorman and bellboy are very friendly.My first room was very small and smelling like fish, but silence. I asked for another room. I got a bigger room by the street side. This room was not smelling like fish. But this room had another fault.I booked a non smoking room in the 2 floor. But the smoke from the 3 floor came into my room through the air shaft. This was not nice. The starbuck coffee is very nice.I will never come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>limgrn
<Content>Good value, connvenient location, nice stay My work girlfriends and I went on a San Francisco weekend trip. I booked through Priceline, as usual, and received a decent room rate, as usual. THe hotel is located right on Market and 8th. There are a couple of blocks down that way which are not pretty, but overall it was a decent area. The Westefield Mall and Union Square are within walking distance and easily reachable via the public transportation option (MUNI, BART, taxi). What I didn't like: Parking at the hotel was not what I had experienced before. The lot was not garaged, but open-aired pavement in the back of the hotel. It was gated and security was present in the evening. However ,during the day the gates were opened and no security was on site. My vehicle, luckily, didn't suffer an damage or theft, so I was pleased on that note. The other dissapointed was during chek-in. It was painfully slow. The hotel was full that night due to a wedding and several groups, but on the bright side people don't have wedding in dumps right? So I try to look at the positive and take it as a good sign. What I did like: Our rooms were large and spacious. I had a street side room which was a bit noisey, but it's SF, noise should be expected. I enjoy watching the city wake-up, but if you don't you might want to request a non-street side room. Otherwise the room was clean and had all I needed. Not the most current, flashy or upscale decorations, but comforable and maintained. I especially enjoyed the bed. It was firm yet cozy and the pillow were just the right fluffiness with enough blanketing so that I was nto chilled. There is a Starbucks conveniently located downstairs for those with a mochachino habit. Also, the hotel featured a bar and a resturant serving a very nice glass of pinot noir. The door man was ready and eager to get us a cab when we asked and even helped us in the car. He was also on point in the evening making sure all that attempted to enter the lobby were guests and had a reason to be there.Overall I wouldn't not be upset to stay here again, Though I might rethink the parking option.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>xpnsve
<Content>Nice hotel, good price!!       bathroom  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>P&DNewt
<Content>no problems great hotel We booked our expedia last september,then found this review site, we where a little taken aback by some reviews and tempted to change hotels, but we were glad we did not.Geting to the hotel was very easy we took the Bart from the airport, it cost $5.15 and got off right out side. Check in was easy ,the lobby was as every one says brilliant .Then came the room a litle aprehensive opening the door but no problems ,in side good sized room large soft bed ,the bathroom was a good size ,I agree with some coments not much room for toiletries but we got by We used the starbucks a few times at night after walking back from union square. The area around the hotel may not be the best but never felt intimidated or frightened at night walking back.Never used the hotel for food ,for breakfast I would recomend Sams Diner across the steet it was great.. The staff at hotel were very helpfull the room always clean. We would have no problem recomending this hotel to any one.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Luis_and_Renata
<Content>Good location, not so good room. It is located in a very good place, but not very secure neighborhood at night. The hotel is ok, but very old and not very clean. The room had much dust, e alergic tavelers may hav problems...The staf was very polite and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	4	2	

<Author>devonh
<Content>Name Change to Hotel Whitcomb Rooms were nothing like the pictures. Our room was the size of a closet. Service was terrible. Room service was slow and once the order arrived it was wrong. The hotel is located in the heart of San Francisco's homeless district.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triptard
<Content>Nice Affordable Hotel I booked this rservervation before reading the reviews on this site and I was a little worried about it. After I stayed there for the weekend I was pleased to have stayed there. Even how old the buildingis, it seemed to be well kept and my room was nice and the bathroom was very nice. I didn't have any problems with the water temperature that some people had reported and the neighborhood around it wasn't as bad as I had imagined. I was expecting to be fighting my way through homless people to the hotel, but there were only a few and they mostly left you alone. The location can't be better since you have the Civic center across the street and you can just take the MUNI down the street to the other end of town. I had no car, but the public transportation was good and I only had to call a taxi once. Also, the WIFI worked fine on my Mac.The only thing that was frustrating was the checking in and out. Despite reserving the room with a company card, online, they still required a card during check in. Other than that, my stay was great and I would definitally stay thereagain if I visit SF in the future.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>halfstep
<Content>Great place We got a great deal through priceline at $79 a night. Stayed Five days and four nights.The location wasn't bad at all, as there is the muni and cable cars right out front. We didn't bother with a rental, instead we purchased citypasses for seven days, which for us was a great deal, unlimited buses and cable cars, as well as trolleys.There were homeless people but we were never bothered, and I guess it is to be expected in a big city.The front desk and everyone that we dealt with were very nice. They gave us maps of the area, and answered any questions that we had. The staff is international and very accomodatingThe room was just as it looked in the pictures we had seen online. Very nice and cosy, the bed was very comfortable, The bathroom was fine, all in all we were very pleased with our stay. The only problem we had was that we thought it was free internet. The Starbucks restaurant in the hotel was especially nice, since there are no coffeemakers in the rooms. However the restaurant located in the hotel is very pricey. Definitely reccommend Mel's Drive-in on 4th and Mission, and Betty Boop's Diner in Union Square.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>CACountrygirl
<Content>Can't recommend this hotel Stayed at this hotel on Friday night, the weekend of A LOT of conferences/conventions going on in S.F. so it was very busy. When we arrived, it took us about 30 minutes to get to the front of the check in line and then it took another 15 minutes for both check in AND check out which still baffles me. The lobby itself looked very classy. The lobby floor was a zoo because of the busy weekend so that was obviously not something the hotel could control. The hotel personnel were friendly enough and helpful when we asked questions. The elevators couldn't hold many people at one time - we had people say the elevators actually stopped when they put more than five people on at a time. The rooms were small as is to be expected in many hotels in S.F. The bed was comfortable  the decor ok though a bit worn. It was the brown water that came out of the sink that took us all by surprise - that is not acceptable in my opinion. I don't know what the problem was but in all three of our rooms, the water came out brown and rusty looking - was it safe to brush my teeth in it? By Saturday morning it seemed better but that is just gross and we never heard what the problem was. The bathroom was tiny and very old/run down - the door to the bathroom wouldn't shut unless you slammed it hard as the door didn't seem to fit the frame properly. Walking from this location on Market street is not something to be done alone - we did it with a group of ladies but I would not have felt safe with a smaller group. We lucked out and got one of the very last parking spots in their gated lot that we paid $25 per day to have so we were actually thankful for that since it was such a busy weekend. The price was right for us at $99 a night so you probably get what you pay for in the city. If we were staying for any longer than one night, I would never even consider this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>roamingaussie
<Content>Hated the hotel and hated the location! Well I was desperate for somewhere to stay because the hotel I was booked into did not have my reservation for some reason and they were full! So I found the Ramada on lastminute.com and it was the only hotel with a room available under $250/night. It says 3 blocks from Union Sq but they are 3 LONG blocks and just happen to be the worst blocks in the city - felt very unsafe my whole stay. Lonely Planet actually advise to stay away from these blocks. They checked me in, staff were not overly friendly but were not rude. The hallway is something out of The Shining. Long dark and very spooky. The room I was in was the furtherest possible room at end of hallway and it overlooked the back loading dock so all through the day and all through the night there were regular trucks loading and unloading all sorts of things including large bins of linen that clang and bang and echo in the courtyard. They wouldn't change my room claiming to be full... I put up with it. Today I slept in (with ear plugs) until noon but when I went to have a shower, brown sludge was flowing out!! I called reception/operator for help the lady was rude as if I had bothered her and said they might be fixed by 5. I said So I can't have a shower until this evening? She said Yeah. Very patronizing as if I had done the math and figured out when I could have a shower...I stay in many hotels in many cities all around the world. I am polite and courteous when I make requests and give them no reason to be so rude to me. This is the worst hotel in the worst location.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelinFools2006
<Content>Nice hotel, bad area... The hotel was actually very nice inside (although the rooms were tiny), and the beds were Very comfortable. Not much of a view, you're looking directly across to another room, so make sure your drapes are closed! The doorman and the bellboy were great and very helpful, along with the security guards out back. However, the concierge was VERY rude! Parking was nice, in a fenced area that they locked at night.BE VERY CAREFUL walking at night (especially if you are two women alone). Lots of homeless and seedy characters around, and the subway is directly in front of the hotel. The hotel is not close to any attractions, so be prepared to walk at least 4-6 full city blocks just to find food or drink (or get taxi, if you can find one). Overall, nice hotel, but wish it was in a better location... Will definitely stay closer to the city center next time!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ocgirl67
<Content>Loved San Francisco! Hotel was good too =) My husband and I stayed at the downtown Ramada in San Francisco for 2 nights. The room was clean and quiet, the staff was great. The location is ok, alot of homeless, but we did walk home from Union square (15 minute walk) both nights and it was totally fine. San Fran is know for its great food, and it didn't disappoint! We went to the stinking rose (Northbeach) for lunch, it was great and priced reasonable. Chinatown and Northbeach were wonderful, very easy to get around. Took a taxi back to our hotel ($10) and then for dinner went to Cityscape on the top floor of the Hilton. THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING, THE MOST INCREDIBLE VIEW AND THE FOOD WAS GOOD TOO. COUPLES NEED TO GO HERE!!! The next day went to peir 39, and went to Eagle Rock for breakfast, it was a long wait to get the food, but is was worth it, food was great, and price was too. Went on the tour to Alcatraz, the was nice the audio tour was very entertaining. Then went to Union Square for amazing shopping and a great dinner at Cheesecake factory.Tip: Take the BART from the airport to your hotel, it will save you money and is very easy to use. We got off the Civic Center stop (25 minute) ride and it cost $5 a person. All in all a great trip!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>zbenye
<Content>Internet connection doesn't work The hotel is old and tired as described by others here. The room was ugly and the bathroom (shower only) was about the same size as the closet. I was annoyed by the water in the sink constantly changing between freezing and scalding with no warning signs. Luckily that was not the case in the shower.What upset me the most was that the hotel advertises free internet access in all guest rooms. Indeed, there were two strong signals in my room but both provided only sporadic service. It worked for 5-10 minutes, then stopped working for a half hour or so (producing the page cannot be displayed for any web address), and that was the case throughout my stay. I called tech support twice. The first time they told me that it is a known problem at that hotel and that I should go access from the lobby. But at the lobby a page comes up asking for a credit card. The second time I called, someone took my name and room number and said a technician will call back. No one did.Internet access in the room is a major consideration for me in picking accommodations, so I will avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Michael_SD
<Content>Ancient, Budget-Minded Hotel The Ramada Plaza San Francisco is not for all travelers. This is a very old hotel for budget-minded travelers only. I had a hard time staying here (and only did so because my apartment complex had to put me up there for one night). If you don't mind old, European-style hotels with few frills, the Ramada should work for you.The hotel itself is located in a seedy area of downtown. It's not necessarily dangerous, but it wouldn't be recommended to walk in that area at night unless you want crazy homeless people talking to you (or themselves). The hotel's interior is dark and dreary, with uninspired staff (the front desk lady who checked me in was pleasant, but didn't go overboard in welcoming me). The hallways make the hike to the rooms erie, as they are large and drab. The rooms have seen better days, with old appliances and lace curtains. Surprisingly the room was cleaner than I expected it to be, with the exception of a dingy, black-streaked shower floor and a hair in the sink. I did remove the bed's comforter and place it on the floor. The rooms and hallways do have a hint of dirty shoe-smell. This is your basic hotel room, folks. I couldn't imagine staying there longer than one night.Despite being located right on Market Street, the hotel is pretty quiet despite the city's F Train going by every few minutes. I'm a light sleeper and had no problem catching winks. Cheap, basic and old. This was not a dump, but I wouldn't recommend it or ever stay there again myself.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>mscheibe
<Content>Woman, don't go there alone! I arrived from a long-distance flight, jet-lagged and went for a walk down market street (when it was still light) - I'd better had returned before it went darker!!! A lot of homeless people around the hotel, drug-addicts and sex-shops (for me as a European not unusual, but for US?). There were homeless even sitting on the entry door of the hotel.The room was o.k, though it smelled unidentifieable. I would really not recommend the neighbourhood, especially not to woman travelling alone!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	2	2	

<Author>PeTim123
<Content>Central location, good hotel We flew in to SFO. After picking up our luggage we followed the BART signs up to the terminal level and to the far end of the airport. We rode the BART to the Civic Center stop which is located right outside the front door of this Ramada hotel. The trip took maybe 30minutes and cost less then $5.00 per person The BART was safe and comfortable but a little dirty and smelly. This Ramada is located centrally to most everything we wanted to see and do. Depending on how in shape you are you can walk about a mile from this hotel to Museum of Modern Art, Buena Vista Gardens, Union Square with several large departments stores and the cable car turn around at Powell station. The Civic Center and Asian Art Museum are only a block away. In the evening we could easily walk to clubs and bars in the SOMA district. If you aren't in good shape or get tired of walking like we did then simply buy a multi-day bus pass at the Powell station. It is good for both the cable cars and the buses. From this hotel's location we managed to catch connecting buses to China Town, Little Italy, up to Coit Tower, Lombard and other sights. We easily rode to the Castro area and back since the trip is direct and only about 15minutes. The ride to Union Square is only about 5minutes. Also easy to get to was the Fisherman's Wharf (what a disappointment; don't waste your time) but it took about 45minute. The trip to the Golden Gate bridge took closer to an hour each way and we had to catch more then two connecting buses.This Ramada is in a well traveled part of town. Even though City Hall and the Civic Center are just down the street, San Francisco was not looking its best while we were here. The streets are littered and other trash is everywhere. Several building in the neighborhood were boarded up or abandoned. From the outside this Ramada seems to fit in with its surroundings. The building exterior looks like it needs a good scrubbing. The lobby however is grand and makes up for first impressions. The XMas decorations were still up; very nice. Our room was small. We paid only $70 so I can't complain too much. We also may have caused some hassle since we asked for a quiet room. We ended up on the top floor in a back corner off the main hallway. It was definitely quiet. I did look at a couple of other rooms in the main hallway for curiosity's sake. They were larger by about 15sqft but not enough to make me regret our room. Some annoyances: the bathroom had no vanity only a sink stand so we had to leave our toiletries on the entertainment center; the sink faucet leaked at both handles; the bath exhaust fan was quite loud but didn't seem to draw air (in a small room you can imagine several reasons why that would be important); the exercise equipment in the gym was broken; the desk and concierge evening staff were sullen and less then helpful. Some good things: the bed was great; the hotel in general was quiet even though it seemed to be full; 24hrs security guards at front door; free wireless throughout the hotel; daytime desk and concierge staff were friendly and helpful; there is a Starbuck's located in the lobby and a very good diner directly across Market Street. The diner averaged about $7-9 per plate for breakfast and lunch. They serve typical, safe meals, like eggsbacon, hamburgers, etc.Even at $90 per nite I would still recommend this hotel for its location and amenities. More then that I would hesitate. Though I didn't look too hard there are several of the smaller Marriotts and Hiltons brands and many mompop motels within a three block area from this location, between Market and Hwy80. This Ramada needs a good cleaning (and I don't mean just the facade) before I would consider it more then a decent 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>ChefGT
<Content>Service, Price - This is the place I only stayed one night, but it was enough to know I want to come back. When I arrived the parking lot was full, the Parking Attendant walked around and found me a spot. At Check in the Desk were very nice and offered suggestions should I need a place to eat for the evening. I needed a Cab to take me you a friends hotel, The Bellman arranged it all for me, the City was very busy that night and the cab line was about an hour wait, The Bellman found a Towncar available for the same price as the Taxi would have been. I checked out very early, the staff again in the morning were great, and the Bellman gave me the best directions to the Airport.Thank you I will be back.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>royaltulsa
<Content>Great Historic Hotel In the Middle of City This was a great find in a city like San Francisco. The room was just right. The sink area in the bathroom was a bit small but workable. If you are going for vacation buy the Citypass, it is 49.00 and well worth the price. The staff was friendly and the room very clean. The homeless people outside the hotel were normal for a big city.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>steven00033
<Content>Fantastic value and nice service!         
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>i_THINK
<Content>Proceed w/ Caution friendly customer service, conveniently located next to BART public transit station, aesthetically pleasing lobby...but my room smelled bad and was dirty (spotted sink, hair all over sheets); bathroom seemed very outdated; and worst of all hoards of verbally belligerent homeless people constantly surround the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Vogeljam
<Content>Ramada Plaza Downtown San Francisco is GREAT I travel to San Francisco often and use Ramada Plaza San Francisco every time, sorry I just didn't know about this site earlier to share with others.Staff is friendly, knowledgable and helpful, restaurant is excellent and friendly staff. enjoy the many amenities including Starbucks in the lobby.Well never stay any place else when in San Francisco  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>americatrip
<Content>cheap and central hotel in good location for getting around and good public transport links, not too far from airport either - short taxi ride.homeless people around, but not too hassle-y or scary, but wouldnt want to walk around area too late at night or on my own.room was big and clean, bathroom was very small though, and had no window, which wouldve been nicer.restaurant was fine, cheap and varied menu, day and night, and also theres a starbucks in the lobby, which could be handy, open late too.staff were friendly and helpful, no issues there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BentoBox1000
<Content>Very Bad customer services Both the manager and the lower employees (Banquet house man) have very bad customer services. Not very professional and seems to treat guess as we are bothering them. Never do businesses with this RAMADA Plaza Downtown San Francisco. The Banquet house man (employee who is in charge of the Banquet room) has a bad temper and make as he is in charge of the RAMADA. As a business person, I will never refer this place to my associates, out of town clients or do banquet there.Banquet house man yells at you and you are looking for a manager to step in but she too will yell at you for yelling back at her employee. For a professional manager they will first try to diffuse the situation before it gets out of hands but that was not the case. I think she needs to go back to management school and learn that client satisfactions come first. The hotel and the banquet room itself look very old, dark, and dirty.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivan_Drago
<Content>Not Good Second to the worst rooms I've stayed at. (The worst being a motel in Albany). We had to request to change the bed when we came in because there was someones hair all over the sheets. The bathroom was dark and cold. The location is not in the best part of town. Don't.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>cgreno
<Content>Clean hotel 4 blocks from shopping       The hotel from Market St.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Mesvoyages
<Content>Not satisfied We stayed 3 nights in this hotel and I won't recommend to stay in there because it is: - old fashionned : the hall is fine but corridors are gloomy. Our room had no coffee machine.- noisy : air conditionning and fan in the bathroom is incredibly noisy. Rooms have almost all connecting doors which allow to hear everything that happens by your neighboors- every block around is full of homeless people and junkies. Although they were not aggressive, you surely don't feel safe (especially at night) and wish to have a more pleasant environnement- you won't find any pleasant restaurant at a walking distance. But fortunately, the Starbucks coffee next door is very convenient for breakfast or coffee time (open from 5 am until midnight)On the other hand I must recognize that the staff was OK and that the shuttle service to the airport is very professionnal.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	3	3	1	

<Author>mml10inden
<Content>Very dangerous location A friend and I stayed at this hotel for a mom's get-away weekend in July .The hotel itself is very old and in need of repair. The bathroom had ZERO space for toiletries etc. Also, my friend got locked in the bathroom b/c the door-handle would not release the latch. Had she been in the room by herself, she would have spent the night in there until housekeeping came the next day. NOTE: keep your cell phone in your pocket!!We also had to call for a repair to the reading lamp between the beds. Someone had cut off the plug. I will say that our repair requests were handled in a timely manner.My biggest complaint about this hotel was the location. Yes, it is close to Union Square and within walking-distance, but you are taking your life in your hands walking around in this area. Very unsafe!! You will need to take a cab everywhere, even in the middle of the day. Trust me!! The hotel is not terrible , but it is located in a very seedy part of town.The restaurant was mediocre but the service was excellent. The staff, overall ,was very helpful, but I would never stay here again. Location, location, location!!!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	1	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>dcpongo
<Content>Really friendly Had a great time in SF. Hotel has a beautiful old lobby, room was decent and the staff were really friendly. We took the F-Line the whole time, which is a cool old street car that stops right in front of the hotel. The place is like a time warp.The only thing we walked to around there was the Asian art museum (fabulous). Anyway, reccomend, would stay there again. Homeless and beggars yeah, but they were more aggressive at Union Square.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jcw
<Content>No problems here... We enjoyed 3 nights at the Ramada. We were skeptical after reading some of the reviews. The hotel is an older hotel-it is not a New Holiday Inn Express type hotel with breakfast, etc. For some that is a plus, for some a negative. The lobby is beautiful- the staff were very accomodating. The security late at night was good. The hotel has some beautiful details in the woodwork, high ceilings, mirrored elevator doors. The corridors are spacious. Our room was more than adequate. It was extremely clean, had a walk in closet (!), bathroom was fine- clean, not luxurious. Windows open, A/C worked fine- no unpleasant smells.....You can request a coffee maker for your room- no problem. We ate dinner one night at the restaurant in the lobby (Sorry, the name escapes me)- excellent service and very good food- one of the best prime ribs I've ever had. My husband had a seafood dish of some kind- with scallops, etc. - I thought he was going to lick the plate, it was so good!We parked at the lot across the street which was very convenient and cheaper than the hotel lot. We were approached by several homeless people- but they were not threatening at all. You are likely to experience this in any big city. It really was not a problem. We encountered homeless people all over the city of San Francisco- Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, etc. It was not unique to this hotel or area.Overall it was a positive experience for us..... We enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>volvolover
<Content>Not That Bad! We hotwired this hotel and were devestated when we read the reviews. The hotel is not bad at all. The inside is beautiful, looks very art deco, and the rooms were clean. The staff was great and there was a safe place to park (25 dollars a day) and a BART station right outside. There were homeless people asking for change, but they were nice and stayed away if you said no. Around the hotel, the Tenderloin, is NOT a good neighborhood and I would stay away. This is a great deal for groups of people. i wouldn't walk alone at night, but it is not scary. The hotel is a good deal. You would find this type of atmosphere in any large American city.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>parth
<Content>I dont think I am going back there I will make sure I dont go back to this hotel. - First of all its not in Union Square or no where near it. Its at bottom of Tenderloin and top of SOMA. Every block around is full of Homeless people and junkies. Though most of them are harmless and friendly, I had some pretty nast expiriences while walking to a restaurant suggested by the hotel staff. I have spent time in SF before and in urban Baltimore, Philly and New York. I do recognize a not-good neighborhood when I see it. - Rooms were dirty. Blanket had black stains. Basin in the bathroom was broken (literally cracked, and with paint peeling off). Lights didnt work. Rooms didnt get locked properly.- I had different reservation for two nights, I requested to put me in the same room. They didnt oblige (which is okay, just ast it is). I asked to talk to the manager, who refused to come on phone. They said they'll 'rush' another room for us, which took about 2 hours. The other room was worse than the first. - In less than 48 hours, I had to move 3 rooms.- None of the rooms have coffee machines, or refridgerators (which is pretty much a standard everywhere these days)- The hotel looks pretty good from outside, with mirrors in the corridors and elevators, but rooms fit better in a hostel. - Some of the rooms in the corners can be pretty claustrophobia inducing, so make sure you check your room before you go. If it were a economy hotel, it may have been okay. But with 150$ a night, its not.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mikeatla
<Content>Just right for the price The Ramada Plaza Downtown San Francisco is ideally located at central downtown San Francisco. The building was old, the staff are ok, the best thing that this hotel has is a Starbucks Coffee right down the hotel lobby. The rooms are small, the walls are thin, the free wi-fi was so slow. But if you want a hotel centrally located at downtown at the right price, this hotel is just right for you. Homeless people are not really a problem during day time but i rather not walk within the area during nightime.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heiny
<Content>Not recommended for families, but doable in a pinch Our family of four (two kids aged 5 and 7) booked in here last weekend primarily because it was an easy option for us to take the BART straight from the SFO airport to the hotel. (It was $20 roughly, assuming you can work out how to use the BART ticket machines! vs $40 in a cab.) We were only staying two nights in SF before moving on, so a premium hotel wasn't needed.LOCATIONI read the reviews about the not so choice location, but our kids are used to interacting with homeless people in Toronto, so we took the chance. Be prepared though, if you are not from the USA, the amount of homelessness, substance abuse and poverty you see in this city may shock you. It is of a magnitude several orders greater than other big cities like Toronto, London, Rome, or Paris.Having said that, we felt safe enough in the daytime and there are surprisingly two very nice playgrounds nearby at the City Hall. We had no incidents, but it's not an area for a night time stroll with the kids of course. TRANSPORT In addition to the BART station it is easy to hop streetcars and buses East and West. The Civic area is not perfect for tourists, but we did a leisurely walk with the kids down Market Street to the streetcar turnaround, up to Chinatown (for lunch) down to the waterfront and back up Market street within about three hours with a lot of nice breaks along the way.The hotel has parking out back for $25 a day, or you can park across the street for $20 a day.EATING OUTWorth noting for parents, there are no family friendly restaurants within safe walking distance of the hotel in the evenings. You will need to order room service, get take-out or eat at the rather average restaurant in the hotel if you have kids. Or take a taxi/streetcar further down Market.ASK FOR A GOOD ROOM!We were a little unlucky with rooms at first (so it is worth asking for an alternative if you don't like what you are offered first). The first room we were offered was on the third floor. Although ours was a non smoking room, there are smoking rooms on this floor and it stank like an underground bar. The room was small, with a tiny window facing a wall. When we asked for an alternative we ended on the seventh floor in a nice clean, renovated room with a corner window facing downtown, for the same price.All in all, a place that is perhaps fine if you are travelling solo, or in a pinch, but ultimately not recommended for a family trip to SF.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Convenient  My son and I stayed the week and found the Ramada Inn to be just fine. We had activities planned for every day, so the hotel was not the focus of our stay, just a place to bathe and sleep. I have read some of the complaints about the $25 a night parking and the general condition of the community around the hotel. Neither warrants any criticism. The gated, guarded, parking lot is just behind the hotel and only a few steps to the back door. I saw no sign of any dangerous street activity, other than one or two homeless and panhandlers, similar to what you might find anywhere in San Francisco... or any other city for that matter. They leave you alone. Worst case, they may ask you for a quarter and no is an acceptable answer. Don't get all in a twist about it and enjoy a great hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A decent hotel in a Great location I don't understand all the complaints about the neighborhood. Yes, there are some homeless people on market street, but they really never bother you. There are some porn shops up the street, but real travelers have seen porn shops all over the world. nothing too shocking there. the best thing about this hotel is its convenient location. my wife and is visited SF for a week without a car and hardly needed to take taxis at all because this hotel is SO close to public transit. We especially liked taking the F streetcar line that takes you all the way up to fisherman's wharf and north beach. the bus lines also take you straight to the haight neighborhood and the BART train right outside takes you all over the area, inlcuding straight to the airport. the room was tidy and well-maintained. and the hallways had lots of wood and mirrors, very classy. we also liked the 24-hr. starbucks in the lobby. definitely a good hotel for people looking to get out into the city and explore.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lwitchel
<Content>Still a good budget option       Room 443 - bathroom  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shae72
<Content>Great staff! For the price, I must say the hotel was great. I just had a few minor complaints but feel that they were handled wonderfully. Staff was very professional and friendly. after requesting a non-smoking room, at arrival I was told all they had available was smoking. No big deal, I know they are only requests. So the front desk staff promised to have a smoke free room the next day. After a busy day in the city we arrived back at the hotel to switch rooms. Not exactly what you want to do after a long day, but necessary. The room that they moved us to had not been cleaned properly. Someone's left over lunch was on the desk! I called the front desk and explained... we were immediately moved to a much nicer room! Freshly remodeled, biger bathroom, wonderful beds!! Great view!! what most impressed me was the hotel manager. I forgot her name... but after a little confusion about a rental car(long story) she drove me in her personal car to the rental car company!! She knew I was a little frustrated with the situation and she stepped up and offered to take me herself a couple of blocks down the road! In her own vehicle!! I would return to this hotel. The homeless people outside were not pushy or rude at all. And the BART station is literally right outside the front door.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depends what you are looking for If you are looking for luxury or comfort, I would suggest another location. If you are looking for a place to rest your head and arent fussy, this place will do.Neighborhood: Many homeless folks and junkies. You must pass by porn shops and head shops before getting to union square. Quite convenient to shopping and cable car, BART. Probably not a great location for kids.Lobby: Nice, clean, presentable, helpful staffCheck-in: easyRoom: Very, Very small. Sheets on the bed were ripped/stained. WiFi connection was very slow and not encrypted. Bathroom barely built for one. The shower was a very small stall with no light so when you closed the curtain it was very dark inside. The sink was stained yellow and the towels were a grayish color and about as thick as a paper towel.Restaurant: Nice atmosphere and clean. Eggs tasted like old grease. Not sure how often they clean their grill. The man sitting next to me pulled a 10 inch piece of hair out of his breakfast. Overpriced for the quality you get. Staff is very friendly. Thankfully for there is a starbucks across the lobby.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Niekon
<Content>Decent price, but will stay elsewhere next time Just got back from a 4-day trip up to the Bay Area with my wife and we had decided to stay at this hotel based upon the recommendation of her father-in-law.My wife being from SF was able to point out certain benefits of staying here in regards to the location of different places that we were planning on visiting while out there. And for being a last minute trip, didn't have a lot of money to spend on something like the St. Francis or Fairmont. So I booked our hotel for 12 - 15 January 2006.Got to the hotel around 10:30pm and were checked in fairly quickly. And the up to our room we went and ended up realizing that we were pretty much staying in our own bedroom based upon the size of everything, including the bathroom and closet. Could have saved myself the $310 and stayed home. ^_~One of the key features that drew me to this hotel as opposed to some similarly priced hotels was their boasting of in-room wireless internet access. So out came my laptop and wireless card to check it out. Got into their wireless network only to discover that is was a)unsecure and b)not broadband. Speeds were like dial-up on a 56k modem. Dreadfully slow for someone who is used to DSL and faster speeds. But the fact that is was unsecure really frightened me. No WEP key needed. Just point, click, and connect. Needless to say I was in for a surprise the next morning when I found spyware had somehow found it's way onto my laptop's desktop. Two hours later it was clean again, but I had to plug my wireless card back in again for some info. And sure enough, within about ten minutes I had the same stuff showing up on my desktop again. Was not too happy at that point.For those bringing a laptop, be sure to not have any sensitive documents on there with you as you never know exactly how unsecure that network is. Or else keep them on a cd outside of your computer.Back to the room though. While small it was cozy. And for the first couple of nights we slept fine. But our final night we were there we discovered exactly how thin the walls were. The room next to our had been drinking (I had seen and heard them down in the lounge off the lobby earlier that night while I was getting a nightcap myself) and apparently had decided to continue their conversation up in their room... very loudly. I think I got two or three hours of sleep that night. The worst of the whole thing was at 6:30am when they decided to turn on the television and continue their conversation over the tv. Wife was none too happy about it.In regards to the rest of the hotel, not too bad. We enjoyed the lounge/restaurant off the lobby. I would go down there in the evening after our day on the town and had breakfast there on our second day there.We didn't have any issues with the homeless on the street... they weren't really prevelant at night, just during the day over by the Muni/BART station stairs. Only realy gripe I had was that if I were there with my family/kids I would not be walking up towards Union Square with them and passing some the gentlemen clubs that were nearby.Everything else though was okay from what we could tell. Would recommend being careful with electronics in the rooms though. The outlets did not seem to be too secure as some of my plugs would fall out easily when just brushed up against.In the end, not bad, but not great. Will definitely be looking for something a bit more upscale next time I visit the area.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wisekatebushfan
<Content>location location location great central location but big homeless problem outside,,just ignore the bums and junkies and they dont bother you, some even offer unsolicited advice like ''smile dude your in san francisco''which i admit did raise a smile!!this hotel aint bad but its just not great either.olga the receptionist was very friendly.we had a multitude of problems with our room including the air con not working, the toilet cistern leaking, no plug for the sink or bath and the shower rail fell down.the place was clean enough though and the bedding changed each day it seemed.they need to sort out the hall ways on the floors though as they are very glommy and need some lighter decor.the starbucks downstairs was very handy!!my problem was the price of parking...$25 a day plus tax...$87 for three days parking to guests is a bit steep in my opinion.parking may be at a premium but as they have it why charge guests?good location, ok hotel, lousey parking charges!!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cheaptravelhunter
<Content>resuscitated hotel with exemplary service No complaints here. Room was clean, bed was comfortable, maids were very nice  helpful as were all the employees. I did have to put a towel to the light to see if it had worn spots as some have said. They did, pretty funny but nothing to ruin my stay.Very accomodating service, we were gladly checked in early morning with no fuss, as our plane had arrived early. Street denizens? Enjoy the show! They're harmless  entertaining, besides, they're everywhere, not just around Market St.Location was fine, steps away from Muni  Bart, ready to whisk you away in seconds to your preferred destination.Take the ferry to Sausalito for a fun  cheap afternoon.Breakfast at Steve's Cafe, directly across the street. Classic greasy spoon, good, cheap food, fun waitresses. The obvious #1 choice of the SF Police, I noticed.Seafood? Don't miss the Anchor Oyster Bar on Castro, a small converted coffee shop ambience serving delicious seafood. You won't be able to stop eating, a bit expensive  worth every bite!Unimpressed with food  service at Sam's Grill in the Financial District.Very impressed with the Cheesecake Factory at the top of Macy's at Union Square. Great food, great view, great price, great service  long wait for a table. Now I know why.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints this end!       Front of hotel looking uptown  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yikes Interesting old building. Rooms are large but tired, grubby, and dirty. The most frightening feature is the neighbourhood: a vast number of homeless people on Market Street. I really wasn't comfortably going to or from the hotel. I did not enjoy my stay in the hotel or the city as a result  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh dear.... Cheap indeed, but a sketchy location. The hotel is a great old building with an elegant lobby, but the rooms could use some serious maintenance. I was moved from my first room due to a plumbing problem. The second room had a broken door lock, pitted bathroom sink, and broken television. And what a lumpy mattress.Cheap, convenient, and practical for those doing business at the civic center, but not a great way to spend a holiday.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is A-OK I was astounded to read the negative reviews of this hotel. My husband and I (both in our 60s) spent nine nights here, returning from SF Oct 6, were very pleased with our accommodation and would return. Our room on the fifth floor was on the back of the hotel and very quiet. It was medium-sized with one queen-sized bed; the 3-piece bathroom was small, but did have room for two. Everything had been refurbished and was spotless. All the appliances were in good working order -- lights, phone, tv, shower, toilet. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. The food, service and prices in both the Starbucks located right in the hotel and the hotel restaurant on the ground floor were first-rate. The hotel also has an Internet cafe and a small gift shop. We used the BART station right outside the front door and MUNI running down Market Street. (We didn't have a car, so no experience with hotel parking.) The only possible drawback was that the area between 5th and 8th on Market (the hotel is on the corner of 8th) is derelict and grubby, but always crowded when we were on the street between 8 am and 8 pm. No one approached us, although some passersby did look somewhat unsavoury.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family stay at this hotel We spent our first trip to San Francisco this last week end. We flew in on Friday night and took the Bart to the hotel. A friend of ours said this was the best way to get to hotel and it stops right out front. We got off at the correct stop but came up to the street from the wrong exit. This was 9:00 PM at night and we were traveling with our 11 year old son. Our son was a bit scared by the homeless people on the street and then we went the wrong way down Market street. We aksed at a movie theater and they were very helpful and we were only 1 block from the hotel. There were lots of people on the street so I did not feel worried but if you are not used to seeing homeless people it will scare you. The hotel is very ornate and the staff were very nice. The bathrooms are small in the rooms but our room had been recently upgraded and was nice. The staff were excellent and gave us good advise on how to get to the different attractions etc. The orpheium theater is accross the street and the UN plaza was accross the street and on Sunday they have a farmers market in the plaza which seemed good and was attracting large crowds. If we go back to San Francisco we will book a better hotel in a better nieghbourhood but if we needed to we would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hotelwatch
<Content>Watch Out for Ramada Hotel is literally terrible. A British Hotel would not get away with the service. Towels were like rags,in fact they were rags. Decor was depressing and noise dreadful. Worst of all was the location. SF has become world capital for vagrants but this area of Market St seems to be populated entirely by vagrants.The authorities in SF will need to address the vagrant problem or the tourists will get the message that they do not care. Vagrants approach you everywhere in the city and while they are not aggressive it remains a problem. In general it will be some time before I return to SF.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but... We enjoyed our stay at the beautiful historic Ramada Plaza Hotel. The rooms were elegant and spacious with wonderful high ceilings. It was clean and very nicely decorated. The staff was friendly (except for 1 day shift bellboy) and helpful. The restaurant/bar was a wonderful place to hang out in and through the huge windows watch the SF city life. Plus having Starbucks on site was great too. But...as nice as the hotel was, I probably will not stay there again. The location is good and bad. Good because it is halfway between the Union Square/Moscone Center/Financial District and the Civic Center/Opera district. The gorgeous SF city library and city hall dome was right outside my room view. It is bad because it is also at the border of the Tenderloin district. The security within the hotel was excellent, but as a woman traveling with two kids, I did not feel comfortable walking to or from the hotel as soon as the sun started going down. I had to rely on catching cabs if I was out after dark. During the day it was not a problem since there were so many other people besides the homeless and drug addicts walking around. Plus as soon as you walked away from the hotel the stench of urine was sometimes overwhelming. I know that the street people are some of the many things that give SF its colorful character, but this was a bit much.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dwilliams76
<Content>Close to pubic transport, book there if you can get it cheap I stayed here for a couple nights in March through priceline. I had read plenty of reviews and I am familiar with the layout of the city. Personally, I don't mind staying in this type of area to save a little cash. I never spend much time in the hotel room other than to sleep, so for $54 tax included- I'll take it. The ease of public transport from here was what sold me on this hotel.This is a 2 1/2 star hotel, so you can't expect the Ritz Carlton or you will be very disappointed. You can get to the BART and MUNI in less than 5 minutes from this hotel and then go wherever you want. The room was okay, a little outdated, small bathroom, and no fridge. I did have an iron which is nice and the walls don't seem too thin. In fact there was a prom party there when I was there and people were partying across the hall, but I was still able to sleep. I walked around the street alone past 12:00 at night and never had a problem. No one ever said anything to me. Yes, the sights aren't too pretty especially on the streets behind the hotel. Yes, there are homeless people laying on the streets at day and night. But, I never heard any gunshots, shouting, fighting, etc. I would recomend staying here if you are not with your family. Probably not the best scene for younger kids. Probably not the best scene if you are trying to impress your girlfriend, boyfriend, or significant other. But, if you are trying to save a few bucks and you want a good location give it a shot.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrifying and Awful! This hotel and its neighborhood redefines scary urban blight. When we arrived from the airport, several bell hops and staff of the hotel rushed out with dollies to take our luggage. At first, we thought this was indicative of the fine service, but actually they just want to rush you off the street before you're eaten alive by drunken bums. We stayed here for one night (we were supposed to stay for four) and couldn't sleep the whole night. There was constant screaming from the homeless fighting in the street, gunshots, etc. We kept the TV on the whole night just to block out the noise. The hallways and the room were dark, dank, and past their prime. The bathroom was small, old and musty. I wouldn't have taken a shower there under any circumstance. The first and only night, we tried to venture out to see the city, but we were accosted by violent lunatics within ten seconds. The neighborhood is so seedy that the banks lock up the ATM machines at night (I've never seen this before).YUCK! I would never even think about staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Beaufortbill
<Content>Better than expected Both the hotel and the neighborhood have seen better days. putting that aside the rooms are on the small side but almost have the character of a bed and breakfast. Housekeeping was first rate. Bart will take you from SFO to 200 yds. of the hotel. Streetcar stops at the front door. The f line is fun and you should get a passport to use it on all forms of transport-a real saving. The best part-- stayed for $61  tax from 6/15 to 6/21 through Priceline. After a great deal of research I found that this is a rate that can't be beat at decent SF hotel. The homeless and the wackos are around-just avoid eye contact and keep walking.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good stay I stayed 4 nights at the Ramada in May. The only thing that I didn't care for was the small room and bath. Would go for a larger room next time. The room was very clean though.There were some homeless in the area outside the hotel but they were not that aggressive. The hotel was very convenient to public transportation.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad neighbourhood I stayed at this hotel for four nights in late April 2004. The lobby of the Ramada is quite cool (it used to be the old City Hall), but the rooms are fairly run down and not particularly clean. All in all, it wouldn't be too bad for the price, but the neighbourhood was not very safe or pleasant. There are not too many businesses in the area (most of the places are shut down permanently) and it is a haven for homeless people. As a single woman, I felt very unsafe in this area after dark and didn't particularly enjoy walking around in the daytime either, because I was asked every 10 feet for money.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great. I don't know what everyone else is talking about. I visited the Ramada last week and spent one night there. I wish I had booked it for the entire week I was in town. It's in a great location. Everything is in walking distance. The Muni is right in front there's plenty of restaurants. Powell street is about 5 blocks down. Okay, so there are a bunch of homeless people and all but so what you're in downtown San Francisco. If you want to avoid seeing this than I suggest you stay away from any major U.S. city or keep yourself locked away in a resort somewhere. My room wasn't huge and neither was the bathroom. But I paid $89 for one night. The hotel has a beautiful lobby and the decor is nice. I mean if you're going to Frisco to visit the hotels than maybe consider the Intercontinental or some other 5 star. The staff was great even when I checked in at 1:30am and they allowed me to have a late check out. There's a starbucks right next door that you can access from inside the lobby. Parking is a problem everywhere in San Francisco but I parked across the street for 18usd a night which is pretty decent considering it's right on Market street. This hotel exceeded my expectations. I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reginaldppuppy
<Content>Wow! Scary location, needs work! We went with some friends. We have been to San Francisco many times since we live only 3 hours away. It has gotten so bad downtown that this is NOT a safe place to stay if you are planning on leaving the hotel. I won't get into it, but we were actually fearful of our safety do to the # of crazys hanging out in front of the hotel. As for the room, our air conditioner cover fell off twice in the middle of the night making a huge thud! scared the B-Jesus out of us. We had to park across the street in a dicey lot since hotel parking was full...That was really bad...25.00 a day to get accosted as you try to get to your car. As for the bathroom, it was so small, and I am not kidding, that you had to use a shoe horn to get in and out. We laughed off the whole trip (since we weren't mugged) and just won't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>xindy
<Content>economic and clean I didn't have high expectations at $90 a night. The lobby is ok with the marble floors and chandeliers but the hallways are long and dark maroon. The room was small but clean. The important thing was the convienience. From the Starbucks downstairs, to the multiple lines of transportation in front of your door. The F line takes you straight to the Wharf and Pier 39. Its not glamourous, its convienient. If you are the type to spend the entire day site seeing, then you should consider the Ramada. If you like to lounge around in your room, this isn't the place for you. The bell hop suggested not to go to the area where the San Franscisco Mission is because of the Mexican element. I'm Latina, an although that's offensive, I let it slide. I don't want to be in a bad area no matter what nationality lives there. What was in fact disturbing was that upon visiting the Mission I saw that the surrounding area was very well maintained by white families, and gays. Thank goodness I didn't listen to the bell hop. I would've missed beautiful historical site. CHECK IT OUT!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ToyToyGirl
<Content>not as fancy as we thought... I stayed there during August 2004, the neighbourhood was ackward, a lot of homeless people right in front of the hotel... The room we had was very small, a horrible bathroom, we couldnt even move in the shower, and the room was not that clean !the staff was friendly, but we were surprised by the excessive price of the hotel parking ! Thought it wasnt worth the price we payed for.Would not go there again, and certainly not in that nieghbourhood !  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sweetpixee
<Content>Nice Hotel, Convenient Location I stayed one night at the Ramada Plaza Hotel on 3/8/05. I was worried about the quality of the hotel given the reviews I read, but was immediately reassured the second I saw the hotel. Compared to other places in downtown S.F., it was clean, safe, and welcoming. The lobby appeared to be quite classy and done up. It was pricey, but not uncommon for downtown. I thought it was worth it for the quality. I paid about $130 including tax and parking. (It could possibly have been a bit more!) There's a reservationist available 24-hours a day and the staff all seem extremely friendly. I had to ask the night front desk person for a toothbrush and he kindly had TWO sent up to our room along w/toothpaste. I didn't even have to ask! Parking is always an issue when staying in the city. I paid $25 for one night. The good thing is it's in a gated lot and there's an attendent who monitors incoming traffic. I felt safe having my car parked there. I chose this hotel because of the location and because it's a 3-star hotel. It's about 1/2 mile away from the Warfield theater, which is where we were going to a show (GO GAVIN DeGRAW!) and about a 3/4-1 mile away from Union Square. The walk isn't bad (10-15 min.), even at night. There were homeless people around (inevitable in the city!), but Market St. is well lit and they don't bother you if you just walk on by. (It was just me and my 19-year cousin and she and I didn't have problems.) A cab ride cost about 5.00 (including tip) driving between 2-3 miles away from the hotel. Now, if you're hoping for a good night's sleep staying in this hotel, good luck. The noise should be expected if your room is facing Market St. There's nothing you can do about it. I probably got two whole hours of sleep! If you're worried about this, bring ear plugs or ask for a room facing away from Market St.The room itself was very spacious compared to other hotels I've stayed in in S.F. We got a non-smoking room w/two double beds. There was A/C and heat and the windows opened, which was nice during the day to get some fresh (Does that exist in CA?) air. The bathroom was clean and also spacious. I'm not sure about how the other amenties are. We mainly stayed here because we needed a place to shower and sleep between shopping and our show. Overall, it was a great experience and would not at all hesitate to book another stay here!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lebelgo
<Content>Outstanding value--dicey neighborhood This hotel exceeded my expectations for a AAA 2-Diamond or Priceline 2 1/2* property. No, it's not a luxury property, nor does it bill itself as such. Also, the neighborhood is fairly dangerous, but not if you go right into the BART/MUNI station which is right in front of the front door. Nevertheless, it had every convenience I would expect in a 3-star hotel, such as a well-equiped and maintained exercise room, bell service, concierge service, room service (until 10 PM), and fast, modern elevators. The room I had, at least, was quite large for a big-city hotel, and I didn't hear my neighbors (or possibly I didn't have any). My only complaint was that the mattress was quite old and kind of saggy. The MUNI station at the front door will take you just about anywhere you want without having to transfer, including the financial district, Union Square, the Embarcadero, the Castro, fisherman's wharf, golden gate park, Pac Bell Park, and the zoo. I recommend this hotel highly for any budget traveler who can hop on a subway or trolley car and doesn't need to walk around the immediate neighborhood.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value/Great Staff/Dodgy Location I have stayed at this property several times on business trips when I had a limited budget. Since I am working, I do not spend too much time in the room. Every visit, I have found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. If you take the right exit from BART, the Hotel entrance is just steps from the station exit. It is also a few blocks from Davies Hall, where the Symphony plays. The down side of the location is that this is not a great section of Market and most people probably will not feel too comfortable walking at night. So, take BART or the ample public transit. The hotel is nicely kept and clean. The building has some interesting architectural details. Still, it is an old and somewhat tired property and some of the remodeling is not the best. Same for the fitness center -- the room and equipment are older, but meet my needs. The food is good, but overpriced. If you are bothered by traffic notice, ask for a quiet room in back. The rooms in front overlook Market, which is a busy street. The staff, the price and the BART station make the difference for me.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>osulljp
<Content>Great value Hotel Having read some of the reviews here I was wondering if I should try to change reservation. However the hotel was fine. I found all the staff to be friendly and efficient. The room was clean and more than adequate. O.K., some of the furnishings or wall covering were dated, but it was not a problem. The lobby is really nice.There are lots of homeless between 5th and 8th street on market but we did not get any hassle on our 5 days there, and walked that patch (10 minute trip) by day and night. People will ask for money but not in a threatening way.All public transport is right on your doorstep. We bought a citypass which was great value and we never waited long for a bus or cable car or streetcar to arrive.We paid $60/night including fees on hotwire and for that money we housed two adults and two children in style...a bargain in my book.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ramada Plaza Civic Center, A beautiful hotel When priceline accepted my price and gave me Ramada Plaza Civic Center as my hotel, I was very happy. Because I had already stayed at this hotel for a few times. As you recall, you don't get to choose your hotel on priceline, you only get to choose your area and star level. It's a nicely remodeled old beauty, right on Market at the Civic Center. It's a great bargain too and looks  feels more like a four star hotel though it's ranked only 2.5 stars. I recommend it!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent accomodations Stayed for 3 days for our 13th anniversary. We found the staff both at the front desk and around the hotel extremely helpful, courteous, extremely approachable and friendly. Our room suited us perfectly and was immaculately kept. Transit services and proximity to downtown shops and attractions were ideal and could not have been better. This was our first real getaway in years, and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Big Fan This was my first time staying in a San Francisco hotel and I was on a budget. But after staying three nights in this hotel, I would advise people to spend the extra money and stay somewhere better. This facility is a historic place and that's very neat, but it is very old and dreary and not very clean. I was unhappy with my first room. Lamps not plugged in, crumbs in the carpet, sticky hotel manuals, trash behind the tv, the tv made crackle and popping noises with the cable, extremely loud bathroom fan, killed a spider or two, ripped bedding, random hairs on counters and in drawers and very small. I spoke with the manager after my first night and was upgraded to a suite with a king-size bed. The room was an improvement, but it too had some problems, those being: lamps not plugged in, lightbulbs of different colors (flourescent and yellow), broken chain door lock, constantly leaking tub faucet and papers behind dresser. I also want to mention the restroom off the lobby was very dirty, with toiletries on the floor and paper towels missing. This hotel is very close to public transportation, which was good, but after exploring the city I discovered most other hotels are as well. Not a horrible place but I've stayed in Motel 6's that were cleaner.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Texas_Phil
<Content>Does not deserve the bad press I stayed here for four nights recently on a business trip. The hotel is old and the rooms are consistent with a hotel of this age. My only negative comment is that the bedspreads and blankets are old and need to be replaced. I was unable to confirm this, but I heard that they are remodeling the rooms one floor at a time and that the rooms on the 7th floor and above are complete. I stayed on the fourth floor. The bathrooms are small but clean. The room is reasonably well lit and has a window that you can open to let in fresh air. The food at the restaurant in the hotel is above average and much better than I expected. The New York strip I ordered was excellent and priced appropriatetly. The bartender at the lobby bar is very good. His service was way above average, he helped me get a shuttle from the hotel to the airport and even made sure my dinner arrived in plenty of time so I was not rushed. The hotel can be a bit noisy over the weekends but so can any other hotel. There is a significant amount of homeless people on market street, but once you get off of market the problem drops off signficantly. There is also a small health club on the premises, 1 treadmill, 3 steppers and a weightlifting circuit.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay again! My girl friend and I stayed here to go to the Raider/Bronco's game and we enjoyed our stay. It is in a very transient part of town but we never felt threatened in any way. The hotel is old but has a lot of character. we did have to ask for a new bed spread but they were quick to bring a shrinkwrapped freshly laundered spread. The Starbucks in the lobby was great! and Burger king just across the street. The staff here was wonderful, very helpful. Parking is terrible though. Make sure you enter on market street from the east and park right in front while unloading baggage. Dont Panic, this may seem like you'll get a ticket or that you're in the way of traffic but this is accepted. there is NO parking at the hotel so park in the lot at the east corner 8th/market (just across the street to the east). It will cost you $18.00/night but it is secure. get the all inclusive transportation pass and use it instead of your vehicle. you'll see why when you get there! Its cheap and will get you on the cable cars, trolley cars busses and I think they call it the F line. Just a few blocks away is Buca Di Beppo (italian restraunt), you have to try it.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not my top pick in San Francisco Hotel needed updating...furniture and carpeting was well worn. View from window looked directly into the rooms of the Holiday Inn next door. Also didn't like the homeless people who were sleeping right outside the hotel. If your going to San Francisco to hang out in the Castro area, this hotel does have a closer location than the nicer hotels in the Union Square area. However, next time I'll stay near Union Square.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 times better than the reviews to date Made reservations for the Civic Center Ramada through Yahoo travel/Travelocity. Stumbled across the reviews here and became nervous.Experieces was great. Old hotel but helpful staff, nice room. Well worth the money paid.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vfmtraveler
<Content>Good to stay! Great Value On a vacation at San Francisco, stayed at the Ramada Plaza with family of two other adults. Our package was room and taxes only through EXPEDIA, did not include breakfast. The hotel is very conveniently located at the CIVIC CENTER, a few yards to the MUNI and a block away from the SFO Information Center. The hotel is very clean but the bathrooms are small, not surprising considering the prime real estate it is located on. Do not expect the spacious rooms of a suburban hotel! The bath and toilets are very well maintained, the service is very efficient and the reception staff very friendly and caring. However I tried to reach the hotel from the airport at 1 p.m. to verify if we could check in earlier than the 3 p.m. scheduled time and strangely were asked to come in person to find out. We did however using the BART (another reason to stay at the RAMADA as the BART conveniently connects direct to the AIRPORT - a ride of 5$ per person with all baggage) and were graciously checked in at 2 p.m. A starbucks right on the property offers a T MOBILE HOT SPOT (pay for use - I chose the 10$ option for day long connection). The hotel does not provide Internet facility. All tour operators stop at the hotel to pick up guests, and tours can be booked from there. The N JUDAH MUNI takes you to the Golden Gate Park, the F MARKET takes you to the Fisherman's WHARF, the BART takes you to BERKELEY, all within a minute of walk from RAMADA. The Hotel also allowed us a late check out at 1 p.m. A good hotel to stay if you really do not mind the long and high corridors typical of older buildings; to reiterate though, we found the rooms are well lit, efficiently airconditioned and maintained immaculately.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for the price! I am writing in defense of this hotel. I have stayed at this property about 5 different times in the past two years. If you can get a discount price I think this hotel is a great bargin in SF. The rooms I have stayed in have all been nicley furnished. Some of the rooms were very large... some where very small. But all very nice. I found the bath rooms to be a little small... but again... I was only paying 60 a nite in a great location in SF. The parking price is a little steep... but you can find parking very close by for a lot cheaper. Yes... there are a lot of homeless people in the area.. but what large city does not... I never have had a problem with them. I know that if you get a discount price on this hotel you will be very pleased with your experince. When ever I am on a budget in SF... this is where I stay.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>azavca
<Content>Not as bad a people say, its a san fran experience Got this room from priceline for only $55 so perhaps my review is tainted by the fact that I didn't pay $150/night to stay here, my expectations were lower :) The hotel lobby is very nice, it's crowded and noisy, I love that. If you want silent then don't stay downtown. I feel the hotel captures the San Francisco experience perfectly. Here's why ... 1 - The rooms are small, old, and renovated. Bathroom was old looking, naroow and small. Everything was clean. But San Fran is small and cramped and old, as was the hotel. But nice ... 2 - The homeless love the area around that hotel, no complaints. They are absolutely harmless! Homeless are a part of San Fran no matter what. The steet where the hotel is was amusing, we couldn't help but laugh, interesting stores. Not the expensive and chic part of san fran but we spent no time in that area, just passing by mainly. 3 - The location was very nice, we walked everywhere. It was very close to everything4 - Parking is a problem, as is the case in the entire city. You can easily park around the hotel area for about $8/day which isa great rate since the hotel charges around 30 but you have to remove it by night. We parked in the financial district the entire time w/o paying a penny and then took cabs, limos, or even walked everywhere else.If you want a good feel of the city stay here, it's not disappointing. If you get a good deal it's worth it but when we checked it the rate was $160 and I would not pay that. But if you want to be in the fancy uptight area in a $250/night hotel so be it, you just get a different perspective of San Fran.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms small and noisy My wife and I stayed 2 nights at the Ramada Plaza (9/17 - 9/19). The room was very small, and the noise off the street was bothersome. Parking per night was $20.00. We had to park off-site as the hotel's lot was full.The staff was friendly. We had breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, which was mediocre at best.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise I booked a room at the Ramada Plaza Downtown San Francisco several months ago for a five-night stay the week of Labor Day. After reading the many negative comments I was fully prepared to go to another hotel if I wasn't satisfied; I got a great rate of $55/night on Hotwire so it wouldn't have been a big financial loss if I left. However, I was pleasantly surprised and I would stay there again without hesitation.The hotel is conveniently located at the Civic Center BART stop--about a 30-minute ride from the airport for only $4.95. I arrived several hours before the 3:00 p.m. check-in time and the front desk clerk was professional and accommodating; I was given a room immediately.The room itself, though it might have been tight for two, was very comfortable for me alone. It was quite nicely furnished with pale yellow tone-on-tone striped wall paper and what appeared to be quite new carpeting and matching draperies and bedspread. There was a small walk-in closet with ironing board and iron. The bathroom could have used a bit of cosmetic upgrading--and the shower's water pressure could have been better--but it was otherwise clean and well-maintained.The lobby was really very nice and it was convenient having the Starbucks right there. There is also a restaurant just off the lobby which I tried one evening when I was too tired to go out. The food is just fair, and overpriced for the quality, so I'd skip it next time.Yes, there are homeless people outside the hotel but that's true of most of Market Street and Union Square as well. I wasn't harassed at any time and I also didn't witness other guests being bothered. They mostly seemed to be your basic burned-out, left-over San Francisco hippies.In addition to its proximity to the BART train, the hotel is convenient to the MUNI trains and busses. If you enjoy exploring a city on foot as I do, you'll find that the hotel's well located for walking to Union Square, the Casto, SoMa, and many other neighborhoods.Overall, my stay at the Ramada was a good experience at an exceptionally low price. I've certainly paid far more for hotels not as nice, including other more prestigious S.F. hotels that were disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel EVER!!! I've been to MANY hotels around the world, including some in Canada, Australia, the Caribbean, and throughout Europe and the U.S., and I can honestly say that this is probably the WORST hotel I've ever stayed in! I can think of maybe one that I stayed in as a child about 20 years ago in which there was a full-blown frat party on our floor that MAY have been worse. But, that's it. First, this hotel is completely old and ragged out. I don't think the rooms have been renovated since this hotel was built, which was probably circa the war of 1812. I've never been in a place where the toilet is SO close to the tub that you can't even sit on it without sitting half in the tub as well. Second, the staff is slow, rude, and incompetent. They had no idea how to handle their own parking procedures. And, they made up the room despite the fact that I had my Do Not Disturb sign hanging on the door. Third, the parking staff were the rudest most ignorant bunch of jerks I've EVER come across in a parking garage. I was given instructions by the front desk and the parking attendants said they were wrong and they refused to pick up the phone to call the front desk for clarification. Instead, they told me to go back to the front desk which is an entire block away while I was in a hurry to get to the airport. It was horrible. Ramada has always been teetering on the brink for me, but they are now permanently on my boycott list. Complaints have also been lodged with hotels, AAA, and Ramada management. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ramada me to never stay here! Without a doubt, the worst hotel (and I use the word hotel loosely) I hqave ever stayed in. This place is not even fit for my dog, who is half-blind and incontinent! The toliet seat was broken. There was no heat. The sheets and walls were filthy. The front desk spoke only languages that could be written in heiroglyphics. Never given a parking pass and this caused massive chaos! DO NOT STAY HERE.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful, Dreadful, Terrible!!! Rooms, hallways, lobby dark and dank, akin to The Shining. Homeless vagrants literally attacked us the moment we stepped out of the door. We feared for our safety during the daylight and did not want to roll the dice at night. Cut our losses, packed up and moved to the St. George on Geary. Vast constrast: the staff, rooms and location were very nice.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SingleTraveler98
<Content>Inexpensive lodging in San Francisco I have stayed at the Ramada Plaza several times, most recently over the July 4 weekend. I chose the hotel for its location, near the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, and its bargain price. The desk clerk was polite and attentive and got me a room on a high floor overlooking Market Street. Room hadn't been cleaned. I called housekeeping, and the supervisor rushed upstairs right away. She was very apologetic. Starbucks off the lobby, though not the best Starbucks I've been in with respect to service, fills the need. Use MUNI to travel east on Market because the homeless are everywhere. Internet service with compter is available at a reasonable cost in a room downstairs. Hotel was built in early 1900's and has been restored. Looks sharp if you like that kind of thing. Rooms are not large, but bathrooms have been modernized. I'd stay here again if I need to be close to that area of town.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful Location - Go elsewhere The positon of the hotel is dreadul, in an area full of homeless and beggars. Frightening during the day and too scary to go out at night. Rooms small and bathroom appalling. The only good thing is the price but in hindsight I would have paid a bit more for a better location  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here!! Full of homeless. Afraid for my safety I didn't want to leave the hotel and ended up leaving 3 days earlier.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rather be camping My girlfriend and I were appauled by the location of this hotel. Ramada positions this hotel to be a lot closer to the shopping at Union Square then it actually is. Yes its only 3 avenues, but you literally have to step over the homeless to walk there. Like previously stated, what our saving grace was the F street car right across the street, which took us right to Union Square and the Wharf and they ran regularly thru 1am. The rug in the room was saturated b/c the AC was dripping, i realized this after seeing my shoes that were on the carpet were SOAKED. We skeeved the bed spreads and our blankets had burn holes in them. The bathroom was hurrendous.. painted in --- brown, no room for sundries.. terrible. Oh when we expressed our concern about the homeless.. the check in person was like oh its windy and you got to watch the pick pockets HUH!!!!! HATED THIS HOTELEXPECTED MORE FROM RAMADA  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sallyad48
<Content>Homeless in San Francisco Hotel itself and rooms were not bad. However, very upset with situation of homeless people hovering around the hotel and sleeping in various doorstops within 50 feet of front entrance. Would never stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay - nice hotel Stayed here for honeymoon week, booked thru expedia.com. Only minor faults found, more plus's. Bathroom let it down - very stark and toilet cracked. Bed very soft but got used to it. On the plus side handy for ALL SF trourist spots via trains, busses  trams which all stop right outside. The Homeless are if anything, very polite!! Doormen extremely helpful. Thought reception staff were a bit brusque, except one who tried everything to find my lost sunglasses(even trawling lost property downstairs himself). Restaurant overpriced for what you got, but Starbucks a blessing in the mornings as no tea/coffee facilities in room.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Armsy
<Content>Stay somewhere else !!! Stayed here in November 2003 and thought it was awful, rooms tiny, bathrooms old and unclean, staff rude and unhelpful. The area where the hotel is situated is also quite rough and unenjoyable. On a plus side there is a Starbucks linked to the hotel for breakfast and the lobby was impressive but it stops there......pay extra and stay somehwere else !!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kerrkayaker
<Content>Hotel Sucked This hotel was anything but nice. Really the only nice part about it was the lobby. The rooms are small and smell. There were bugs on the bathroom floor. Hole covered by carpet in the room. I did not feel safe. Homeless and Whores all over. Food was horrible. They use instant mashed potatoes. I was trapped in an elevator. No compensation. Do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere.   
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have a choic, dont stay in Ramada Downtown I stayed in Ramada Downtown in early April 04 for our Honeymoon Wedding holiday. It was booked by our travel agent. Honestly, I agree with some feedbacks that the lobby  interior are very ENGLISH and alittle historical. But once we took the lift to our rooms, the corridor are spacious but not well lighted and a little eerie. Our room was located right at the very corner of that level. Rooms are clean,rather spacious,wc normal. The wardrobe very spacious indeed. No breakfast provided,no newspaper also. The bathroom was so noisy once we on the light. Sounds like the generator trying its best to light up the bathroom. Goodness, it was horrible. The bed is extremely soft, so if u have very bad back, will be a problem.The good thing is there is a bus stop and train right outside the hotel. The F bus can take u straight to Fishermen's Wharf. And burger king opposite of the hotel, as well as a chinese restruant 5 mins walk at the right side of the hotel. And indeed, many homeless people at night, so dont go out alone. At least the hotel has guards at night to keep strnagers out.Last but not least, if you have a choice, dont stay at this hotel. Futher up there is Holiday Inn, I suppose not much difference in $. Check it out there and see how. Thanks.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointed with location We booked this online because of the location, as it happens it was not as close to everywhere we wanted to be and as a result spent a fortune on taxis. (the buses looked as undesirable as the neighbourhood). Upon walking out of the hotel on the first day we discovered we were right in the heart of the red light district and in the tramps and beggars favourite place! The taxi drivers even used to lock the doors as they said they had had too many bad experiences (and they are local and used to it!) The hotel itself was clean but very noisy and the maids do come round early! The doormen were too pushy and arguing among themselves as to who was going to take our luggage and there was a very rude receptionist who spoke and swore very loudly (not at anyone but it could be heard in the lobby) The barman was also quite snappy. I would definately not return but if you are used to the undesirables and city life its probably fine for what you pay  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Bad Night! Worst room ever!!! I didn't sleep at all that night. Ever 5 minutes a siren going off, next minute the elevator door opening then people at 2 in the morning talking loudly and not to mention it was the cleaning staff.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worse than a bad motel 6 We stayed at Ramada for one night during a weekend trip to the city and it was like staying in a bad, run-down motel. The room was badly proportioned and horribly decorated. The bathroom was extremely small and barely functional - the drain in the shower did not work properly so we had to shower standing in a pool of water, the sink was so tiny it was practically unusable, and the door to the bathroom did not shut (not to mention locking). The room also strongly smelled like some sort of cleaner. It was cheap ($50/night, but parking is $23), though, and within a short walk from the Civic Center and concert halls.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a perfect stay I was priveleged to stay at this Ramada Jan. 16-19, 2004. The trip to San Francisco was a Christmas gift to my two daughters and we were not disappointed. You have to realize that San Francisco has a lot of homeless and derelict people and the neighborhood the hotel is in is not immune to this, but security at the hotel was very good and the location for tourist is excellent. The hotel staff was the most helpful and courteous i have found in a long time. The lobby and common halls are quite stunning in their decor. This is an old building so the rooms are small but very tastefully decorated. The bathrooms are very stark but they along with the rooms are clean and neat. This is not the Ritz-Carlton but for the price and location you cannot beat this hotel. Another plus is the subway stop is directly in front of the hotel entrance. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tenderloin is full of crazies Stayed Jan'04, 4 nights, worst 4 nights sleep of my life. Mattress is so soft it is a back killer. Hotel is situated in the Tenderloin area which is stuffed full of crazies, beggars and lowlifes on every corner. Rooms are very small. On the plus side the F street car stops right outside and takes you directly to Fishermans Wharf, the public spaces of the hotel are very pleasant, big plus is a Starbucks Cafe off the lobby and also had a fabulous meal on the Restaurant.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect if you are under 5 feet tall?   showReview(1540986, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Deal and A Great Location   showReview(1528662, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jim98122
<Content>Got more than I paid for   showReview(1370171, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal for central location   showReview(1129157, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fair Hotel, Horrible Neighborhood   showReview(1129148, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MadCityGoose
<Content>Roof over my head   showReview(1024762, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not like the Ramada Plaza   showReview(951543, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Staff, Dusty Bedrooms   showReview(835012, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good older hotel   showReview(697421, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(358358, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grossesmanitu
<Content>Gute Lage, sauber, aber nicht mehr   showReview(21419193, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	1	

<Author>bobby73roma
<Content>Buon hotel   showReview(21025110, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bonne surprise   showReview(20550322, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maya158
<Content>Hotel und Lage gut - Nachteil: viele Obdachlose in unmittelbarer Umgebung   showReview(19671458, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>enayl
<Content>A 茅viter   showReview(19436785, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>niama
<Content>Hotel Whitcomb, una buena elecci贸n   showReview(18930188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ttweet
<Content>Pessima zona!   showReview(18581532, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel mais avec des prestations moyennes   showReview(18531310, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Angie049
<Content>mittelm盲脽ig, gute Lage   showReview(16902991, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Made a good choice   showReview(17432805, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel gut - Umgebung nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(16591413, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimamente posizionato   showReview(16591410, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Domizil Downtown San Francisco   showReview(16591400, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2. Besuch in diesem Hotel   showReview(16591401, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>friscohotel   showReview(16591399, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 - calme - confort   showReview(16591411, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lithium1
<Content>Tolles Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis; von Gegend nicht abschrecken lassen       Rezeption  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel bien tr猫s situ茅 mais....   showReview(16591398, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rapporto qualita'/prezzo soddisfacente   showReview(15562037, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bad sehr eng.   showReview(15562033, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schoenes historisches Hotel   showReview(15562032, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Wahl   showReview(15562031, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vorteilhaft gelegen und gem眉tliches Ambiente   showReview(15562030, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>auf jeden Fall empfehlenswert   showReview(13977270, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(13977268, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mit vorsicht zu geniessen   showReview(13977267, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bulevard
<Content>Cuidado con la ubicaci贸n del hotel       Habitaci贸n standard  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚ner, zentraler Aufenthalt f眉r San Francisco   showReview(11661458, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vor- und Nachteile   showReview(11661457, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>dommage de ne pas s茅journer dans les parties communes   showReview(11307953, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伅銈堛亜銇屾不瀹夈伀蹇冮厤銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(19164299, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ElPatron
<Content>Hotel agr茅able   showReview(8465497, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161308, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11423081, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout juste correct   showReview(11423080, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix pour le centre de SF.   showReview(11413141, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>whitcombe (ex ramada downtown) SFO   showReview(11413140, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel.   showReview(11389682, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Decoroso   showReview(11372695, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>isabmm
<Content>La limpieza y los detalles en un hotel   showReview(6042839, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nichts besonderes   showReview(11343049, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel 3/5 quartier 1/5   showReview(5419497, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閬庨叿銇儧銉嗐儷銇嬨倝楂樼礆...   showReview(19925413, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儞銉冦偗銈汇兂銈裤兗椐呫伄...   showReview(19921437, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇勩仺銇勩亞鍗拌薄銇仾...   showReview(19917606, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兂銉曘儵銉炽偡銈广偝銇湞...   showReview(19916689, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

