<Author>PurpleTurtleTail
<Content>Excellent location near many small alley restaurants The hotel staff was excellent at being able to speak English and giving us directions and change without being condescending. The location was great with many small inexpensive restaurants nearby. We even went out on Sunday at 6 am and found quite a few choices for breakfast. Our package tour included the buffet so we did that every morning and the fruit and variety was much appreciated in the Western buffet. We never ate any other meals in the hotel because we were on an extreme budget but found many small restaurants in alleys closeby where we could eat for $10-20 each. We went to the corner convenience store to buy beer to drink in our room (although the vending machines on each floor dispense beer). One of our rooms was facing a building but our next room had a more sunny view on the other side of the annex building. It definitely felt like a neighborhood hotel with many foreign tourists which was great and not a glitzy fancy expensive hotel. The subways were a few blocks away and we walked to the Imperial Castle from the hotel. We also walked from Shinjuku down the Ometesando through Roppongi by the Tokyo Tower. The Narita bus dropped us off and picked us up very promptly. I would definitely stay at this hotel and in this neighborhood again. The accommodating staff and the location were the difference makers.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rexbo
<Content>good location for sightseeing pros:- central location in tokyo.- direct airport shuttle (Y3,000/one way).- good, professional staff, English proficient.- close to two subway stations.- clean.cons:- the room I was given had no environmental control; i.e. was either too cold or too hot.- limited and expensive internet access (two computers in the hallway: one of which was setup in japanese, 5 minutes/$1.- dated furniture and appearance (carpets, bed cover).- poor tv listing.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>arunto_berlin
<Content>Good location for daytime sightseeing LocationI stayed in the Shiba Park Hotel for one week of sightseeing. 3 subway lines and the Yamanote line can be reached in less than 10 minutes, so it's a great basis for daytime sightseeing. Tokyo World Trade Center (with it's gorgeous view over Tokyo Bay by night from the observation platform - don't miss it - and a Japanese Post office with international ATM) and Tokyo Tower can also be reached on foot. Ginza is just two subway stations away.BookingInitially I found the hotel on some hotel metasearch site, but the rates on the hotel's own (english language) website were about 10% better than the best alternative.RoomVery dated, probably should have been renovated 15 to 20 years ago (e.g. spots on the carpet, old furniture). However, cleaning personal is quite efficent. TV old, but three english speaking stations (CNNjapan, BBC World, CNBC). Empty minibar (which for me was a good thing, because the next convenience store is right next to the hotel and there are vending machines on each floor). Windows old, but hotel is located on a rather quite street without much car traffic.PersonalFriendly, efficent, english-speaking.SurroundingsMany small convenience stores, dozens of small restaurants, 24h-McDonald's, Starbucks, all in less than 5 min on foot. The next bigger food store with a good selection I found is one subway station away (1st floor of Shimbashi railway station). However not very much flashy nightlife (I didn't miss it, but that's just me).Who shouldn't book this hotel?If you want a modern and good looking room/hotel.If you want much nightlife, clubbing,..Who should consider booking this hotel?If you don't want to spend very much money on a good staging point for daytime exploration of Tokyo. For my needs the hotel was a very good choice.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mrs_S
<Content>Great location, great staff You can get to the hotel from Narita Airport on the Hotel bus, its the last stop on the route and takes about 1 and 1/2 hours. We stayed at the Shiba Park Hotel on our arrival in Tokyo for 2 nights and on the very last night we were in Japan. Staying on 2 different occasions made us aware that some of the rooms have been recently refurbished and are very pleasant, whilst others, though clean enough are tired and a bit frazzled round the edges! The location is excellent, just a couple of minutes walk to Daimon tube station  5 minutes from Tokyo Tower. The staff all speak excellent English, and as we found was typical throughout Japan are extremely polite, professional and helpful. We didn't eat in the restaurant, Starbucks is a minutes walk away for breakfast and getting to restaurants in the evening is very simple via the tube. We did have a drink in the bar one night, which was lacking in atmosphere and also very expensive. If I was going back to Tokyo I would be quite happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ana_toronto
<Content>Not a bad deal...       room in annex 7th floor (the 11th floor ones are nicer)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ssn0202
<Content>A Wonderful Stay at the Shiba Park Hotel Our family of five just returned from a wonderful trip to Japan (Tokyo and Kyoto). In Tokyo we stayed a total of nine nights at the Shiba Park Hotel. The staff there is very courteous and their english is very good. We had no problems at all with regards to communication. Services including safe deposit boxes and foreign currency exchange were right there, no need to go to a bank. The concierge desk was fully equipped to answer all of our questions, book tours, book transport to Narita Air[port as well as most other tourist needs. Bell staff were courteous, spoke good english and even refused a tip. Excellent marks to the staff.The rooms were large for Japan standards. We had a very large three bed room with a huge bath on the 12th floor of the annex. Our other room was a two bedroom unit on the 10th floor of the annex. It was also very large by Japanese standards for a two twin bed room. Each room had its own climate control as well as a TV with three english speaking channels (CNN, BBC and Bloomberg Financial). Japanese channels were also available. Very entertaining, even though we did not understand a word of what they were talking about! Pay channels were also available. Vending machines were available on most floors, though we found the convenience store at the end of the block to be less expensive and offer more selections.We ate breakfast every morning at the western cuisine coffee shop. It was a full hot/cold breakfast buffet. Very pricey, but similar to most all other Japanese hotels for a comparable breakfast, about $20/person. There is a Starbucks and McDonalds a short walk away. We ate dinner one night there after a late tour. Dinner was less expensive than breakfast! We didn't try any of the other restaurants in the hotel as they were pricey and there are several choices for meals of all kinds within a short walk.Location was very good. A three minute walk to Daimon subway station, five minute walk to Hammamatsucho (JR) train station. As you may know, there are always many restaurants near train stations.The overall appearance of the hotel is nice and clean. The hotel facilities are somewhat dated, but most fixtures are updated and fully functional.I highly recommend the Shiba Park Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Newfie43
<Content>Excellent Choice for us! March 14th -19th This was our first visit to Tokyo ( couple in our mid sixties) so we chose this hotel based on the reviews here and for the ease of getting to it from the airport. We booked directly with the hotel from their website where they offered a promotional rate. We found it's location to be excellent for accessing the train/subway system and it was close to places to eat. The Zozoji Temple nearby made for a nice outing and we were able to walk to the Hinode Pier in about 20 minutes for the Sumida River Cruise.The check-in was quick and there was an ease of communication in English with the staff. They were also very helpful with the questions we had. The hotel has two buildings - we were in the annex in Room 1703 - you had to walk outside to access it. It was more of a business hotel than a resort type. The room was like the pictures on their website. It was compact but not cramped and had everything we needed. We appreciated the coffee/tea facility, the mini fridge and the internet access. Everything was clean and spotless. We availed of their breakfast buffet in the Primula Cafe on our first morning. It was excellent, but at 4600Y for 2 it was too expensive for us to repeat. McDonald's was a 5 minute walk away and there were several other places nearby to have dinner.Overall we would highly recommend the Shiba Park Hotel as a medium priced place to stay in Tokyo and would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>FamilyTravels
<Content>There are better choices out there The stink emanating from the bathroom is the key reason I would not stay here again. The rooms were dingy and the location is ok, but not great. Our very expensive rooms did not include breakfast, which meant shelling out 2100 yen per person for a very average buffett!! Beds were lumpy, and room temp swung wildly between too hot and too cold. The only redeeming feature of this hotel was the excellent staff, all of whom spoke fluent English (important in a crisis), and all of whom were helpful above and beyond the call of duty. Nevertheless, the rooms smelled, and at these prices, that's not cool.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	4	5	1	

<Author>Ciaran-O
<Content>A mixed bag Shiba Park Hotel is situated far from the madding crowd if you're looking for the heart of Tokyo. It is within walking distance of trains, Tokyo Tower and some shopping. Airport Limousine (coach) is direct from and to Narita Airport for Y3,000 each. Viator Tours are also direct to the door. Unfortunately the Airport Limousine has Shiba Park last on the drop off so that the hour trip from Narita became two and a quarter hours for two very jet-lagged guests. I also stayed here in 2001 and the experience then was much the same as now. The staff are very helpful and pleasant especially the three young people in charge of guest baggage. Reception is efficient. There were no problems in leaving baggage at the hotel during the day of departure while waiting for a flight as is the case in many European hotels. The room and bathroom were small but well maintained and very clean. We dined in the Japanese restaurant where the service was good but the food was in tiny,tiny portions that did not match the size of the bill. Breakfast each day (stayed 4 days) provided a good range of food that needs to be accessed as early as possible as by 08.00 it has been warming for too long. For non-smokers though these eateries are a blessing where one can breathe freely compared to restaurants throughout Japan where it is almost compulsory for all adult males to smoke at the table. Internet access available but you need your own laptop or pay a fee that is rather too high. My only real concern is the unpleasant aroma that pervades the street outside the hotel, from the sewer it seems, during the day and by mid afternoon has entered the lobby. This did not impact on either occasion on the rooms I have used .  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lilikagirl
<Content>Very pleasant! :) We found the location very convenient as the hotel is close to the main bus station for tours and close to the train station which gives very easy access to all of Tokyo.The staff were impeccable, there was no language barrier problems (as the staff all spoke english) and staff were eager to help out with subway maps and had good suggestions for sightseeing.Although the hotel seems to be mainly catered to business clients we found it enjoyable as tourists on a four day stay.The room was clean and pleasant, with a vending machine (you can't escape them in Japan!) in the hall near the elevator. Convenient for water, coffee/tea's and other drinks without having to go to a shop outside the complex at 4am!All in all the stay at Shiba Park was very pleasant.:)  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Namdets50
<Content>Excellent - Highly recommended I have to be honest, brochures didn't give us a lot of hotels to choose from in Tokyo. As it was our first visit, I chose the Shiba Park after reading reviews on this site. We were not dissapointed - thanks to the staff and facilities at the Shiba Park. From the moment we arrived by shuttle from the airport, the staff went out of their way to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. They were courtious and friendly, nothing being a bother. I would recommend this hotel to any english-speaking tourist visiting Tokyo for the first time - I can guarantee that they will want to go back for more...  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>3comguy
<Content>Best Hotel in Tokyo I found the hotel to be more then what i expected. it was located just a few blocks from the major train stations, which made it easy to travel around Japan.The staff went beyond the duties to accomodiate us on providing information about different places to visit around Tokyo.During our nine (9) day travel to Japan (traveling with my son and neice) we found the room to accomodiate us just right, there was convient space avaliable to unpack our bags and be able to relax and enjoy our visit.There are many restaurants and markets and stores within walking distance of the hotel. It gave us the ability to try different meals at reasonable prices. The japanese people are so polite in helping or directing you to their favor places of eatery.I would recommend this hotel to all my friends and every time we travel to Japan, we will stay at Shiba Park Hotel. One a scale of 1 to 10, Shiba Park Hotel rates above a 10 +++++.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajc13b
<Content>Super place! Have stayed at the Shiba Park Hotel 3 years running on stays in Tokyo.The good: The location is super convenient to 2 train lines and is also a stop on the limousine bus service straight out of Narita. The reception staff are always friendly and more than willing to help out! They even bring our huge snowboard and ski bags right up the room for us! The not so good: - Getting to Haneda airport isnt as easy as getting to/from Narita. The reception organised a hire mini van to take our crew to the airport which was cool though and wasnt much more expensive that a bus.- The beds are comfy and soft, but only though being well worn. If you like a hardish mattress, you may not have a good nights sleepI will always stay at the Shiba park. The price is spot on and the location is great.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>blinx
<Content>Good location, standard business hotel If I was to stay in an average hotel classified as business, Shiba Park is pretty much it.Once my friend and I arrived by shuttle, we were greeted by staff who were courteous and took the time to point out information on maps, etc.Room was bigger then we had expected, and the location is really quiet. Not in central area but had no problems travelling to the central areas via JR.Some of my favourite eat places turned out to be located close to the hotel, such as a Unagi eel place recommended by the hotel but only for the adventurous (food was fresh and delicious, we truly mingled with locals). Japanese food around this area worth trying.Facilites in our room such as bathroom were modern and clean.Only complaint was their so called business centre was two shoddy computers crammed in the lobby. Whenever I wanted to use the Internet, there were heaps of people from foreign school tours also wanting to use it. Also, computer rates not cheap, compared to most other Japanese hotels where Internet is free.For the price I paid, I would stay here again with a friend, or for business for a few days.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>chrissw
<Content>Not to be recommended if you have a choice I was booked into this hotel by my company while staying in Tokyo on business. I was moved here from the Radisson because the Shiba Park is only a few minutes' walk from our office. In many ways I wish I had insisted on staying at the Radisson, and put up with the additional travel.The good points: the room was very clean with a comfortable bed. And that's about all.The bad points: although the reception area promises at least a reasonable experience, the room itself didn't live up to my expectations. It was very old fashioned and appeared to have been built perhaps in the 1970s and never refurbished since then. Everything about it said tired and old.This was a single room, but even so the bathroom was tiny, cheaply decorated and some of the fittings were in serious need of renewal.There was very little storage space: three small drawers and a fixture on the wall which was supposed to serve as a wardrobe; it is simply insufficient for a week's business stay anywhere in the world.I didn't use the hotel's restaurants. I did however take breakfast every day of my stay and that also left much to be desired. There was no fresh fruit at all, only the tinned variety in syrup offering a morning sugar overload. The coffee was rough and bitter. The choice of pastries was meagre and unreliable, i.e. different every day (perhaps that was a deliberate policy?)To summarise I would avoid this hotel if you can. There are much better ones in the area (as some of my colleagues know!)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Mounh
<Content>Good Location but Room Below Average... I have spend 2 nights there and in short:- rooms are indeed bigger than most other hotels in japan- no internet available in the room- bed is as hard as wood- the rooms cleanliness is well below average compared to what you usually get in Japan (stains on the wall, on the carpet etc...)- despite having asked for a non smoking room, I got a stinky room with yellow walls, I believe the only difference they make between smoking and non-smoking room is that they give you an ashtray or not...- I haven't tried the food, nor the breakfast, but there are anyway too many restaurants in the area to waste time in the hotel restaurants- the location is good, within walking distance of the Hamamatsu-cho JR Station next to the World Trade Center. You are also within walking distance of Ginza, with some very interesting bars...to conclude, I will personally never stay there again as I have seen much better hotels in Japan, and this one is definitely not worth the price you pay (15.000 JPY per night for a double bed room).  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	4	3	1	

<Author>TorontoAsiaTraveller
<Content>Recpetion service very Un-Japanese My family  I stayed in this hotel back in Dec.06. Quite disappointed. The Reception service was horrible, very Un-Japanese. I've been to Japan on many occassions stayed at other hotels (other cities) during this trip, and was quite taken aback at the rudeness of the reception clerks. On a few occassions, we had asked questions regarding location and suggestions. One evening (male) clerk was impatient with our questions, and clearly did not try to hide his frustration or contempt in answering our typical tourist questions. The morning (male) clerk was not as rude, but was clearly not accomodating either. The 2 other female receptionists, were more professional--though lacking in Japanese hospitiality. Shiba Park is fairly close to the subway (JR), approx. 3 blocks or a 10 minute walk. This is the only selling point that the hotel has to offer. The hotel itself is quite old  dated. Don't be fooled by their website. One would guess that the owners have spent little on renovation. We stayed in the supposed newer building, and found the room to be of decent size. Then again, we had booked a room for 3 adults, so we were given a larger room. As for cleanliness, this hotel did pass. But I have yet to encounter a hotel that failed the cleanliness test in Japan. I would never stay in this hotel again, and would not recommend it to any travellers. The only reason I stayed, was because this was the only hotel that offered 3 person occupancy for a reasonable rate. Obviously, a bad choice on my part.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>BirminghamSpengler
<Content>Great Kimono's First time in Tokyo and very pleased with this hotel. On many reviews we'd read we knew that Tokyo hotel rooms were smaller than than most other places and that was indeed the case here, but it more than had everything we needed including funky kimono's in the room to wear after a shower.The location of the hotel was ideal for exploring as near to underground station which is only a few stops from the centre and within easy walking distance to the Tokyo Tower.The staff were also top notch, very friendly and more than helpful. Would definitely stop here again if returning to Tokyo.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Sweetpotater
<Content>Satisfied with our stay Like other posters have noted, we found the decor in our room very dated. We made fun of the fact that a console figured prominently in our lives, but we loved that that console had conveniently placed bedside light dimmer knobs. There were three of us and the room had three single beds, pleasantly firm mattresses, comfortable pillows, extra blankets. Our corner room was totally dark at night (and in fact could have used better lighting by day), totally quiet, and truly smoke-free. It was a basic western bathroom with good water pressure in the shower. The room was small but not tiny; we would have liked more drawers but had a full closet and we did not feel cramped.Maid service was great. Service in general was quite helpful - moreso than most American hotels - but to some degree I suppose that is a Japanese thing. I did send an e-mail query before our stay that went unanswered. The concierge desk was pretty helpful about making phone calls and printing out maps. The cocktail lounge in the annex was quite nice and while pricy had a half-price happy hour from 5 to 7 daily. Good live jazz combo Friday nights.The neighborhood seemed a little boring but the hotel was located near three key train lines. There were restaurants around if we needed them, and a convenience store.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>A good hotel We stayed in this hotel for 4 days and found it to be very satisfactory. It is in a good central location without being noisy. The staff were very friendly and helpful. While the decor is a little dated, the rooms are of a good size and well appointed, and certainly good value for money. The only gripe I would have is that the food in the restaurants was a bit average for the price, but as far as the room itself was concerned, it was perfectly adequate.I would happily stay at this hotel again next time I am in Tokyo.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again if in Tokyo as first choice My wife and I stayed at Shiba Park for 7 nights in April 2006. We found the facilities and service excellent. The staff on the front desk have very good English and the lady on the information desk went out of her way to help plan trips etc. There is also a Customer Relations Manager who is very willing to resolve any issues that may arise. No experience of the restaurants apart from the Primula Coffee Shop which serves a good buffet breakfast to set you up for the day.Tony Mayston,Buckingham,England  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Foss4
<Content>Nothing special but good location Stayed for 3 nights. Hotel was clean but nothing special, seemed old fashioned compared to other hotels I've stayed in. Didn't eat in the restaurants. Location wise, not far from train stations, and also within walking distance of Tokyo Tower and Hinode Pier (useful for taking boat trip to other parts of the city). Upon arrival, I thought it was not in a particularly good location but having managed to reach everywhere I wanted very easily and not having been disturbed by noisy roads etc, I would recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and comfortable For my first trip tp Tokyo, I stayed here with no problems. The room and bathroom were a good size and the tv had at least one English channel, although Japanese game shows are more entertaining than CNN. Check out the toilet with seat warming and cleaning functions. Breakfast was standard tea, coffee, OJ, toast with jam and selected pastries. Nothing special, but it started you up for the day. The staff were friendly and accommdating. The hotel is conveniently located near JR Hamamatsucho station (about 10-15 mins walk). The Onarimon and Daimon stations are located nearer, but I used Hamamatsucho all the time as it does the city circle run (Tokyo, Harajuku, Shibuya, Shinjuke etc). The Tokyo Tower is also about a 10-15 mins away.The Shiba park Hotel may not be the flashiest or best looking, but it was convenient, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out, they're hot I booked at the Shiba Park Hotel, then due to circumstances beyond my control, I had to cancel  the cancellation fee was 100% !!Now that's hot!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hellomachka
<Content>good location clean hotel, near to train station  restaurants. rooms were on the smaller size. staff was pleasant. would recommend it! neighborhood is quiet  near to a major bus station.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Great little hotel in Tokyo, great location !! A perfect starter hotel for Tokyo!The Shiba Park hotel is in a great little location. Sure, it's better to be right in the middle of Ginza but you don't want to pay a fortune every time. And if it's your first trip to Tokyo, why spend a fortune when you don't know your way around and don't know where you want to stay.(The different parts of Tokyo are wildly different. Many famous hotels, notably say the Park Hyatt, are in what to me are totally rubbish, unusable, locations.)There are all sorts of interesting things to walk to from the door of thr Shiba Park (say, the Tokyo Tower .. sort of like the Eiffel Tower! .. excelllent gardens, a temple, etc) and it's an easy longer walk or ride to Ginza and all the rest of Tokyo.There are any number of little noodle shops and the like at hand, and yes a McDonalds for the kids just around the block!MOST IMPORTANTLY it is very easy to get to and from Narita, to the Shiba Park ... just figure out the bus which goes to and from Narita, to the Shiba Park front door (it also goes to certain other hotels on a loop).This is far and away -- USUALLY -- your best way to get to and from the airport to this particular hotel anyway. Certainly from the hotel back to the airport, take that bus.Coming from the Airport, you may want to take the train (go in to the basement of the airport and easily find the train - but you have to buy the train ticket upstairs before you go down! heh!) to Tokyo Station - then just get a taxi to Shiba Park Hotel please.The hotel is a little older - not really run down but just a bit older. It's kind of how you'd think of a really really good motel in the USA, say. Room sizes are acceptable-to-good. If you have kids, definitely get the largest room you can possibly afford (but that's true of any hotel in Tokyo).(Tokyo hotel rooms are not ABSOLUTELY LAUGHABLY MINISCULE like Parisian hotel rooms, but they are a bit small sometimes!)Like many Tokyo hotels it rather sprawls over a couple of annexes .. we have stayed in both the front and rear building and both are much the same. I've stayed here on my own, with the family (small children) etc and it has been plenty of fun in all cases. It's kind of a 6 or so story building .. which is nice, it's not like staying in a megahotel. Sort of a neighborhood hotel, it feels like.Value is good-to-OK, just try to get a good room rate. If you get a good rate, you're totally set, it's a great deal. The staff are 100% nice and truly kind, but that's basically true of all Japanese hotels (and all Japanese people!) They always love our two small girls, it's great.Really, if you're not staying at a top hotel, you'll find it hard to beat the Shiba Park or somewhere very like it (I can't think of anywhere just like it).The Shiba is DEFINITELY MUCH BETTER than most other hotels in the same price category ... many of the hotels in the category are in those weird Tokyo locations, like say a building stuck over an elevated railway or something in the middle of a 100% business district where you find yourself wondering why the heck you booked that hotel!Again if you have not been to Tokyo before and you just find it mystifying (and why wouldn't you -- the ---- maps are printed sideways! :) ) you definitely won't go wrong at the Shiba Park, the perfect starter hotel for Tokyo.During one stay ... a beautiful, indeed magical, Japanese traditional wedding party was leaving from the lane in the middle of the hotel. We and all the other guests stopped and watched...very beautiful!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elliscm
<Content>Quiet, friendly, clean! Would stay again anytime! We stayed at the Shiba Park Hotel for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon in August 2003. It was our 鈥渓anding hotel鈥?where we could get adjusted to jet lag and weather. The hotel was absolutely perfect for this purpose. We were very pleased with it, and would absolutely consider going again. I got an excellent rate on Expedia 鈥?they seem to have an ongoing relationship.The neighborhood is wonderful. It is very quiet and easy to find from the nearby Yamanote stop (Hamamatsucho). The hotel is nestled in among quiet residential streets, and is within walking distance of a large shrine and cemetery (Zojoji) for a famous Japanese shogunate family (I forgot which one.) Since we were up at 5 am, it was fun to go explore our neighborhood in peace and quiet.We did have drinks down in the bar 鈥淭he Fifteens鈥?one night. I got a kick out of it 鈥?it reminded me of a classic 1950鈥檚 American lounge, with a waiter in a tux vest and everything. Not a bit Japanese but very nice. They had great western beers (for me) and whiskeys (for my husband.) The restaurants looked very nice, however, we were on a crazy schedule and ended up eating a lot of noodles and izakaya food instead (there鈥檚 an izakaya on the street that runs between the Hamamatsucho station and the hotel 鈥?perfect!The only problem we had here 鈥?as we had throughout the entirety of our stay, is that we were placed in a room with two double beds (standard twin). For our honeymoon! This happened constantly in Japan, so I assume it鈥檚 more common than a king-sized bed. Other than the beds, our room was relatively spacious (by Japanese standards) and VERY quiet. We slumbered like cats. The room was also very clean and comfortable, with AC that we used a lot in the August heat.I speak very broken Japanese and my husband speaks none, however the desk staff was multilingual and this was not a problem. I got a far better exchange rate at the hotel than at Narita, FYI.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PerpetualTraveller
<Content>Great Location, Good Value The hotel appears to be a little old and tired and could do with a modern refurbishment, however the rooms were always kept neat and tidy by the housekeeping staff. No complaints with the service - as always in Japan the staff are very courteous and are always willing to help. The breakfast was very pleasant.The location of the hotel is a plus - 5 minutes walk to the nearest JR station and a stones throw from some nice Tokyo sites. I would consider staying at this hotel again in the future for my leisure travels.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clean tidy good location This is a very good mid priced hotel. Well appointed rooms and adequate light breakfast. Close to both daimon and shiba-koen subway stations (both about 500mtrs). Tokyo tower approx 250mtrs, Roppongi nightlife centre straight on 250mtrs. Centre of Tokyo approx 3 kms. If travelling south to Mt Fuji, Hakoni area check local subway stations for connections instead of going into Tokyo station you save heaps if using the shinkansen.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>鍙ゃ亜銇戙仼鑹亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20332920, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Titi06
<Content>Bon h么tel, bien situ茅   showReview(20191591, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Kleriker
<Content>Mittelklasse Hotel in Tokio   showReview(19953239, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soddisfaciente   showReview(20555292, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luz76
<Content>Shiba Park: porto sicuro a Tokyo   showReview(19375374, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>torquemada1269
<Content>meglio le parti comuni che la camera   showReview(11488400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anagillia
<Content>Mal en general. Caro y huele mal.   showReview(8110828, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualita/prezzo   showReview(11388111, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage der Zimmer   showReview(11384550, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

