<Author>MissTLI
<Content>Stayed there on 12/3-12/7 2008 We were a group of 6 adults with tons of luggages. The hotel made our stay much more easier by assigning us close to each other and was able to accommodate our special request-we needed 1 King room and the other with 2 beds. Front desk staff (we encountered 4 different staff) were very attentive. Even though we booked from priceline, we had no problem getting what we requested.After C/I, we called HSK for more towels and bathroom supply. They arrived in timely fashion. The room also equipped with microwave. This was a surprise to us, which we were very appreciated since the elderly in my group needs to warm up some milk for breakfast. All in all, nice job! We enjoyed our time in San Fran!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>IheartSF326
<Content>Good hotel for the price I stayed here for 5 nights Sept. 14-19. A little off the beaten path, but easy access to The City. No noise, despite being near SFO. The staff was extremely courteous and went out of their way to make guests feel welcome. Breakfast was a good choice at Houlihan's. Reasonably priced and served quickly in the mornings, however the staff was disorganized and indifferent (to say the least) in the evenings.Rooms are modern and clean, not much of a view. But I spent most of my time seeing The City and exploring the magnificent food, so who needs a view?  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SharonToji
<Content>This is our third stay here for business. We have to come to San Francisco for sign installations at local schools, and this hotel serves our needs very well. It's convenient to the freeway and gets us in SF fairly quickly. The staff is very nice. The rooms are comfortable, and Houlihan's is convenient for breakfast and when we have worked all day and don't feel like searching for parking on Geary, it's great to sink into a booth there and have a salad or hamburger. We tried the Holiday Inn Express a couple of blocks away this trip, and moved after two nights to the Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvsf
<Content>What A Pleasant Surprise!! Spent two nights (11/15  11/16/2008) here using Hotwire.com for $56 per night and what a STEAL! There are two towers to this hotel, connected with a glassed-in walk-way. The lobbies and common areas of the hotel have been newly renovated and are very classy and upscale. The check-in personnel made us feel welcomed and as if we were paying the highest rate for the night ($159 according the Holiday Inn's website). We were given a non-smoking, King Leisure room with microwave  dorm size refrigerator. The vanity area was separate from the TINY tub/toilet area, but it was fine. The room was SPOTLESS and we were told the rooms will begin renovations in January 2009. This hotel is located 5 to 8 minutes from the Rental Car location (depending on stop lights). There is a nice Houlihans Restaurant in the hotel; we elected to eat there one night so my husband could have a couple of beers and not have to worry about driving. The service there was excellent as was the food.When leaving the parking lot, there is a stop light and you simply go straight and you are on Hwy. 101 North! We usually go I-280 to 19th Av. when going into San Francisco and it takes 20 minutes from the Holiday Inn.There is a Costco within a couple of blocks and also a McDonald's. I also noticed an IHOP nearby, but not much else.We would definitely like to return there because we were treated like visiting royalty!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MspTripper
<Content>Convenient airport hotel For a Holiday Inn it's slightly above average. The room was great, nice furnishings in pretty good shape. What is getting to be the standard bed covers with the selection of soft and firm pillows, good mattress. Bathroom nicely done. Layout of the hotel on the lobby level and entrance was out and out weird. Got in late, ~ midnight and left early morning before daybreak so it was a brief stay. Really liked the convenience to the airport, Fox rental cars and the freeway.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jazmeen
<Content>unexpected surprise I stayed at this Holiday Inn for only a couple nights expecting to just get through the stay (Holiday Inn's have a rep of being out of fashion) but to my surprise I was greeted by a beautiful renovated lobby and a warm staff that really seemed to go out of their way to make sure my family and I were comfortable. They made sure that I got my requests taken care of and even gave me a courtesy call making sure I settled into my room ok! I must say that my perception of the Holiday Inn has changed since I have stayed here and plan on staying here more often when I come to the west coast!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kristy_misty
<Content>very helpful staff inspite of the reviews that i read here, i booked this particular hotel because of its conveniences to get all over the city of san francisco but not just the airport. And i am writing this here because i was surprised at the end of the stay i was happy with service and the staff of the hotel. The staff were very friendly and willing to help you in everyway, the restaurent was great, even though the rooms needed little upgrading they were very clean and i had no major issues with this hotel. been said that i would definetely try to get the same place for same rate the next time i go to san francisco.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DCinAZ
<Content>Good, Solid Airport Hotel This turned out to be an very good stay, but please read my review so we can keep in mind that sometimes reviewers are not open-minded or that hotels can change.  I made this reservation through hotwire.com, which does not allow purchasers to see which hotel they are reserving when booking a stay. They merely give you a rating and a class. They also reference a tripadvisor rating, if available. So, when I saw an excellent price ($64.00 per night before taxes and charges) for a hotel rated by hotwire at 3 stars plus a tripadvisor rating at 3.5, I thought, this can't be bad. Besides, I had checked tripadvisor.com prior to consulting hotwire and the hotels rated at 3.5 by tripadvisor were good hotels. I'd had had good experiences with hotwire.com before, so I bought my travel package without knowing which it would be. To my horror, it turned out to be this Holiday Inn, and I say to my horror, because I had noticed this hotel on tripadvisor.com, and prior to my visit, it had a customer rating of 2 or 2.5 stars, and some very negative recent comments, although there were one or two comments that were positive. So, I was predisposed, because of what I had read on tripadvisor.com, to believe this was not going to be a good experience. My wife and I stayed for 7 days and 6 nights. We were given a room with two beds, which were both queens (a good thing; hotels should dump standard beds and get queens from now on), which we need because our son stayed with us a couple of nights.  The room was clean, well-appointed. There is wallpaper in the bathroom that was peeling, but it wasn't anything horrific. Besides, I've seen peeling wallpaper in other hotels, which should be a lesson to hotels not to use it in humid areas such as bathrooms. The room service was adequate and always done before we arrived back for the evening. The beds were comfortable and roomy. The bathroom was old-looking, but clean and the shower had adequate water pressure and sufficient hot water.  The hotel is located in an industrial park-airport hotel area just north of the airport, to which it has easy access via a road that runs right in front of the hotel and parellel to the 101 freeway. It is right off the northbound 101 freeway, and the northbound freeway exit actually feeds directly into the hotel's parking lot (after crossing a controlled intersection, of course). This means that the access to the northbound 101 to The City (San Francisco) is right out of the parking lot, once crossing the intersection. However, access to the southbound 101 and returning from areas north of the hotel off the southbound 101 is more complicated.  This is a good hotel for visiting the San Francisco Bay area without having to be in San Francisco, which means FREE PARKING! Hotel parking in The City is outrageous, so if you find a good rate on a hotel in The City, but you have to drive count on your daily hotel rate to increase from $11.00 to over $40.00 per day, if your in-city hotel even has parking. Some airport hotels charge for parking, but many do not. Always check if there is daily parking charge, or your visit could become more expensive than you realized. Luckily, this Holiday Inn had free parking, which is definitely a plus.  This is not a resort, it is a business-airport hotel. It was clean, comfortable and quiet, in spite of its proximity to the airport. It has a very attractive lobby area and a nice restaurant-bar on the premises, Houlihan's that, though it had spotty and usually indifferent service, was a nice place to relax after a long day. Even better, there is an IHOP just a hop, skip and a jump down the road from the hotel for real, good American breakfasts and lunches. When I travel, I want my hotel to be clean, comfortable, quiet, safe and moderately roomy with a good location. Okay, the view out the window was industrial park, but I was not going to be at the hotel all day. It was just a place to get cleaned up, change clothes and sleep. They were doing some renovations, but it never interfered with my stay. The Holiday Inn SFO North met all my criteria. It is a solid, 3-star hotel. I would stay there again and will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>cfl122
<Content>The definitive review Stayed here for 5 nights towards the end of June 2008. Despite the experiences of other travellers in this forum, I am pleased to say that I had a pleasant stay at this hotel.I asked for a non-smoking 2 x double-bed room which I was provided with. The room was clean and comfortable during my entire stay. More importantly, my room was definitely smoke-free. Except for a minor tear in the wall paper (which I would not have noticed except for the fact that I read it in this forum), the room was tastefully decorated (a la Holiday Inn style). Staff at the hotel was at all time pleasant and helpful (for example, the receptionist asked if I wanted to have a crib brought to my room when she saw me carrying my baby). In addition, parking at the hotel was free and plentifull. The only minor negative was that I needed to fiddle around with the shower faucets to get hot water and, on hot days, the air-conditioner in the room was not powerful enough.Access to downtown SF was easy and took around 20 mins by car. I did not encounter and LA-type traffic jam.If management is reading this review, hoped you consider:1. Providing free-internet service from the computer station. You are not generating much revenues from them anyways but proviing free internet access will generate much good-will which will pay-off in the future;2. Provide free cookies or other goodies as other hotels are now doing.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>EurekaFamily
<Content>Pleasantly surprised... Booked a three star hotel on Priceline ($60 for one night) and groaned when we were given the Holiday Inn. Anticipating the worse when we read all the awful reviews on Trip Advisor, we were very pleasantly surprised with our one night stay. Beautiful lobby, free parking (where else can you find that in San Fran?) and very attentive and welcoming staff. Getting a nonsmoking room with two beds was no problem, and no extra charges for our two kids. Yes, there the wallpaper was peeling in some spots in the room, but everything was very clean and the beds were new pillow top mattresses...very comfy. Five minutes after we arrived in the room, an assistant manager phoned us to make sure we had everything we needed. The TV worked, there was free internet, and in the morning, we enjoyed a hearty, inexpensive breakfast in the hotel restaurant...and our kids ate for free. We would stay here again, mainly because the entire staff is obviously dedicated to providing excellent customer service.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beachbabyone
<Content>Stated that it was 3 1/2 star more like 1 1/2 When we arrived we were told there were no Non-Smoking rooms available. We were informed that since we had booked on Hotwire we did not get a choice. They put us in a wheelchair accessible room since folks who stay in those rooms don't usually smoke. It did not smell like smoke, but something else that was not so nice. Needless to say we left the window open the rest of our stay. Next, I went in to use the bathroom and the door was off the hinges. I closed it and became stuck inside. At that point I looked in the shower and there was the previous tenants used toiletries and the shower was obviously not cleaned. Yuck! We located a maintenance man across the hall and he made sure things were handled, door repaired and bathroom cleaned up. ALSO, TV remote batteries were dead, lights burnt out and other small maintenance issues were discovered. In general not very clean or maintained. The following day we went into SF came back in the early evening to find NO PARKING ANYWHERE. Then...Later that same evening, we were resting when someone knocks at the door...and before we can get to the door, opens it with a pass key -- They thought we had checked out??? and were giving our room to someone else? What next? We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>idvargas
<Content>Great Service, Rooms need updates The location was perfect...we needed a rental car and were able to walk to the terminal. The service was great...we came in very late, right before the shuttle stopped for the night, and they made a special trip for us and gave us a King bed. The only thing I would say is that the rooms need to be upgraded. The back of our toiled was taped with a big crack and the wallpaper was taped to the wall. The air conditioning was very loud. The lobby is pretty and the restaurant is great! other than that, it was an average experience.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	5	2	

<Author>MobileTraveler30
<Content>Holiday Inn SFO - Not for non-smokers If you are a non-smoker, I would suggest you try another hotel. They do not have enough rooms set aside for non-smokers and the only rooms available are the smoking rooms when you arrive. I asked for another room and they said they had no non-smoking rooms available. The hotel did not seem very crowded. I asked when a non-smoking room would be available and they said they did not know and that it was my responsibility to ask the front desk every morning. Perhaps they like non-smokers staying in the smoking rooms so your clothes can help soak up the smoke particles in the these rooms. You do receive retro Holiday Inn match books in the multiple ashtrays scattered around the room and bathroom as a benefit. I think this Holiday Inn may cater to groups from Asia that have a higher percentage of tourists who wish smoking rooms.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	-1	4	

<Author>Chicago_ILGolfnut
<Content>Terrible! I booked this hotel with family for a couple of nights visit to San Francisco because of the proximity from the airport. I have found out that this is only good thing about this hotel. At the front desk, the staff was somewhat rude when she told that we could not get a nonsmoking room because we are not a priority customer because we booked through a third party and we got a low rate for our stay. I thought my nightmare is over, but upon entering our room, the room STINKS. It smells like urine. I am not exaggerating. The TV and the air conditioner is not working. We have to open the windows the whole night and of course being near the expressways and airport you have to chose between a stinky room or a noisy room. If would never come back in this hotel again.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>FrequentBizTraveler
<Content>Okay - but probably should be classified a two star property I have mixed feelings about this hotel. I agree with the previous reviewer who stated that this property apparently has not been party of Holiday Inn's systemwide updgrades. On the plus side: Convenienient location (but see note below), friendly helpful staff, quick check-in, nice Houlihans restaurant in the lobby (which also handles the room service). On the negative side: Parking situation very tight and if you arrive too late in the day, there are no spaces, free internet service varied wildly from fast to snails pace, peeling wallpaper in the room (although it was clean). Overall it was okay -- but not what I expect from a property classified as three stars. It's really closer to a two star hotel. Note: the hotel is located on South Airport Road, which is on the NORTH side of the airport and also north of the other Airport Road which is on the south side of the airport. Go figure that one out!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	4	1	

<Author>elbowgrease
<Content>If you don't care about quality.... I read all the reviews about this hotel on trip advisor and thought to myself, it must not be all that bad; but boy was I wrong! All the negative things about this hotel are true:* room was dirty* bathroom was dirty; fan was noisy*bathroom light was flickering*sheets had yellow stains on them*A/C was too noisy*only about 6 or 7 clear tv channels*curtains were flimsy/sheer - expect to be woken up early by the bright morning light*Paid $109.50 per night - too expensive for a below-average hotel*DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU NEED THE INTERNET FOR YOUR WORK - you won't get anything done! Internet connection drops every 5 seconds!!! I even called their customer support line but the guy on the other line couldn't figure out what was wrong!The only positive about this hotel is the proximity to the airport.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Justin7
<Content>Needs work Ok, I was expecting the worst after the reviews here. We booked this for 65 a night on Priceline. Yes, we usually stay in better hotels when traveling, but this was a quick trip when we were not going to be in our hotel much. The hotel is ok for 3 stars. There were things broken in out room (the shade, the shower drain, etc) but livable. it was clean and the lobby and restaurant were fine. the halls REAKED of smoke, but our room was fine. Also they have laundry machines on the floors which is always nice when traveling. The gym was fine, 6 new machines and some free weights. Yeah, you will get a better gym at a nicer hotel, but you won't be paying 65 a night.However, the service was terrible. i don't expect a ton but I expect a clean room and responsiveness. One day we left the hotel at 11 and the maid was still on our floor. We came back at 7 and our room as not clean so we called the front desk and decided to go out to dinner while they cleaned. Well, they came in and changes our sheets (well they forgot the top sheet) and threw some towels on the TOILET. Nothing else. Didn't clean, didn't empty the trash, nothing. We were pretty upset when we got back at 9 30 and saw this and went to speak to the front desk. they were unbelievably rude and said we had been in the room all day with our do not disturb sign on. Not true. And even if we were, you don't speak to hotel guests like that-you apologize and go clean! I have several more examples, but you get the point. Not sure I would stay there ever again, even for the low price.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	4	

<Author>randmname
<Content>ICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is disgusting. The elevators reek of hydraulic fluid, the bathroom's wallpaper is peeling, and they have no light-blocking curtains to keep my room dark in the morning.Further, the toiletries are cheap, as is the bedding.I read that holiday inn was trying to raise their standards nationwide. this hotel certainly is not participating in that initiative, as i've never stayed at a Hilton or Marriott this gross.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>mysister'ssister
<Content>This place is OK by me This hotel suited my purposes very nicely. The guest rooms could stand an update, but they certainly were not offensive. I laughed at the review that stated there were cats running the hallways. What a bunch of rubbish. I stayed on the 5th floor, which is the executive floor, but there wasn't anything special about this floor. Prior executive upgrades at other Holiday Inn's had a free breakfast room and cocktail/snack lounge; this hotel offered nothing. As a platinum priority club member I usually get free drink coupons or breakfast coupons, but this hotel didn't offer anything. I was disappointed that there was not wireless internet in the rooms; even the cheap hotels I have stayed in have wireless internet. The hotel shuttle does runs to the airport frequently and you can get to the city of SF via BART by catching the shuttle to the airport and catching the BART there which is the perfect way to get to the city. A round trip is $10.70, which seemed kind of pricey compared to other light rail trains that I have been on at major cities. The restaurant is Houlihan's which has a very nice menu with fair prices. The staff were all very pleasant in my presence. All and all, I'd stay here again and would recommend that you do so as well.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Metzia
<Content>A good value for the Priceline price! I booked the hotel through priceline and I was very nervous after reading the other reviews, but i was pleasantly surprised. The Woman behind the counter was very nice and when I asked for a room with two double beds she said no problem and even gave me a room with a refrigerator. I also asked for a crib and it was brought promptly to my room.The room was nice and clean and decent size. The bathroom did have the wallpaper peeling but is was nothing to serious. Overall I had a very good experience.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AvidTraveler15
<Content>Do Not Be Fooled By the Promises of a Renovation Upon returning from my holiday vacation last month, I chose to give this hotel another try after having a bad experience earlier last year. As other travelers have commented, the rooms are desperately in need of a renovation. Further, both the hotel's Head Housekeeper and Maintenance staff should be fired for the poor condition of the guestroom that we stayed in. The room was poorly vacuumed and the bed contained several hairs. Moreover, our television and internet service did not work. The hotel also has a problem with wild cats that roam the hall in search of leftover food.The hotel appears to try to bait and switch customers on the internet by only focusing on their lobby and restaurant, which have been renovated recently. However, according to the manager that I spoke to during my stay, the Hotel is not planning to renovate their guest rooms until 2010. I asked him about the postings on this site promising an earlier renovation, and he, to my surprise, stated that the staff was instructed to reply to complaints about the room by stating (lying) that the rooms would be undergoing a renovation within the next few months.In short, there are better options at the airport. I do not plan to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>lebelgo
<Content>Perfectly fine 3*       Nice ammenities for the price!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>MizKitty007
<Content>'Lived' Here A Few Days Before the 2006 NLDA Symposium... ...and, given that I discovered TripAdvisor only 7 months ago and have been writing as many reviews as I can (when time permits) about places I've stayed in recent years, I'm now just getting around to penning my thoughts about this property. Now that I see site management is actually reading these entries:-- The real advantages to your site are its adjacency to the South San Francisco Conference Center and U.S. 101, along with the large onsite meeting spaces plus the onsite coin washers/dryers (stackables) on some of the floors.Your bell staff back in early '06 was great. When I wound up somehow being placed in a wheelchair-accessible room (and I certainly didn't ask for one...I was, still am, and am planning to be fully ambulatory!!!), I was aghast at the miniscule closet space provided. The bar height from the floor was sufficient for children's clothing size 6x and below, as well as short/petite slacks (slung over dry-cleaning hangers) and shirts/blouses. I called and one of the bellmen came up right away with a luggage cart that stood in as a closet. -- Now for the disadvantages: I agree with the need to thoroughly clean up and renovate EVERY room...not just some of them. And please widen the closet space provided in the wheelchair accessible rooms. I compared the width of the one I had with that in a mainstream room. However unintentional, the disparity between the two is an insult to your customers who use wheelchairs!The other feature in dire need of an extreme makeover are your local calling rates for the landlines, if you haven't already done so. These should reflect free local calls or a one-time $0.50 /$0.75/$1(per call) charge. Around $200 was billed to my room in landline charges due to dial-up Internet use. (I tried to drastically reduce, if not outright eliminate, this over-the-top charge upon checkout. Your staff seemed much more interested in enforcing policies than they were in customer satisfaction. At the time, I just didn't have the energy after five days of NLDA conference activities to contest it further.) During my stay, the $0.10/minute after the first hour was in effect. I didn't realize it since I erroneously assumed that your property's rates and those of your neighbors were in line with the Best Western Grosvenor's, where I had stayed in '04 and '05. Such a rate might be defended on the fact that many customers have cell phones these days. That's all well and good. However, keep in mind that not all travelers have them. Moreover, not all your customers have laptops capable of high speed Internet (mine did not in March '06), and thus require dial-up via the in-room dataports. Internet access in the Business Center was also not cheap (and had horrific connectivity to boot).Another defense might be that the Bay Area in general is a high-rent district. Such logic would be questionable. Returning to the example of the Grosvenor, no such charges ever appeared on my '04 and '05 bills there!I place all of this on TripAdvisor because customers should be aware of everything they're getting themselves into when they book a room at your property.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	4	1	

<Author>tommcm
<Content>No comparison with Sydney Airport Holiday Inn Spent overnight stay to be near the airport for a flight the following morning. Total cost 133$ and not worth the price. Room was a little smelly, in room provisions powdered milk was limited to one sachet for two people, the tv hotel information channel did not work, the reception staff were efficient but not very friendly and the breakfast waitress was surly. Interestingly, the guest card critique in the room had been fiiled in by a previous occupant, but not collected by the domestic staff; their comments were similar to ours but additionally they hated the bed! Presumably the management don't care too much about quality assurance. On the plus side, the shuttle was excellent and at least the lobby was clean.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>knowmyhotels
<Content>Most Holiday Inn Express are better than this Holiday Inn I always hit the gym for a workout even during business travel, so I always pay attention to the gym/fitness amenity and consider it an important factor when I book my hotel. The hotel website's picture showing the fitness room has a variety of equipment, including a multi-station weight machine. My experience is completely the opposite.Don't let the million-dollar lobby fool ya, the rooms are horrible. They are dated and dirty, nothing like the lobby. I was assigned to a room where the bed was not made, the garbage can is still full and only the bathroom seems to be cleaned. After I brought this to the staff's attention, the reluctantly gave me a different room. This one was unvacuumed and had colorful Peanut MMs all over the places. The bathroom amenities are so cheap, the items are from different collections, and NOTHING matched. Shampoo from one brand, lotion from another, and soap from yet a third source that doesn't even have Holiday Inn logo.The gym is also old and dated. It did not have the multi-station equipment as pictured and barely had a couple of half broken threadmills and a few unpaired free-weights. Except the lobby area, the rest of the hotel give me a yucky unclean feeling. This was a Wyndham at one point, but this Holiday Inn is soo cheap, they never bothered to replace some signage with Wyndham's name. Instead, they used a black marker to black out Wyndham's name. How tacky.Overall, this is definitely NOT what I expect from a Holiday Inn, I had way better experience at Holiday Inn Express or low-end places like Comfort Inn and etc.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>sporttourer
<Content>I moved across the street! this hotel was the suggested hotel for a conference i attended at the south san fran conference center. halls reeked of smoke (room did not), bed was old and hard, wallpaper was peeling, and the whole thing looked tired...quite a disappointment after seeing the newly-remodeled lobby. i stayed one night, then moved to the sheraton 4 points across the street...much better.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Suzannne
<Content>A good value for the Hotwire price! We stayed here for one evening while heading out on a roadtrip to Oregon, booked on Hotwire for about $64 (before taxes). The check-in staff were very friendly and assisted us with BART and airport shuttle info. Our room was cozy, clean and pretty well what you would expect for a Holiday Inn. I was happily surprised with the free parking (as compared to other airport motels/hotels in the area that charge) and in-room high-speed internet. While not a place to necessarily honeymoon, this hotel would seem to be very accomodating for families and business travelers.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danaides
<Content>Disappointing.. I stayed here with my husband and 5 year old son for three nights in July. The lobby is nice and staff was civil but not exactly friendly. The room I had confirmed was supposed to be a double but it was not available and we were given a king bed and a rollaway. This was fine but then we found the room. There was no microwave or fridge, which I was also promised at booking. When I called to find out where they were I was told they were sold out so tough luck basically. The bed and pillows were rock hard and it took 3 requests to get two softer pillows. The bathroom was in disrepair in that the toilet seat was broken and the bathtub stopper was also broken. All in all a very disappointing stay and we will not be staying again. One plus, the Houlihans restarant just off the lobby has great food and service.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>qtrready
<Content>If you bought through Hotwire, your treated like hell. The lobby is misleading. It looks nice but watch out with the rooms. I was given the worst bed I have ever slept on. Hard as a brick and I promise it must have been because I bought through Hotwire therefore they gave me worst bed in the house. The internet was broken in the room. So I demanded to be moved I had 3 more nights. They didnt want to move me but I demanded. The second room the bed was a normal Holiday Inn bed, not specatular but decent, but the tub knob broke and they acted like I broke it on purpose. Dont stay if here unless you have to.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>bessiedear
<Content>Oops!! Never before, never again!! Our one night stay here was booked through Hotwire---we have had much better results with Priceline---and thanfully it was only for one night! The lobby is lovely, the parking free, and Hungry Hunter is just across the stree. Those are the positives for this establishment. To begin with, the men at the front desk (6/27/07)were arrogant, rude, and clueless. It seems you are treated like a second class citizen if you book through a third party and don't walk in off the street to pay FULL price. We were given our keys to the third floor, only to find they did not work. After THREE additional attempts, and two more rooms, we finally were able to unpack. I won't bore with you the details of the key mix-up, only to say that after two sets of keys that didn't work, they gave us one that did, only to find that the room was already occupied, and the party was in it! OOPS! (In all our years of hotel stays, that has NEVER happened) Then they screwed up our reservation from 3 people/2beds, and said it was 1 person/1 bed. OOPS! When we finally got what we had reserved, we found the wall paper peeling off the walls, and the pillows wrinkled as though they had been laid on. The hallways were stinky, the beds very uncomfortable, and the decor long outdated and due for an overhaul. We had dinner later that evening in Houlihans, the in-house eatery, only to be ignored and not promptly seated because we were a family seeking dinner, not bar goers coming to drink. When we gladly checked out the following day, they would not even give us a receipt , but said we had to contact Hotwire. This won't be on our list for the future. Holiday Inn was a huge disappointment.P.S. Learn from this: When you check into a hotel room, ALWAYS immediately put the inside security door bar across your door and hang out your Do Not Disturb sign.----just in case the front desk gives your room to someone else! :)  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>Great for a early morning flight I was surprised to see all the really negative reviews. I found the lobby and my room to be clean and well kept. The bed was a little lumpy and I could hear some traffic from the adjacent freeway, but for $50 and a stay less then nine hours, I was completely satisfied.My room was located in the back tower so maybe it is a newer room. I also enjoyed the hotel restaurant.I would stay here again if my travel plans take me to SFO for an early morning flight.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LC1968
<Content>At least I didn't see any roaches I had the misfortune to win a 3-day stay at this hotel through Priceline (for $50 a night), and after reading the other reviews, I was shaking in my boots. Would I smell smoke? Would I sleep on a hard bed? Would I have to kill roaches?I was relieved when nothing apocalyptic came to pass. Yes, as everyone else has said there is a huge disjuncture between the lobby (nice granite) and the corridors (smell like smoke) and the rooms (early HoJos). But the hotel was completely serviceable for my needs. The bed was hard, but not uncomfortable; and the climate control in our room was OK. The shower worked fine. We didn't see any roaches. The hallways smelled putrid but the room itself smelled OK, and although the guy I got on the phone would not promise a Priceline client a nonsmoking room, I did manage to get a nonsmoking king on check-in. The guys who work the front-desk at night are heads above the main manager who works there during the day. The parking was free; the hotel was really close to the freeway; and the fitness center had at least two working treadmills. I would have been really sad had I been the walk-up customer who I heard being quoted a price of $150;/night; but for what I paid, it was the perfect place to be staying for the purposes of sightseeing the San Francisco area with a car.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Stargirljen76
<Content>Didn't love it 1. Room key did not work. We were told the key reader was broken and maintenance would be there in 5 minutes. We sat in the hall and waited 10 minutes, they never came. People were asking us what we were doing sitting in the hallway. So we asked to be switched to another room.2. The hallways, elevator, etc were extremely hot and humid. Felt like a steam bath.3. A/C in the room wasn't much better. We slept in our underwear with no blankets just to stop sweating.4. Bedding was hideous. It looked like they borrowed it from the local sleazy motel. Maybe they don't have better bedding because they know they keep it too hot to use any blankets anyway. 5. Staff was very helpful and friendly. 6. Found an almond on the floor from past guest.7. Housekeeping tried to enter our room after we had been inside for a few minutes. Maybe they were looking for their lost almond? 8. No ventilation fan in bathroom.9. Ugly curtains10. Not the worst hotel, but maybe 3 stars is a little generous. Wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	5	5	3	

<Author>MIKEANDMARTINE
<Content>Disgusting Is Too Kind We have just returned from a short visit to San Francisco. Because of the short time there ( 2 nights), we decided to stay close to the airport.On arrival, we were astonished to find that the lobby area was packed with literally hundreds of people attending a wedding in one of the hotels function rooms. Clearly the room was too small to hold them all as the hotel had even set up a makeshift bar in the main lobby. Considerate to the wedding guests, but as it effectively blocked access to the elevator for guest room access, a little short sighted and candidly dangerous.The hotel manager clearly thought it would be clever to overbook the function room with no thought for the comfort or convenience of guests staying at the hotel.The noise from the bar and function room went on until almost 3.00 AM and was clearly audible in our room. It was only the eventual intervention of the San Francisco police that brought an end to the shouting, screaming, singing and generally drunken antics of the party revellers that the hotel had encouraged to drink to excess ( no doubt the additional revenue was too tempting).On our second , and thankfully final night, we found that the hotel had deliberately cancelled our key cards, thus denying us access to the elevator or room. After a long wait, we finally managed to persuade a very grumpy member of staff to allow us to get into our room. Joy of all joys, the room had not been made up but our possessions had been tampered with and many personal possessions moved.When I asked the front desk to explain what was happening, I was told that my prepaid accomodation voucher was valid only for one night. I disagreed and told the duty manager it was for 2 nights and if he cared to look at it this would resolve the situation and I and my very distraught fiance could go to bed and make upfor the previous night's lost sleep.Sadly life is not that easy when you deal with Holiday Inn. The voucher which I had surrendered on check in was now locked in a safe and only the operations manager had a key. I suggested that someone call him . Shock, Horror. The Operations Manager is far too important to be bothered by a mere guest wanting to get into the room he had booked and already paid for.After several hours more wrangling , we were given a new room and told we would have to pay for it in the morning.The following morning , when the voucher was finally revealed, guess what, it was for 2 nights.A grudging, half hearted and wholly insincere apology was offered and a refund on one nights accomodation.What about the famous Holiday Inn Hospitality Promise ' If you are not satisfied with any part of your stay you will not have to pay for it'.I am still waiting for the Operations Manager to give me a response.Take my advice - Promises are made to be broken Especially when they are made by Holiday Inn.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>djmcm101
<Content>Good Value for the $ We stayed in a king room with microwave and bar fridge. My wife and I found the room very clean, quiet and the bed was comfortable. Extra pillows were promptly provided when requested. The first night we ate in Houlihans the hotel restaurant and enjoyed the meal. The hotel is extremely easy to find and the highway access is right across the street so travelling to SF or south to San Jose/ Monterey was quick and no hassle. Part of the time we were without a rental car but the included shuttle service got us to the Bart station at SFO in a matter of minutes. The $5 fare to the Embarcadero/Union Sq. was a bargain considering the high cost of parking in those areas and took less time than driving. Staff were cordial and helpful in providing travel tips/directions. When we asked for restaurant locations at the front desk they printed out Yahoo maps for our convenience :)Our room was spotless on our return each day. Check in and out were quick. The location is a bit remote in that other than other hotels and the nearby IHOP there is nothing within walking distance. We have no complaints about our stay here and would definitely recommend this hotel for the value we believed we received  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>neandrtl
<Content>Worth it for a Cheap Price I read some pretty bad reviews on this hotel, so was a bit worried when Priceline booked me in here. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised - for the money I spent this was a perfectly fine hotel.My room was clean and comfortable - nothing spectacular, but certainly adequate. I think I would have been upset if I'd paid full price (I paid $40, the travel websites were listing around $110), but it's a great choice for the discount price.I only stayed one night, but this hotel was everything I required. I've stayed in many Holiday Inns over the past couple years, and come to expect a clean  safe place to stay from them (and not much more). This hotel was exactly that.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	-1	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>gosaka
<Content>Ok for $50/night Booked this via Hotwire for one night prior to an early morning SF departure. $50 is a bargain but I'd spend $10 more for the Doubletree or other property also available through Hotwire. The carpets/room were dirty, broadband connection in room didn't work. All the money seems to be in the lobby so things look good. Staff were minimally helpful and bordering on rude. Morning departure and airport shuttle worked fine.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>df1606
<Content>Simple - avoid like the plague! OK. It was our fault. We were walk-ins and had done no research. But we needed a place to sleep for one night, near the airport, as we were in transit from New Zealand. We are fine with no-frills accommodation. But not with dirt! The place is grimy and carpets, bedding, drapes are grimy with years of over-use and marginal hygiene.We knew we were in trouble when we were in the elevator ascending to our room with 2 business guests who had already spent one miserable night here. The beds were so uncomfortable that they had purchased air matresses to cope with 4 more nights on beds that had certainly seen better days. If you want to sleep on matress springs, avoid getting bare flesh anywhere near chairs, linen, floors, carpets, be overcharged and listen to aircrafts - then this is the place for you. If not - it might be better to spend the night sleeping at the airport  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>LinFullerton
<Content>3 star Roach Motel is more like it We booked the Holiday Inn SSF through priceline and since we were unfamiliar with the hotel, we were hoping it would live up to priceline's standards. Most times we had stayed in 4 star hotels but since this was the New Year's weekend, it was not possible to get a 4 star within our price range. Overall the lobby and rooms seemed to be renovated somewhat and upon entering our room, it appeared to be clean and comfortable. We spent one night in what we thought was relative comfort until the next morning. I went to take a shower in the early morning. My 8 year old daughter entered the bathroom to brush her teeth. I was still in the shower when I heard her scream, Mommy, there's a ROACH on the wall! I hurried up and finished my shower and yelled to my husband to try to kill it. By the time he got up, the insect in question had already fled up to the light fixture. I reassured my daughter that it may have been a beetle or something else, surely NOT a roach even though she insisted that she had watched enough National Geographic channel to know the difference between a beetle and a roach. Anyway, since neither my husband nor I had seen the insect in question, we went about our usual routine. I got dressed and as I was about to plug in my hair straightener, there it was, clear as day...a roach IN THE OUTLET! Needless to say we were disgusted and quickly packed up our things and promptly went to the front desk to complain. We took several pictures from our digital camera for evidence, and I would post them if it weren't for the GROSS factor. Since we went through priceline, we had to contact them regarding our experience and luckily, Holiday Inn was very cooperative and agreed to a full refund. It was a hassle, but the staff was very apologetic. Unfortunately, it did nothing to quell my daughter's paranoia about roaches being in our things. When we informed the front desk, they immediately sent custodial staff to investigate but did nothing to ask us where we had seen the roach. We all know how prolific roaches can be and there clearly must be a problem in more than this one room. While the hotel SEEMS fairly clean, this is a warning, book your room somewhere that you are comfortable with. I know I will never settle for anything less than a 4 or 5 star hotel. We rebooked at a neighboring 4 star hotel and had a great weekend, despite our adventure with Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>writeyou
<Content>Mediocre I stayed with a friend for five nights from Dec 2006 to Jan 2007. Our stay met most of our expectations, but we were disappointed that there was no refrigerator or microwave in our double-bed room, as we noticed in the pictures posted by a reviewer from Washington, perhaps only king-bed room has these amenities. Hotwire gave me a room at this Holiday Inn, and I was alarmed by the negative reviews on TripAdvisor. But give it a try, it's not that bad. We did not use the shuttle service (to SFO), the gym, the pool, or the restaurant. The complimentary in-room/LAN internet service was too slow to download podcast, but good enough to check e-mails and find directions via Google Maps. We sought out South San Francisco because it seemed to have cheaper hotels with free parking than in San Francisco. We drove from this hotel to a parking garage in Chinatown via US 101, some days we took I-380/I-280/US 1 which becomes 19th avenue in the Sunset area to visit Golden Gate Park and eat dim sum in Daly City. It's inconvenient if you don't have a car, you are limited to taking SamTrans or the shuttle to SFO then BART into the city; it's wee bit far to walk to Caltrain. This hotel does not provide complimentary breakfast, and there's an IHOP across the street. Within a short drive, there are more dinning options in downtown South San Francisco: American diner, burrito takeout (in the back of a grocery store), Chinese, Peruvian, and Thai restaurants.The bathroom was clean and the bedroom was quiet, though we could hear footsteps from room above, and sometimes we could hear planes taking off from SFO, some nights the planes were louder than the others; some of these could have been the late night departures of trans-Pacific 747s. Customer service over the phone was rather rude, but in-person was fine. In-room check out didn't work, but checking out at the counter was swift.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Kairbear
<Content>Let's Go Monster Park! Let's Go Holiday Inn!       Our Room - Nice looking  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jason1975
<Content>below expectations it was ok. very slow staff. we waited over an hour and a half to have a crib delivered, and that's with several inquiries into it's status. elevator was unbelievably slow. nothing really good in the area for eating. room was ok, a/c unit wasn't working very well. poor hotel, but i can't complain about the price from priceline.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>sk3
<Content>Great Value, Great Loation My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn the night before our flight home from San Francisco. We found the location to be convenient and an excellent value for the money. We purchased through Hotwire for $61 per night. We would highly recommend the hotel to any traveler looking for a good value close to the airport.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MissKenton
<Content>Unbelievably bad! Run down hotel, bad staff When we first came to hotel around 10.30 a.m., we were told that our rooms were nor ready yet. So we left our luggage and headed out to SF. Returning to the hotel at about 9 p.m., we were first told, that there hotel was fully booked and that there was no reservation for us. Then, they kindly offered us a room, which was a mess: dirt everywhere, view of the parking lot (room was on ground level), scribblings on the wall (!!!), full dirt bins in the hallway... The second was no better. After a long discussion they finally gave us a third room which was just about o.k..I spare you the detailed tale of waiting times in the lobby for every request we made during the course of the evening, the impertinent behaviour of the staff and management. This hotel was one of the worst I've every seen.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>missmarley
<Content>No, it's not fancy, but for $40.00 on priceline it's worth it I was very anxious about staying there after reading the reviews. People.... it's a Holiday Inn. The bed was fine, the amenities were fine, the staff was nice and the location is perfect for an early flight. I wouldn't recommend staying there for your entire vacation, but for one night. Why not?!!I serioulsy don't know what previous people whom have posted were expecting. The room was clean. Towels could use some replacing they are pretty stiff and the TV had awful feedback on several channels. I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for three nights on my vacation and that room had stains in the carpet and the ceiling was peeling in both the bedroom and bathroom... seriously... don't get scared off from this hotel. Just expect HOLIDAY Inn, NOT luxury accomodations.ps. Had dinner at the Hungry Hunter. Delicious prime rib!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Edster1971
<Content>Buyer Beware It takes a lot for me to write a complaint, but I thought I'd share my experience so it may save someone else a disappointment. I didn't have a choice of the hotel, priceline selected this property based upon my request for a 3 star hotel for $80. After reading several bad reviews here and that others have paid $40 a night, I was flabbergasted (although I wasn't sure if it should be directed at priceline or HI). The hotel was far from a 3 star, and the front desk was not very accommodating with our request for a non-smoking room. I don't need to reiterate the condition the property is in, but will simply confirm the state of repair and observations of previous guests below.This is my first time booking with priceline, sadly, at the urging of a friend. Priceline does not and cannot guarantee a non-smoking room, and HI was completely booked (I believe for a wedding) that night and will not honour any requests from priceline. You also do not earn points with priceline bookings, in fact HI was clear they do not like guests to book with third party vendors. By booking at the hotel's website directly, you can always get similar rates plus you earn points/frequent flyer miles. At the end of the day, priceline has to squeeze out a profit, so the extras will have to go.I am a Sheraton regular (anything from Four Points to Westin and le Meridien) and miss the Sweet Sleeper and Heavenly beds too much. I am not skimping $6 a night and have to settle for a lumpy bed and a bad night or in this case, two with HI again. It's like playing Russian Roulette with priceline.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mateometeor
<Content>Lacks Quality! Don't confuse with HIExpress on same road               More photos  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>ER2
<Content>Not impressed Spent 1 night here, as I wanted to be close to the airport for an early morning departure. Thought the Holiday Inn brand was a step above Holiday Inn Express, but this was not the case.Room was spacious, but in need of updating. Very lumpy king sized bed. Bathroom was not very clean. Free wireless internet kept dropping connection every 5 minutes. TV did not receive many clear channels....very snowy image. Construction going on outside the hotel made for a noisy evening. Microwave oven  fridge in room.Front desk was not all all friendly, and bordered on rude - to keep a guest waiting there for 5 minutes while 2 employees are finishing their joking around was not appreciated. Questions were answered in a condescending way.The only positive things I have to comment on are the on-site restaurant / bar, which was very good  reasonably priced, and the free airport shuttle was comfortable, on time, and the driver was very pleasant. Other than that, there are many other hotel options in the same price range near the airport - I'll most definately use these options next time.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>DBC Chicago
<Content>Just OK Room was OK - comfortable and quiet. But we stayed 4 nights and the room was only cleaned well 1 of the 4. Most nights we had to go down to the desk to get towels as they were not re-stocked. The tub was only cleaned once. The public areas of the hotel were dirty. Understaffed and not responsive to problems -- won't be staying here again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>GMeyerOmaha
<Content>Subpar Fortunately, we only spent one night at this hotel, while laying over in San Fran. during a trip to Asia. We've stayed at many Holiday Inns, but this one was well below standards. The rooms were dingy, there was evidence of mold in the bathroom, and the elevator was downright shabby. Although we asked for a non-smoking room, only smoking was available. Our room smelled like an aiport smokers' lounge, and there were cigarette burns on the beadspread and desk chair to boot. Plus we could hear noise from the patio area of the bar below our room.Stay elsewhere if you can.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travillez
<Content>Holiday Inn cutting cormers (Priceline Questionable) This is not a 3 star hotel, as priceline reports. I feel it is at best (and i am giving it every consideration I can) only a 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 star hotel. This hotel, maybe even this hotel chain, is cutting every corner possible to save money. I cannot recommend this hotel to anybody. The cleaning staff was doing the absolute minimum to pass for clean. There was hair and blood spots on the sheets of my bed. Apparently not having been changed from the previous tennants stay. So I used the other bed in the room, a good thing was I was alone and could use the other bed. The grounds, lobby and bar looked great. If the the area beyond the elevator was the same quality this would be 3 star hotel.I am not sure how they segragate their smoking and non-smoking rooms. However the hallway reeked of cigarette smoke, the smell in my room was slightly less. The room door did not fit the door frame properly allowing air movement freely from the hallway into the room. Even at the extrordinary nightly rate I recived from priceline, I was overcharged by 50%, maybe 75%. I am not sure I will use priceline again unless they begin to upgrade their standards for rating hotels. I feel pricelines grading misleads the consumer. Or maybe Priceline just believes the quality rating given to them by each hotel.We have rotated back into a BUYER BEWARE climate once again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Guestrooms Not Renovated Despite a previous bad experience, I recently choose this hotel again due to the fact that the hotel claimed that it was just recently renovated. Although the hotel lobby was in fact renovated along with a new restaurant, I was disappointed by the fact that the rooms were still in poor condition. The hotel restaurant was great; however, if you prefer staying at Holiday Inns, I would recommend staying at the Holiday Inn Express down the street, which has much better rooms.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sweets786
<Content>Great Deal! It was 1 exit away from the airport, but not very close to anything else. The room was clean with a nice view and the housekeeping was very prompt. The TV had great channels and movies, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Breakfast is expensive, so I went to the iHOP across the street. It easiliy accessible and the freeway is very close so it is well connected. The lobby is beautiful and its very good for a business traveler. No pool, but it was chilly when I went so it wasn't a huge deal. They have a Houlihans in the hotel, but it's a bit pricey. For $40/night on Priceline and free parking, I would definitely come back.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel What a great hotel this was. Our room was spacious and very clean, the lobby beautifully decorated and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We definitely would recommend this hotel to any traveler to the San Francisco area. Hotel access to the freeway was excellent and the drive into the city took only 15 minutes. We did hear a little airport noise late at night, but was not enough to keep us awake. Access to and from the airport was very easy, especially for newcomers to the area. If you are looking for a clean and reasonable place to stay while visiting the area - this is it! We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value We arrived late on March 8th and were greeted at SFO by the Hotel's complimentary shuttle which took us directly to the hotel in a matter of a few minutes. Check in was effortless and took all of another minute or two. The room size was average or better. The king size bed was very comfortable and my wifes' request for an additional pillow was quickly attended to. We ate in the hotels' newly completed Houlihans Restaurant and were pleasantly surprised at the number of menu selections offered and the quality of the meals we were provided. The following day we took the convenient shuttle to the airport for a car rental and found it very easy to get back to the hotel which is located next to the exits onto hwy 101 going both north into the city and south. Parking is included. That day we obtained driving directions to Monterey and on the suggestions of the front desk staff who provided advice as to the most scenic route had an incredible experience. The staff later suggested taking the BART from the airport into Union Square for shopping again via the complimentary shuttle to the airport. This was a breeze and saved us money on the expensive parking fees at Union Square ($7 per hr.!)Total travel time was less than a half hour and no traffic jams. We thank them for that tip.We had no hassles or problems at this hotel and found the staff to be very courteous who went out of their way to make our stay an enjoyable one in all respects. For a short stay in a clean, moderately priced, well maintained and conveniently located property you would be hard pressed to find better value.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pwelch
<Content>Hopeless Upon entering the hotel, I noticed that they were still in the midst of rennovations. No mention was made of this... Check in took quite some time and there is no special queue for Priority Club Card holders.Everything went fine actually, until the next morning. I called the evening before and asked for a wake up call - which was never received. An interesting style from an Airport hotel - where many people would have a flight to take.Furthermore, when I took a shower the water wasn't hot - it was lukewarm at best and I suddenly became very disappointed with this.I would suggest complaining directly to Holiday Inn Customer Care centre, I told the agent on check out that this was what I would do. She summoned the manager and he offered me a free breakfast - which was a nice gesture, but it didn't really compensate for all the problems.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not really a 3-star hotel The room was just ok, and amenities was scarce for a 3-star hotel. Room decor and furniture were less than what I expect from a 3-star. The worst thing was that when the bathroom was filled with steam after shower, some kind of red fluid dripped down from the ceiling. We were really scared thinking that was blood at first, but later figured out it was something like paint. But weird enough, the ceiling itself was covered with off-white paint.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a good experience Not a good experienceI stayed at the Holiday Inn SFO, 275 South Airport , South San Francisco, Nov 16-18, 2005.I would say my experience is that it is no better than the Motel 6 down the street. The biggest problem was on Nov 18, around 10 pm, the power went out in half of the hotel. The hotel consists of two five-storied buildings linked by a restaurant-bar. The power went out in the building I was in but not the other side so it was a problem within the Holiday Inn. I waited in the restaurant-bar while the front desk staff couldn't do anything. They either had no authority or inclination. I asked to be moved to the other building and the answer was the computer was not functioning! Imagine restaurant patrons wanting to leave. Would they wait? After 45 minutes a manager type arrived and offered to let me move. By the time I was packed up to leave, the power came back on. The fitness center consisted of one converted room. One of two threadmills worked. The air-conditioning did not work and there were no towels. The elevators are ancient and slow.The rooms were adequate but maintenance was lacking. When I arrived in the room I noticed the cable linking the bedside telephone to the outlet was missing. I never had the same number of towels in three days. There should be a waste basket in the room in addition to the small one in the bathroom. Priceline rates this as a three-star property. I think two stars would be generous.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>marriedinhawaii-7
<Content>Nice and Comfortable Hotel This was the third time my husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Airport North. We like the hotel because it is comfortable, quiet, and close to the airport. Our room was spotless, comfortable, and quiet. We were visiting friends and family, so we were there only to sleep. The remodeled lobby is very attractive and comfortable. We will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for the rate, but many problems We stayed here for a week in October, 2005. The hotel is located a couple miles north of the SFO airport. The rate was $41.00, plus tax, through hotwire. It was rated 3 stars by hotwire. When we checked in, there were eight people in line in front of us, so the wait was rather long. The clerk said that they were slow because they only had two computers for check-in (which is not adequate for busy times). The hotel is under renovation, so the restaurant had been moved to a temporary meeting room, offering only buffet style food ($11.99 for breakfast), and the bar was moved to a corner in the atrium (where they set up some bottles, with a t.v.) The planes from the nearby airport can make the rooms very noisy as times. There is no pool, exercise room or mini-store. The maid serving our room did not speak any English, so if we wanted something, we had to wait in line at the front desk to make our request. They then tended to forget your requests, so you would have to wait in line a second time to remind them. Otherwise, they were friendly and willing to please. We did not encounter a single employee during our week stay in which English appeared to be their native language, so communication was always a problem. When we arrived, we asked for an internet cord (so we could use the computer hookup in the room), but they were out of cords, and we had to wait three days before one became available. We were told before arrival that a microwave was available upon request, but the $20.00 fee was not mentioned. This fee was later waived by the manager after we protested. The cost of two small 6 inch pizzas from room service was $28.00. (Room service adds a kitchen service fee and a tip to the bill without telling you in advance). The hotel has two elevators in the old section, both very slow. Each floor had a coke ($1.00) machine, and an ice machine. A coffee maker for four cups was available in our room (with regular and decaf packets). The parking at this hotel was inadequate for the number of cars, and many nights we were unable to easily find a space. The rooms were of adequate size and clean. Even though our room was pre-paid through hotwire, we still got a bill from the hotel on the last day under our door showing that we owed them for the room. After bringing the matter to the atention of the front desk, they agreed that we had pre-paid and apologized for their mistake. This hotel is OK, but has many problems.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected   showReview(4005683, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Sleep Despit Poor Service and Construction   showReview(3986173, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>melodyMD
<Content>Below average hotel, hopeless staff   showReview(3808762, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>laserman
<Content>Won't be coming back, ever.   showReview(3807749, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's okay   showReview(3798438, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>got-rice
<Content>cool   showReview(3736004, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Racers
<Content>very pleased   showReview(3550057, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good standard   showReview(3535428, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never park and stay   showReview(3211559, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneandNye
<Content>Convenient and good value, but not very helpful staff   showReview(2461213, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frak712
<Content>Pessimo   showReview(23100339, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona scelta   showReview(18533556, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mickie65
<Content>fr den Preis war voll in Ordnung   showReview(14241970, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19159595, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

