<Author>worldtravlertoo
<Content>Best Price/Location I was inclined to stay at other hotels with a more western name but lucky for me my instincts are mostly write. My girlfriend and I had the pleasure of staying here in mid Dec. for a week. We arrived at Narita Aiport just beat from the 16 hour plane ride. But, there was no time to relax. I recommend you either take a shuttle bus for 30 U.S Dollars or buy the Suica Pass and Narita Express train combo for 35 U.S. Dollars. We took the Suica pass combo because if you stay in tokyo for more than three days it becomes a pain buying day passes every day. The Suica passes are also rechargable(cash only) but it is easy to replenish in any subway office. The Narita Express train takes about one hour to get from the airport to Tokyo Station. Once you get to tokyo station don't fear just ride the wave of people and find your way out. we arrived in the middle of rush hour and it was a mad house. Just find your way out and hail a cab to the hotel. The cab ride is close but it'll cost about 13 dollars. Note: Cab fares in Tokyo start at 6 plus dollars and increase per every quarter mile, even while idle.Once you enter the hotel, reception greets you with a smile and make every attempt to be helpful. The looby has a large coffee and smoking lounge were all the Japanese salarymen meet for work/ personal related exchanges.The top floor has a restaurant overlooking Ginza which is beautiful to see. You should experience it once and only once due to the hefty hotel prices.They gave us a room overlooking Tokyo Tower and it was beautiful. The rooms smell a little like smoke because there are designated smoking rooms throughout the floors. Make sure to ask for a non-smoking room but odds are they all smell a little. No worries because after a while the smoke smell goes away. The rooms are big by Tokyo standards and are very clean. The maid service is exceptional and they make every effort to accomadate.The subway system in just a 2min walk down the block. In the beginning you might be a bit overwhelmed by the subway system but after a few days you'll be using the lines like any other Tokyoite. Ask the concierge for help with your travel arrangements. They are very knowledgeable and helped us out tremendously. I really advise you to use them because their help is spot on. Food, where should I start. I can't because in every corner there's a restaurant and nik nak shops that you could eat in. I suggest you wander the streets as we did and take your little translation book. You will find great food in places you would have never imagined. It is very safe to walk the streets, so no worries. Japan has a very low crime rate and that relates to the organized fashion. Although ,you might see a few foriegners getting rowdy depending on where you go (Roppongi).I would stay here again in a heartbeat and I am somewhat picky about my hotels. Enjoy your stay at the Dai-Ichi. May it be as pleasant as ours.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellynne
<Content>Exceeded Expectations We spent 5 nights at the Dai-ichi in Oct. I spent a lot of time reading reviews before choosing a hotel. We were so pleased with our choice. I booked through Hotels.ca and paid 225 Cdn/night including taxes. This did not include breakfast. The room was big, pretty and extremely clean with a king bed and large well-equipped bathroom. The hotel staff was wonderful. The location was great. As other reviewers have said the Shimbashi station is a block away. You can access it underground. There are about 5 restaurants in the hotel. The prices seemed high to us. We spotted a 24hr McDonalds from our window the first day when our clocks were turned around. It was really appreciated (good coffee, friendly service and classical music). There are many restaurants within a few blocks. We particularly liked a Thai place called Bangkok Kitchen. We booked 3 full-day tours through Viator.com. They were Sunrise Tours. We were picked up in the lobby each morning. It couldn't have been easier. The tours were well run and informative. We did Mt Fuji, Nikko Park and Panoramic Tokyo. Take a warm jacket if you go to Mt Fuji or Nikko. Just a couple of blocks from the hotel is Hibiya Park where you can enjoy a stroll and some quiet time. I would love to spend more time in Tokyo and if we do it will be at the Dai-ichi Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CheapTravel
<Content>Fantastic location, service, and room We recently stayed twice at the Dai-Ichi for a total of five nights in September of 2008. We were surprised at how far our money went - I was worried about the quality of hotel for our budget of $200 US per night.The Dai-Ichi was in a fabulous location - less than 2 blocks from Shimbashi Station. We had a JR Pass and were able to access all areas of the city by using JR lines. Shimbashi is just two stations south of Tokyo station on the JR Yamanote line. Use the Hibiya exit and look up to the right. You will see the high-rise hotel on your right.The staff was excellent - from the front desk to the bellman we had fantastic service. An English newspaper was delivered each morning and CNN and BBC were available . An in-room, 50 minute massage was 5200 yen (approximately $50 US) which I considered very reasonable. La Paranza, the Italian restaurant next door at the Annex, had fantastic pizza and steak and room service was much cheaper than we anticipated. We stayed on both sides of the hotel during our stay. The left side of the hotel (facing the front) was quieter, but the right side had better views of Tokyo Tower.7-Eleven was around the corner, where we were able to use our ATM card, and McDonald's was between the station and hotel. The Sony Store at Ginza was a 10 minute walk, the Electronics District at Akihabara was a 10 minute train ride, the Sumo Stadium at Ryogoku was a 20 minute train ride, and Shinjuku and Harajuku were 30 minutes away by train. I highly recommend this hotel for the service, location, and value.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dingyadi
<Content>Absolutely worth it Any time I go to Tokyo I would stay here and have raved about it to anyone I hear is going to that city. We could not fault the hotel and in fact did not want to leave the room after arriving from a rather less salubrious trip. The hotel feels luxurious. Large room, scrupulously clean and the service is great . We just loved it. The cost seemed incredibly reasonable considering this is Tokyo! The hotel is fairly central and is certainly an easy walk to Ginza and its bright lights. Have a bit of a look at the side streets nearby as there are lots of interesting eateries. We had never been to Tokyo but it was easy to get to the hotel from Narita. We had missed the direct bus (via the airport limousine counter) but they put us on the bus and then delivered us to a taxi that took us straight there. Well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Family_traveler94
<Content>Great location, quiet, comfortable Hotel location by Shimbashi station is perfect if you want to see sites in and around Tokyo. Easy access to all major attractions in Tokyo via Yamanote and Chuo lines (both Japan Rail -- no charge if you have a JR Pass). Tokyo station is only two stops northeast of Shimbashi via the Yamanote line. From there you can take JR trains to nearby attractions like Nikko (highly recommended) and Kamakura (both less than two hours away).NOTE: You can walk between Shimbashi and Dai-ichi via a quiet, clean, well-lit tunnel. When you first arrive at Shimbashi, the Dai-ichi tunnel is difficult to find amidst the many tunnels and exits. But finding the entrance to go from the hotel to the station is easy (the tunnel entrance is just outside the hotel side door closest to the station). When you first arrive, it's probably best to simply walk outside the west side of Shimbashi station, look north to see the hotel (it's a tall, thin, orange rectangular building, with a large Dai-ichi sign) and walk the two short blocks.There are plenty of dining options within a few blocks. We had breakfast in a wonderful bakery/coffee shop (with a non-smoking section) that offers a huge variety of serve-yourself pastries and other delectable goodies. It's just two blocks south of the hotel on the outer, west side of the Shimbashi station (you can access the bakery from the station or from the outside sidewalk). A couple doors down from the bakery is a large, amazing grocery store (we're told it's called the Tokyo Store but never saw a romanji sign) fully-stocked with superb, freshly made Japanese goodies and other standard grocery items. The store fills the space from one side of Shimbashi to the other and has four entrances...but it's still kind of tricky to spot.Despite hotel's location next to busy railroad tracks, train noise is barely a low rumble. The hotel is solidly built with very thick, noise-insulated windows. Our room was wonderfully quiet. We never heard other guests.We booked through Hotels.com and were charged $250 a night for a room with three beds (all about queen size) for three persons. We checked other web sites and the prices were the same.We feel it was worth the money. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, clean, and loaded with amenities too numerous to list. They included a flashlight, bathrobes, and hair brushes. Internet access is via a high-speed LAN (cable provided) and is free. A newspaper is delivered every morning.There is a pool and health club but the charge is a ridiculous 2,100 yen per person per day.One minor drawback is cigarette smoke. Cigarette smoke permeates the entire building, largely emanating from conference rooms on the first few floors. We were on a non-smoking floor, but there was a constant, albeit slight, cigarette odor in our room.Cigarette smoke is one of the few bugaboos about Japan. Otherwise, travelers will find it has plenty to offer.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CalgaryBenny
<Content>awesome location, beautiful room Loved this hotel. Perfect location close to subway, shops, and lots of restaurants as well as convenience stores. Staff was friendly and internet was always available. Rooms were large and nice bathrooms. Would definately stay again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolcaz
<Content>The biggest bed I've ever seen!       The largest bed I've ever seen!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>WEKNS
<Content>Overall very nice hotel with some minor drawbacks We (family of 5, including teenager and two children) stayed at Dai-Ichi Hotel for 5 nights in late December 2007. Bottomline is that this is a nice hotel to use as a base for exploring Tokyo, with its very convenient location next to the Tokyo Metro Shimbashi station and a stone's throw away from the Ginza area, but the hotel is not without its faults. Folllowing is a summary of our experience):1) Arrival: We arrived late at night from Narita, but unfortunately, the Airport Limousine bus that directly stops in front of the Dai-Ichi leaves at ~7 pm, which meant that we had to take another bus to another hotel (the Park Hotel Shiodome) and then take a taxi (two in our case) to the Dai-Ichi.2) First Impressions: The lobby is an attempt at a French style d茅cor, with the usual paintings and ornaments, but it seemed a bit out of place. The front desk also seemed a bit worn-out and in need of being refurbished. The front desk staff was helpful, but our attempt at explaining to them that we requested connecting rooms were not useful, as they insisted they had no connecting rooms. They did not mention to us that our rooms, which were on the premier floor, and therefore that continental breakfast was included. That came as a pleasant surprise to us and especially the kids..2) Rooms: Apart from the connecting room mini-debacle, the rooms themselves are quite nice. They are definitely on the smaller side (good size for Japan), but are extremely clean. The bathrooms are also on the small side. This is to be expected in Tokyo and Japan in general. We found the beds to be very comfortable, and each bed was provided with two types of pillows (the regular fluffy type and the 鈥渟pongy鈥?tempurpedic type. The bed itself was firm and really nice as we like firm to extra-firm type beds.3) Location: As I mentioned, we liked the location a lot, as it was very convenient for exploring Tokyo. If you鈥檙e into the nightlife and clubs in Roppongi or Shibuya, this is probably not your best choice for location, even though access to those areas is quite easy. The Imperial Gardens are within 10-15 mins walking distance, and Ginza is a few minutes away. Also, there are lots of shops both at street level outside the hotel as well as in the station (including a nice bakery that鈥檚 close to the Asakusa line exit). The subway station can also be accessed directly under the hotel.4) Staff: The staff was very helpful, and we found them to be very accommodating, especially the concierge and bell captain staff. The front desk was fine, with the exception of the connecting room issue, which we鈥檙e not sure if it was a result of language problems or something else. Also, we were a bit puzzled why the front desk did not tell us of the free breakfast included in our rate.5) Food: While the continental breakfast buffet was very minimal (compared to other breakfast buffets), it was sufficient. The location of the breakfast, in a lounge on the 20th floor was quite small, and could be easily overwhelmed by 3-4 families have breakfast at the same time, but it was cozy and, in a way, almost made us feel 鈥渁t home鈥? We had the dinner buffet in the restaurant 鈥淟鈥橢toile鈥? which was nice, but again compared to buffets at other major Asia hotels (e.g., at the Shangri-La in Singapore and Hong Kong, where we later stayed) it was tiny.6) Facilities: Dai-Ichi is not a hotel with tons of facilities (gym, swimming pool, shopping etc). It does have a number of restaurants (Japanese, Chinese), but they are quite pricey.Summary: Overall, we liked our stay at Dai-Ichi. It was money-well spent, especially when looking at the rates for other hotels in Tokyo and what is included. However, we probably would stay somewhere else next time we visit. This is more to experience a different part of Tokyo than a statement against Dai-Ichi.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LErin26
<Content>Highly Recommended! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dai Ichi for 9 nights, 22-31 of March. The service was extremly helpful and always with a smile.  We used concierge several times and all of their directions were spot on and easy to follow. The room was spatious and was always so clean and smelled nice when we returned.  At one end of the hotel there is a set of stairs that leads you directly into Shimbashi station. This was a nice perk on the days that it rained. While Ginza is not a huge tourist destination we had no trouble getting around as the Yamanote line stops at Shimbashi. There was a slight smoke smell in the lobby and in the hallway our floor was on (15th) but other than that I have no complaints.I would definetly recommend this hotel to others!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SojournerMobile
<Content>Absolutely brilliant hotel It took me a long time to find the right hotel for my stay in Tokyo. I was returning from a business trip so I wasn't going to be there that long. What's more is that I was footing the hotel bill on my own dime since I wasn't really doing business in Tokyo.When I saw the price, I was certainly impressed that it wouldn't cost me a fortune and I was able to pretty easily get a room. From the moment I arrived I was impressed with the hotel. This isn't even the best of the best hotels you can get in Tokyo but this was so much better than most of the hotels I had stayed in back in the US. Based on that I was so amazed that it was so in expensive. As is traditional with Japan service was beyond anything that I could have dreamed. The hotel isn't in the best touristy location, so if you are a tourist you need to either take the tour buses or you need to learn the Tokyo transit system. Its not that difficult but takes some time. Also fair warning that American ATM card taking machines are NOT nearby. You need to get to Ropongi - a lesson I learned the hard way.The rooms are HUGE. I would have never expected this given the stereotype that exists in America about living space in Japan. The food in the hotel is excellent and you are only a block or two away from mass transit that can take you ANYWHERE! Think of the best hotel you've stayed in in the US, and this hotel falls into that category. Note that while there are a number of people in the hotel who speak and understand English, not everyone understands American idioms or expressions so you may need to take your time to make sure that the service staff understands what you need. They really want to help you, but sometimes they just don't know how to answer you because they don't quite get what you're trying to ask.I plan to return to Tokyo and spend more time there and when I do, the Dai Ichi already has my business - no question they made my stay quite enjoyable. I was actually sad to leave and even sadder that I had a bunch of heavy bags but they sent out two tiny Japanese girls to move them. They were quite insistent on moving them because it was their job and they wouldn't accept tips or anything. So on my way back to the airport I simply bowed politely to them and they were most appreciative and waved to me on the bus as I headed back to the airport.Wonderful experience, hope yours is as good.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andernos_Les_Bains
<Content>Da Ichi Lives Up My parents (age 66 each) and I (age 35) just returned from 10 days in Asia which included 4 nights (Feb 7-10, 2008) at the Dai-Ichi Tokyo. We booked two renovated room with queen bed rooms. The rooms were very nice and we were happy to find that the beds were actually Kings. It is true that there are only 2 english channels (CNNJapan and BBC world) but we didn't fly to Tokyo to watch television. I found the size and decor of the bedroom to be quite nice. The desk is a nice size, there are two nice lounge chairs and a small table near the window and the ~42 Plasma TV is a nice touch. The bathroom had a separate enclosed shower as well as a tub. Although the bathroom did not seem as new as the room, it was well appointed, very clean and all the toiletries you would need were provided in the case where you may have forgotten some items at home.We did not dine in the hotel and instead chose to venture out in the city. We were lucky to have some friends in Tokyo who took us out to a number of good restaurants. I would be happy to share the names and locations for those who are interested.The central location is great and we used the Shimbashi Metro station to take several shorts train rides to different areas in the city. Also, I recommend taking the NARITA EXPRESS from the airport to tokyo station. From there, you only need to buy a ~$1.50 ticket on the JR YAMANOTE line for a very short ride to Shimbashi station (which is a 2-3 minute walk from the hotel). The place where Dai Ichi really excels is the staff and concierge services. No matter what kind of assistance we required, they were always eager to help and they could not have been nicer. They helped us with Narita Express return scheduling, JAL airline luggage transfer service booking, restaurant reservations as well as always helping us figure out the best way to get to different parts of the city (and they would mark each location on a map).If you would like to stay in a nice, centrally located hotel with great staff at an affordable price I don't believe you can go wrong with the Dai Ichi Tokyo. Well done.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2millionmiles
<Content>This is a cheap place This hotel is below par. Heavy tobacco smell everywhere, including the non-smoking room. Half of the restaurants are in the basement.I'm afraid it's anecdotal but this is an example of how cheap they can be: They offer a breakfast included deal but then they charge an extra 700 Y when I order cereals + fruit plate + yoghurt!I travel to Tokyo every month and I usually stay at the Royal Park which has splendid restaurants and... a great breakfast. Too bad it was sold out this time.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nesterhews007
<Content>Unhelpful staff makes this loacation a no-go As a world traveler you see some of the worst and the best. Some of the staff certainly goes out of their way for you and shows that they will try to use the rules to your advantage, on the other hand there is the Dai-ichi.At 300$ a night you expect top notch service and at least some English, the Dai-ichi had neither.Being that this hotel was on personal I was really excited and had high expectations... The first day I had a do not disturb sign on and got called and woken not once but twice trying to schedule cleaning. Then finally when we had an agreed time to get the room cleaned they showed up an hour early.On the day of checkout they expected a 100$ additional fee to check out late even though it was new years and would do NOTHING to be flexible. The front desk staff had very broken english at best, the consierge was rude the only redeemable quality as the bell people who went out of their ways to make up for the main staff.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chalankanoa
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My wife and I spent 7 nights at the Dai Ichi Tokyo and had no regrets. The staff were outstanding, waiting to help you on anything. The concierge was very helpful and gave us great tips to get to Kamakura for a day trip. The Airport Limousine Bus stops at the Hotel so getting to/from the airport was easy. It is right next (connected via underground walkway) to the Shimbashi train station which has all three major train companies stop there (JR, Tokyo Metro and Toei), so you could take the JR NEX from Narita to Tokyo Station, then the JR Yamanote Line to Shimbashi. You can get to anywhere easily from Shimbashi. There are a ton of places to eat near by (try the stand up sushi bar a few block south, Miyako, both of us ate till we were full, with beer only $40 USD!! There is a 7 Eleven a block away that takes US ATM cards so getting cash was easy. Ginza is just a few blocks away (eat at the yakitori places under the train tracks near the Sony Building in Ginza, cheap and very good). The room was large by Japanese standards and bigger than some US hotels I have stayed in. The bathroom was huge with both a shower and a deep tub to soak in. We were on the side of the building that faces the train tracks, you can hear them but it never bothered us. Did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants or have room service, both were expensive (comparable to a nice hotel in the US). With so many great cheap places to eat near by you don鈥檛 have to. The only down side was there were only 5 channels on the TV. 2 were English (CNN International and BBC news) and the others were Japanese, although one kept showing the same program about an all women theatrical/musical group. I had wanted to watch some of those crazy Japanese game shows, but the available channels did not show any. Also they still use an actual key instead of a card key. That did not bother us, but thought that was unusual as even cheap hotels use card keys now. We would stay there again asked!!!On a side note we were very intimidated by the train/subway system before we got there, but once you use it a couple of times its so easy to get around and is so efficient and cheap.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>baileychow
<Content>No Regrets Reserved via the hotel website and was quite surprised our room included breakfast! 3 places to enjoy the morning: 1 at the 2nd floor of the hotel where there is a breakfast set of eggs (even eggs benedict which is fabulous), bacon or ham or sausage (singular because you get only one), breads, veggies like spinach, potato, cherry tomato, broccoli. Usual coffee, tea. 2nd option at the Japanese style next door to the 1st breakfast place - we only ate there once. 3rd option is the breakfast buffet but you have to cross the street to go to the annex and walk down some steps to get there.But in my opinion, nothing beat the english muffin on the eggs benedict. I had it 4 mornings out of 9.Room: same as other reviewers' opinions. You can hear the train but it's just a low rumbling noise.Yes train station is very near but in the end we just took the taxi to Tokyo Station to get to the Keio line to get to Disney  Makuhari Messe (which was where the Tokyo Motor Show was).Great Yamanote line to get to Odaiba which we went there twice. Get the day pass. We also did the Onsen there. great experience. Be ready to bathe in your birthday suit in the separated public areas though. But there are common areas where you get to go around in your yukatas or robes.Highlight of out stay is this great little steak place called Steak Hanamasa. From the exit where the train tracks are, cross the road  turn right. It is right across a place called Almond. Great great steaks. It's a vending machine type place. You go in, put some money in the machine  press your order. The 900 yen steak is very2 good. We also ate there twice. Too bad we discovered it 2 days before we were to leave Japan.Another great place across the street is a place that starts with a W. Wakame or Watami or something. There's a small rectangular pond outside. The food is very nicely presented  very good too. Mt. Fuji tour by Grayline, sadly is ok but at the start they were very late. it says you have to be at the lobby by 9 AM. then grayline buses started coming but no rep to guide us. I found them standing outside. We left at around 930. The next day, same tour but now the reps went inside to go to the waiting tourists. My goodness. Maybe we just had one of those days..... But the day excursion was ok. it's a tad warm in Tokyo but when you get up to Mt. Fuji, it turns cold  windy, so bring extra jackets. Can't wait to go back to Japan!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bexywexy
<Content>Loved the Dai-ichi Superb! Friendly, very helpful service. Massive bed in decent size room. Very clean. Lots of bathroom amenities, replaced every day. Lovely lobby. Had coffee and cake there one afternoon - nice if a little pricey. In excellent location for sightseeing (30 seconds from Shinbashi station on the central Yamanote line), plus other subways. Next to a lovely street of cosy bars and restaurants under the railway bridge, about 10 minutes walk from Ginza shopping area. Lots of coffee shops and convenience stores surround the hotel - we went there for breakfast as it was far cheaper than in the hotel. We has a massage in the hotel room-it was brilliant (very deep), about 5000 yen. Highly recommend this hotel-a thoroughly enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tnstvlr
<Content>Fantastic Dai Ichi Wow! What service and attitude - the Best! My wife and I stayed here Oct 10-13 on our first leg of 4 stops in Asia. This hotel has spoiled us for all other hotels! The service was beyond exceptional. The staff makes you believe that they enjoy helping and serving you here. No tips expected and what a wonderful attitude. May I help you? really means that. Rooms were immaculate and the location could not have been better. We were tired the first day and ended up taking advantage of their 30% off meal in their smorgassboard type restaurant. (Yes, it cost $34 each, but we paid $50 another night for one pizza and 2 beers!) On the menu that night were Filet Mignon and King Crab Legs (along with other entres) with a myriad of other fabulous side dishes. It sits less than 5 min walk (with roller luggage) from the Shimbashi Terminal and less than 5 minutes walk from the start of the Ginza District - take lots of money!We bought the First Class Japan Rail (JR) pass for 7 days ($333 each) because we were taking the fast train (called Shinkansen) to Kyoto and the 7 day pass cost less than a round trip cost Tokyo - Kyoto and return. The biggest benefit was that the JR express from Narita Airport to Tokyo station and back were free and all JR (most subways and above ground rail) lines were free also. Saved us a ton of time and bother having to carry around small change for tickets. One word of caution, show the rail pass to the person at the window rather than trying to go thru the turnstiles when you enter and leave the train stations. If you get lost --and you will,-- ask any policeman or ticket window person for directions. Everyone is lost sometime- even the locals! This Hotel is among the best of the best!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>silvergate
<Content>Loved the Dai-Ichi Hotel Visiting friends in Tokyo we booked a five day stay at this easily reached hotel, since from Narita the Airport Limo Bus stops at the front door of the hotel. Return to the airport with departures every 15 minutes can be arranged at the bell desk. Greeted with a smile by very friendly, efficient, very well English speaking, and ever helpful staff, check in was dispatched in no time. Our quiet room on the 18th floor offered a partial city view, and occasionally below the bullet train would drive by at a slow speed. Noise from the trains was all but imperceptible. The room with the most comfortable king size bed was well appointed with 48 flat screen TV, Tea maker, mini-bar, in-room safe, PC hook-up, a comfortable seating/table group, and a desk, Pictures with Japanese scenes as well as lamps with porcelain bases decorated in traditional Japanese designs made for a pleasing ambiance. The closet held everything from shoehorn, cloth brush, sewing kit, slippers to daily changed kimonos. The marble bathroom and shower were simply luxurious and stocked with soft towels and an ample assortment of toiletries. The electric toilet took some leaning before it would not ambush one with a spray at the wrong moment. As is to be expected in a 5-star hotel in Japan food in the hotel restaurants is exceptional but expensive. An alternative is offered in the little streets around the hotel and the Shimbashi train station where from Mc Donald's over soup kitchensto fine dining something for every taste and pocket book can be found. Shoppers are able to walk to the near Ginza main shopping street, pedestrianized on weekends. Lastly, Shimbashi JR-train and subway station can be accessed from the hotel lobby via a marbled underground way. A special experience was being able to observe Japanese couple after couple getting married in front of a picturesque wall hanging in the lobby. All in all, the Dai-ichi lived up to its promises and we certainly will stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lbrooks01
<Content>What a great hotel We've just gotten back from a trip to Tokyo, and Osaka. Having never been to Japan, I was unsure where to stay. I did know that we liked to shop, but also realized that being near a subway/train station is critical to explore as much as possible.We took the airport bus from Narita, it was very convenient and economical and drops you right at the hotel. The room we had was very large, well decorated, and a very good value for Tokyo, quite frankly a bargain for any large city. We paid less than $200 a night with no breakfast. There is a great little coffee shop across the street from the hotel, very good espresso and some pastry selection.The lobby and staff were excellent. I have to say that the concierge service made this a perfect stay. They were knowledgeable, polite, and great at their jobs -- spoke excellent English. Why is this important? Well, because Tokyo really has a very scattered way to their streets and addresses. It really is almost impossible to locate something by address unless someone maps it our for you.The location, although not quite in ginza, is really good because it is near central transportation. There is a large grocery store right next to the station, we stumbled on it. We ate nearby at Dadaiya, very good, somewhat hip restaurant that served kind of fusion Japanese. Atmosphere was very nice, food was excellent -- don't order too many dishes like we did, although small plates they aren't actually that small. We also ate at the crab place literally across the street from dadaiya on the second floor. I think the translation was the Crab House. Their crab was good, crab sashimi (an experience). They have both cooked crab and uncooked.I would definitely stay at this hotel again for the service, location, value and just a feel of Tokyo. Most guests were Japanese, why stay in a generic American hotel chain?  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovtravl
<Content>Great hotel in excellent location Just completed a two night stay at the Dai-ichi Hotel. It is an easy walk from Shimbashi station. We reserved a premium floor room which was located on the 20th floor of the hotel. The main reason we selected this was to be on a high floor and avoid any train noise. The room was quiet, although during peak hours you could hear the trains (but minimal sound).The room was large with two twin beds pushed together as a king, bedside tables, two chairs with a table between them, desk and chest of drawers. The bathroom was large with shower (with shower massage), heated toiletseat with bidet and shower, and very large vanity, but single sink. The air condition/ventiation system worked well. The room was equipped with in room safe, hot water for coffee/tea service and a minibar. The linens were very comfortable (down comforter). We had great service from the hotel. We advised them of our late arrival, and when we reached our room, it was already outfitted with ice in the icebucket and the hot pot was already heated with hot water for tea or coffee.Our room rate included full breakfast, but we left the hotel too early one morning for the full breakfast (it is only available after 7 am). On that morning, we had a continental breakfast in the coffee shop . The other morning, we had the full breakfast delivered by room service (no extra charge), and it was everything we could have wanted and was delivered promptly at 7 am.The front desk, bell stand and concierge were all helpful. The concierge spoke and understood English quite well; the front desk staff was less experienced, but adequate. We went to one of the hotel's restaurant for dinner one night and enjoyed both the food and the view from the top of the hotel. We had our welcome drinks in the lobby bar. It seemed expensive to us and smoking was allowed. So, if we had any negative views, it would be of the lobby bar.In all, an excellent choice in a great location and we would stay there again. Reserving directly through the hotel was less expensive than any of the on line brokers.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DrMaestro
<Content>Would stay again.... This was one of the best hotels I've ever been. Close to metro and railway stations. Very close to shops. The staff is examplary in their work.I also wanted to state a problem: If you want to pay by cash, they want a deposit when you check-in. This can be acceptable (but in my experience with hotels, this is not the norm) but they want you to pay nearly 50% more than the total bill, including taxes. When I asked why they wanted me to pay more than the bill they said that I may have additional expanses like the mini-bar. I think it is illogical. Because, the hotel is not very cheap and if you are going to stay for a long time the sum is going to be important. If you have a calculated budget, you don't want to pay 50% more than you have planned, even if they are going to give back the unused portion on check-out. So, either you bring a lot of money with you, or use a credit card (which I did, but I was unsure if my limit was enough).  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rachet79
<Content>Trip to Japan Just got back from holiday from Japan, this hotel was very good it is located in shimbashi and is linked to the metro station which is very convienent. Also the airport limousine runs from here to Narita airport and is very easily booked through the bell captain. staff are extrmely helpful and friendly and al seem to speak very good English. Only one thing is you could here the trains in the room but this didn't stop you sleeping.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Trafaeiliaisybyd
<Content>TRAFAELIAIS Y BYD We stayed 3 nights, beginning our first visit to Japan. Well located hotel and a clean, quiet room where everything worked. Don't eat and drink at the hotel - breakfast on the 1st morning was a rip-off albeit cloaked in the excessive Japanese formalities. Similarly additional facilities - pool/internet access etc have an excessive price tag!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	2	2	

<Author>KMCP14
<Content>Excellent stay at the Dai-Ichi Hotel Tokyo Our experience at the Dai-Ichi was as good as everyone has reported, so I feel no need to repeat the same comments that others have made. One tip if you are planning on reserving a room:We stayed on two separate occasions, (July 14-15 and July 20-22), both times in what they call a Superior room. The first time we had the tempurpedic pillows, excellent bed and large room that other travelers reported. The second time we did not. We immediately inquired at the front desk, and they told us that both rooms are superior quality, but the room we had stayed in the first time was renovated. They immediately moved us to a renovated room at our request. The renovated rooms are on the 14th floor, so I would recommend specifying this when you make your reservation. The renovated rooms do have a personal safe in them, if this is an issue.We ate at the sushi restaurant in the basement of the hotel. The food was extraordinary, but the ambiance is far from ideal. All the same, the hotel gives everyone who stays a 30% coupon off of its restaurants, so the price was not unreasonable, and it was convenient on a night when we wanted to stay in.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>halo8
<Content>Excellent service, convenient location, will come back!!       Find this plaza and you'll find JR easily. Dai Ichi is the tall yellow building in the back.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccmlovetravel
<Content>Great location, great service Great hotel. Very satisfied with the service. The bell captain and front desk people were always there to greet us and service our needs. Concierge spoke very good English and gave very helpful and detailed information. Room was clean and nice. We stayed on the 12th floor in a room facing the side, and we did hear train noises. However it was soft and did not bother us. We had a triple room and the extra bed was comfortable, although in my opinion the beds were all a bit on the hard side. Can't beat the location, so close to the Shimbashi station and Ginza. There are also quite a number of inexpensive restaurants on the side streets.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tellyjan
<Content>Loved the Daiichi Hotel, Shimbashi (Tokyo) Our family of four stayed 5 nights at the Daiichi Hotel in Shimbashi from June 30 to July 5, 2007. Am I glad I picked this hotel! I booked it through Expedia at $200 each room per night. It is fabulous and made our stay in Tokyo memorable.From Narita, we took the airport limo bus and Daiichi Hotel is one of their stops. That was very convenient and reasonable at $25 per person one way and we did not have to worry about hulling 5 big  heavy suitcases. The airport bus operated on time like clockwork. It took 1 hr 15 mins. to reach our hotel from Narita. Check-in was a breeze. We booked 2 nonsmoking rooms. The hallway was wide with pleasing pinkish tones. The rooms were spacious for a city hotel. The beds were nice, clean  comfy. I was surprised how spacious the bathrooms were. It had a tub and separate shower and all the modern amenities. The most toiletries (beyond shampoos, conditioners  lotions) I've ever seen was provided. The toilet was self-cleaning and even deodorizes itself. The yucatas (kimonos) provided were 100% cotton and felt so good to wear as robes. Internet in the room was free. The overall hotel service was superb. The location of the hotel is another big plus. There is access to the metro subway  train station on the ground floor of the hotel itself. However, if you want to walk outside to the metro  train station, they are only one block around the corner. Getting in  around Tokyo is easy and the metro  trains are user friendly. It won't take long before you have mastered the system. Just remember your stop is Shimbashi.We did not eat in the hotel since they are pricey. Around the corner or just a short walk away, restaurants abound. For breakfast, there is the Excelsior Cafe and Tully Cafe right outside the hotel. Ginza is not far to walk, 5-10 mins. We walked a lot in Japan and this is good because we had to burn the calories we packed because the food everywhere we ate was delicious.One day, my husband discovered he had left his wallet in our room with a lot of money. We found it untouched when we came back in the evening. I admire the staff for their honesty. Truly remarkable! No wonder they don't have a safe inside the room, we didn't need it.Kawanda at the Concierge was well-spoken  delightful to deal with. She gave us a lot of good tips  advice. She was very polite and extremely helpful.We took the airport limo bus back to Narita and like clockwork, they were on time (rather they arrived ahead of time) at our hotel for our pickup. I'm glad we spent 5 nights in Tokyo because it gave us a chance to explore this fascinating city in depth. We can't wait to come back and we'll definitely stay at the Daiichi Hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McCash
<Content>Dai Ichi Tokyo Great hotel, everything were perfect. I have nothing bad to say about this establishment.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccrevival
<Content>Excellent Hotel at an Incredible price All the positive reviews below are true! I found a great price through Expedia that I could not ignore and we got back our money's worth and more. Their beds were the most comfortable we've ever experienced, and we've stayed in 5 star hotels that can't compare. In particular, they provided the expensive Tempur pillows that we've decided to finally purchase for our own beds at home. My teenage daughter lamented that she could not bring her rollout bed back with her. Service was impeccable especially their concierge who for two days tried to help us find a places that sold ceramic tunaki statues and the bell captains that consistently gave us umbrellas whenever it rained. We stayed on the 12th floor and we did hear trains, but they were gentle, short-lived, and did not bother our sleep. We will definitly stay again when we return.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khizer
<Content>Superb Hotel this hotel is superb. it is conveniently located near shimbashi station which makes all areas of tokyo easily accessible. you can walk also walk into ginza.the staff are really polite and the room was immaculate every day after we left it in a state. i would advise not taking many toiletries as they supply shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, face wash, comb, brush, toothbrush, shaving foam, razors. we took our own stuff and this was also arranged neatly by the hotel staff on a daily basis. you are also provided with japanese yukatan robes and slippers. we asked for a iron and also a dvd player which was provided as well. if it rains you can ask for an umbrella from the bell captains desk.the breakfast is quite expensive in the hotel so we opted to go to excelsior cafe and sometimes tully's cafe. they are located on either exit of the hotel. both are fairly cheap.you can get a superb view of tokyo from the 21st floor bar but drinks ain't cheap.to sum up, i would definetly stay again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelchick50
<Content>Best Hotel Ever My family booked two rooms at the Dai-Ichi Tokyo just last week (June, 2007). We were greeted after a very difficult flight by experienced, kind and capable staff. The concierges were the best and most efficient we have ever experienced, and our family travels often. Our rooms were quite large for an Asian hotel room, and the beds were extremely comfortable. The amenities are all there, along with three great eateries located in the basement of the hotel (very nice Japanese selections). The location is great,too. Just across from the subway, which is quite easy to access and utilize, and located on the edge of the Ginza district, so there is wonderful shopping and food outlets. Try the huge supermarket and food court located by the subway terminal, or go to one of the Japanese department stores in Ginza, and try their food courts. Very interesting and very tasty!Again, we can't say enough about the hotel staff... I would always choose this hotel when in Tokyo. They make you feel very special.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripsrme
<Content>even saw a wedding!! Great hotel. Very convenient for Ginza and also for subway network. Our room on 11th floor overlooked the train tracks but did not disturb us. General air of quiet refinement about hotel. Staff speak excellent english and are extremely attentive. Only took one breakfast in the lobby lounge. Good service and excellent food although a little pricey. There is an excellent coffee shop (Tully's) across the road from the rear exit which is very reasonable and good selection for breakfast. Airport limousine service (which is actually a bus) from hotel. Like everything else in Japan runs exactly on time and is slightly cheaper than Narita Express although marginally longer journey time. Japanese wedding taking place on Saturday in lobby lounge area. Lovely to see!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mikemonte
<Content>Best Hotel Ever....perfect Everything is perfect....hotel...room...staff...view...location....better than a USA marriot...  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kahaluu_Bob
<Content>Excellent hotel Delightful hotel. Excellent service. The room was large and clean, the bathroom quite nice with separate tub and shower. The location is very nice, close to Ginza and a number of interesting places to walk or eat. The concierge was quite helpful.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Rori74
<Content>Great Location We stayed for a week and had a great time. The staff is wonderful, friendly and will help you as much as possible. The hotel鈥檚 location is great, convenient to the train station, shopping and lots of restaurants. We will definitely stay here when we come back.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calbrs
<Content>What a great hotel! This hotel was one of my favorites during our travels through Japan. The hotel room was very modern and clean, has the luxuries I would expect from a high end hotel and has a very helpful staff. The beds were comfortable, and we had no problems with the noise or air conditioning. There is a direct access to the train station and it's convenient to get to anywhere in Tokyo through the subway system. The hotel has several restaurants that look good, but pricey. There are also lots of dining options in nearby Ginza (one subway stop or a long walk), as well as in the train station, so we opted to eat out every night.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KatieNY
<Content>Home away from home       Lobby w/ coffee shop  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>capucineBlagnac
<Content>Nice stay at Dai ichi hotel We stay at the Dai Ichi Tokyo Hotel for 5 days in march 2007. The room was large, very confortable and extremely clean decorated with japanese pictures and nice lamps. High speed internet was free and we had plenty of room to put the computer. The bathroom was big, with electronic japanese toiletts and a lot of soaps, toothbrushes, combs ,etc to used. The continental breakfast was very good and not too expensive for the quality. The staff people were very nice and helpfull. The location of the hotel is very nice , at walking distance of Ginza and of the department stores. It is communicating with one of the main station of the subway which is nice when you visit the city; The restaurants at the hotel are expensive but there is many different restaurants around at all price. It is easy to go out every night. The only negative point is that we were at 10th floor and we could heard the train comming in the station but the sound was really light and not disturbing.It was a extremely good quality/price deal and I recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>OllieLondon
<Content>Value, Central, Modern, Comfy : Great! We stayed here for 4 nights and got a great deal on Expedia at less than 拢350 for two of us. Very central being bang next door to Shimbashi Station, and comfortable rooms in a modern hotel. Staff are really helpful - like they are everywhere in Japan. Nice bar on the top floor as well with great views over Tokyo.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RogueFour
<Content>Great location The Dai-Ichi was our last stop on our Japan trip. We were very happy to be staying in a luxury hotel, so to speak, after staying in ryokans for awhile.The location was great ... across the street from Shimbashi station, which had a JR line connection (good for those, like us, with the JR rail pass). Right near Ginza as well, for good shopping and food.High speed internet was free, staff was friendly and accomodating. In fact, they kept two large bags for us for a week before we even checked in while we traveled around Japan. This is very valuable! It was free, and so convenient.Rooms were spacious, separate bath and shower, great view.The hotel bar had a terrific view ...drinks were about $15, but it was worth it for a night.Lots of restaurants as well in the hotel, although we only went to sushi there. A close by coffee shop was great to have in the morning as well.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BinDereDoneDat
<Content>Great Hotel but beware of banana skins! This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in (although the Fiat hotel in Turin with the race track on the roof is better, but not as central).Firstly it's very centrally located - very close to a mian metro station Shimbashi, and also within 5 minutes walk of the main shopping area, Ginza.Secondly it's got large rooms which are well appointed with a generously sized bathroom - it also has a bidet in the toilet so beware!Thirdly it has more staff than any hotel I've ever stayed in and practically all the staff are just waiting for the chance to serve you in some way - you will find it difficult to give in your key at reception because the bell boys will have intercepted you and taken the key before you reach the desk! At breakfast they 'll guide you to a seat, pull out the chair/table, immediately take your order and start bring ing the food along within about 2 minutes. I like a cold breeakfast so I have Juice, Yoghurt and then Granola. They don't have room on the table for these simultaneously so they bring you Granola after you have finished your yoghurt - and then apologise for the delay! (- which is usually 10-15 seconds after you've finished your yoghurt.).Fourthly, they give you a razor, shaving gel, aftershave, toothbrush and toothpaste every day, along with usual shampoo etc.Fifthly, you get the Japan Times (english) paper delivered to your door at 6am very morning and can get a free copy of the Financial Times at reception.Sixthly, You have a Concierge at Reception tpo mark out restaurants on maps for you etc.Seventhly, There is no tipping in Japan, they do the work well because this is their job - so the service you get is not due to them hoping for a tip.Eightly- complimentary umbrellas available as you leave the hotel.Ninthly - hotel was about 鈧?60 per night at corporate rate and was good valueTokyo is less expensive than Dublin - much cheaper to eat out, taxis (said to be very expensive) are about half the cost of Dublin.I had a really nice fugu meal at Torafugu in Ginza for about 11,000 yen - worth trying!Only odd issue is that they served a sliced banan with the Granola every day but one, and when I asked 'why no banana?' I was told that they never served banana - I think this was an example of the inscrutable East, as everything else was fine.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deuxvoix1
<Content>I loved it, my fav hotel i ever stayed at! I absolutely cannot say enough about this hotel. I recently stayed for 9 days in November 2006 and am VERY glad I did. Check in was almost instantaneous, with a non-smoking superior room as I had requested. The lobby was lovely and the staff is very eager to please and do their job. The room was an average size with a lovely bathroom and everything you need was at your fingertips! They have razors, toothbrushes (I somehow forgot mine and found this really helpful!), toothpaste, robes, slippers, you name it!The view was great and the location was fantastic, right near Ginza. Breakfast was not free, however there are lots of restaurants and many convenience stores nearby to meet your every need.I was lucky enough to see a Japanese wedding in the lobby, which felt magical! I loved this hotel so much because every detail was looked after (even If I took a piece of stationary paper they would replace it the next day!)I would describe it as a hotel with old world charm and Japanese sophistication. It is true what other reviewers say that other parts of the world (North America especially) could learn a lot from this hotel where they truly provide excellent service! I truly miss this hotel and Japan! I want to go back soon, perhaps in spring 2006! If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to email me at deuxvoix1@yahoo.comp.s. I'm from Toronto, Canada. I have stayed in many hotels in Canada, U.S., U.K., FRANCE,CARRIBEAN and I still stand by this hotel being my fav! This hotel made me feel rich!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarahd001
<Content>Fab hotel I loved this hotel, we stayed here whilst we were in Tokyo for new year. The view from our room at night was great. The room was one of the best we stayed in in Japan, the bathroom was certainly the best.The hotel has a great location just off Shimbashi underground station. Ginza is a very short walk away but we really enjoyed the Shimbashi area itself, there's a Big Echo karaoke building a short walk away, definitely worth a quick stop off and there's a fine food market connected to the Shimbashi station. The market is amazing and the people very helpful, there's all manner of Japanese food on offer there.There's lots of great back street ramen restaurants on the edge of Ginza and the fish market is about a 10 - 15 min walk away.I would definitely stay here again, I did not notice any problem with the lobby being smoky, I thought it was a nice bar, reception type area.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>uffizi
<Content>no return back We stayed there 6 nights during Thanksgiving holiday.The check in lobby is small and if you walked from the bakery side to the check in area there was cigarette smell all over your clothing because you need to pass some restaurant area, either people love to smoke there or the circulation of air is not good enough at the lobby.When I booked the hotel I have requested a room far away from the track, but I still got the room facing it. After I called the front desk , they changed to the room on the side, but still you can hear the track. I always needs fresh air, as the heater is too warm even I turned off the heater unit. When I opened the window it was very noisy, and also with this oily smell or BBQ smell came in the room, I guess from the restaurant below. You can see the Tokyo Tower but also many air conditions units on top of buildings, it is a bad view, as I am wondering the air came out from the air condition units is harmful or not if you have the window open. The room size is okay, but not much storage place for your luggage.This hotel and the annex are very close to the track.I read reviews before I booked this place, I totally disagree with the good comments. I enjoyed my trip but staying at this hotel sure made me not happy. The receptionist spoke limited English,with the copy of the map not even clear, took us a while to find the atm machine. Even it is kind of close to Ginza, I still would not recommend it. There is one more problem, I had a Sprint phone card with me to use, I called the front desk to get the instruction of how to dial to USA using Sprint phone card so I do not have to pay the hotel, she gave me a number to call. During the check out time they charged me for the phone calls, I told them what happened, they still wanted me to pay, however, it was connected to Sprint and I did keyed in my phone card access number. So now I have to pay Sprint and paid the hotel. It is not fair if the operator has problem understand English.I stayed many times at Crown Plaza Hotel Metropolitan Tokyo at Ikebukuro, some people think it is out ot the way, actually it is not it takes short time to ride on the metro and gets you to everywhere, and walked to the station is so close and there are also so many big department stores at the station and can shop and eat very easily, and the atm machine is one minute walking distance from the hotel. Lobby at the hotel is hugh with lots of sitting area that you can read news paper, and also a computer room you can have free access, also a buffet restaurant at the ground floor, and a good bakery shop. The front desk people speak perfect English and very helpful. The reason I did not stayed there because my partner wanted to stay at a different hotel to try.Now no more trying.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	1	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>dickie98
<Content>Comfortable and Good Location The Dai-Ichi is well located, a few minutes from Shimbashi station (on mainline and metro) has its own entrance from the metro (exit 7) and is literally around the corner from the famous Ginza area with its upmarket shops and vast selection of restaurants. For coffee and breakfast there is a Tully's to one side of the hotel and an Excelsior Cafe to the other and I recommend the breakfast set for 400 Yen at the latter,The hotel comrpises of 21 floors of which some 10 floors ae guest rooms. I booked a superior room, and as far as I know I got it. Not sure what would make it superior to other rooms in the hotel, pleasant though it was. The king size bed was extremely firm, which pleased me but might put you off if you like a soft bed. You get a couple of chairs (slightly worn) a table, desk, TV and mini-bar.The bathroom was large and done in a rather ornate style - though some elements such as the stand alone shower seem to have been added later and were rather plainer in terms of fittings.There are dressing gowns and yakuta supplied and a decent selection of toiletries, toothbrush, hair brush, comb etc.The TV had two English language channels - CNN and BBC World (if you feel the need to watch TV), so you won't be short of news but if you don't speak Japanese you'll be stuck for entertainment TV, though some game shows are totally compelling even if you don't know what they are saying!Even numbered rooms are at the front of the hotel and face the railway line so you do get some noise of the trains (the local surface rail and the Shinkansen go through here). I was on the 16th floor and it wasn't too loud or intrusive but if you like total silence ask for an odd numbered room which will face the other side away from the railway.The staff are, as in every Japanese hotel I've stayed in, exceptionally polite and helpful and will arrange transport to the airport etc with charm and usually excellent English (putting me to shame with my appaling lack of Japanese).Overall I'd say this is a nice hotel in a good location, the rate I got from Expedia was pretty good and I'd stay here again when in Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wobbs1
<Content>Excellent hotel for touring We'd never visited Tokyo before booking a 5-night stay at the Dai-ichi. Although the hotel lobby is not much, and the restaurants seemed overpriced, we found this hotel absolutely optimal for touring the city.We reserved a premier-floor room via Expedia for around $240 inclusive. This, surprisingly, included a continental breakfast with top-notch pastries (there's a bakery downstairs in the hotel). In our 20th floor room, the train noise was negligible, and we had plenty of space. The bathroom had everything you'd ever need..Of more importance, the Dai-ichi is right next to the Shimbashi station that houses several central Metro/Toei subway lines, the JR Yamanote line, and several suburban trains (including the train to Kamakura). There is an subway entrance directly from the hotel (although you're unlikely to find it on your first trip). In addition, we saw several (local) trains at Shimbashi that were going to Narita (e.g. on the Yokosuka-Soba line). This will probably take longer than the NEx train to Tokyo main station, but doesn't require a change (although we didn't get the chance to try this.)The best thing about the Dai-ichi is the service. The people that work there are the most gracious and helpful I've ever met at a hotel. The concierge arranged for train tickets to Kyoto, gave us a fish auction schedule for Tsukiji market, and helped us plan a trip to Kamakura. The fellow who worked in the premier lounge was equally as helpful. Furthermore, all other services were top-notch as well.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BenjaB
<Content>Unbelievable hotel -- fantastic I was there on business for a one-week trip. The hotel staff was incredibly friendly -- it seemed like there were two people at any one time looking to see if they could help you in some way -- and the concierge staff were experts. The hotel overlooks the tracks leading into Shimbashi Station, but the train noise was muted and not a problem at all. The restaurant selection was wide and impressive (although the prices were exhorbitant -- the only negative at this hotel). I paid a stellar rate for Tokyo, the equivalent of about US $216/night, including breakfast. DSL internet access was available for free! For a business traveler, this hotel had everything necessary for a great trip.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ron99
<Content>One Great Hotel As good as it gets. Took the limo-bus from the airport for $25. Very friendly J-english speaking staff. We upgraded our room for $20 and got an awesome 9th floor city view, DSL computer desk, and most importantly - an electric warm water bidet which gave new meaning to the idea of using the bathroom.Hotel location was perfect. A 5-minute (safe) walk to Ginza where the neon lights and people never sleep. Restaurants start outside the hotel front door and go on for a mile. American food is also nearby... McD's is 2 blocks away, the 7-11 store is 3 blocks (turn right at McD's)..KFC is 2 blocks straight past McD's and the 24 hour Visa debit/credit kiosk is across from KFC.BEST FIND: an amazing food super market is 5 minutes away - on the opposite side of the subway but connected to it outside. Turn left at McD's, go under the subway, turn right at the Drug Store and its a block down on the right. We took home incredible prepared food, stocked our room with staples, and found delicious pastries with cheeses, meats, and fruits. Don't miss it.Dai Ichi arranged our tours which were the hit of our trip. Get an in-room massage for $50...you deserve it. The hotel made the trip for us.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozkaya
<Content>Comfortable but not with a child We stayed in Dai-ichi for three day in september 2006 for three days. The hotel rooms are very spacious but they did not put an extra bed even though they knew that we were going to be with our 6 year old and asked extra 4000 JPY a night extra. Also beware that swimming pool is only for 18years and older people. Children and people with tattoos are not allowed. Other wise the bellboys and girls are very nice and speak good English (unlike the people at the reception)..We enjoyed the comfort of the place and the bathroom is very spacious with excellent showers etc. The place is very convenient from the Shimbashi station. There is a way to get to the hotel from the metro but it is not very straightforward. you need to head towards exit D which is near exit 7 (if I remember rightly).  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>feelinfroggy2
<Content>Great Hotel       Closet, with slippers!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler0858
<Content>Nice rooms with all a great bathroom and location. The previous posters reviews are very accurate. My wife and I found the rooms to be larger than we thought they would be especially for Tokyo. The bathrooms have seperate tubs and showers. The tubs are very large, nice to soak in after a day around Tokyo. The concierge was incredible, they set up dinner reservations for us and was very helpful with all the questions that we had. We returned from dinner one night and found an envelope placed under our door with the dinner reservation confirmations along with detailed street maps, directions and even detailed subway directions, connections and even subway fare prices to our restaurants. The hotel offers a number of restaurants but the prices seemed to be on the high side. If you exit the east side of the hotel (the side facing the SunKus convenience store) take a left and then a right at the first access under the train tracks you will be headed toward Ginza. After passing under the tracks take your first left and it will put you on a small street that is filled with restaurants. As you walk up this street it is restaurant after restaurant. We went to this street just about every night. Most have menus with pictures posted outside and many have English menus if requested. The price ranges can be anywhere from about $10 per person (noodle bowls) to $50+ per person if you want to spend that. One night we ate at a place that offered small plates of things (like Tapas) and had a couple of cold sakes and our bill was less than $45 for 2 people. We were stuffed and even had dessert. You can eat in Ginza for a reasonable price, just look for where the locals are going. The attention to detail is what made our stay there so nice. We returned to Dai Ichi Tokyo for our last 2 nights in Japan from Kyoto and there was even a nice note in our rooms welcoming us back along with a small orchid. We couldn't believe that they would remember us. Each morning daily newspapers are hanging on the door outside the rooms, in room TV's have a few stations in English including CNN. A nice way to stay connected.There are internet computers available in the lobby but for a fee of 540 yen per 30 minutes (about $4.69). Expensive but a way to check e-mails if needed. The yukatas in the rooms along with bathrobes are nice for lounging after a bath or shower. We got a great rate on an internet site, cheaper than booking on the Dai Ichi site directly. Don't know if I can mention the site or not but just do a search on the major sites because the discounted rate seemed to be about the same.JonAtlanta, Georgia  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JohnMH
<Content>Very good hotel in a great location My wife and I stayed at the Dia-Ichi Hotel Tokyo during the last week of July 2006. I would just like to echo what some of the other reviewers have mentioned, particularly the quality of the hotel and its great location. The Dai-Ichi Hotel Tokyo is across the street from the Shimbashi train station (there is actually an underground connection), which in addition to a couple of subway lines also has the Yamanote JR train line which is great for getting to the various sights (the Yamanote line is a circle line that runs around central Tokyo and is covered by the JR rail pass). This means that if you are coming in from Narita airport all your have to do is take the Narita Express to Tokyo Station and then get on the Yamanote line and travel two stops to Shimbashi. In addition to great transportation, there are also numerous restaurants and coffee shops in the surrounding streets, including a full supermarket in the Shimbashi station. As has also been mentioned, the hotel is only a 15 minute walk to the fish market which is very handy as the action there starts before the subway begin operation in the morning. The hotel itself was very nice; equivalent to a 4-star business hotel in North America with well appointed and relatively spacious rooms. The staff were very helpful and there always seemed to be at least one staff member available at all time who spoke English. We got a very good price for this hotel on Expedia (CAD$160/night) - a price/quality combination that we would be hard pressed to match in any North American hotel. The only word of caution would be directed towards very light sleepers as the hotel is next to the train tracks and at times some noise can filter through to the room.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ibreak4coffee
<Content>Good place to stay in Tokyo Stayed at the Dai'Ichi Hotel from July 31-August 3. The hotel was in a great location (one stop from Ginza on the subway, 10 minute walk to both Ginza and the Tsujuki Fish Market, and on the direct JR line to Narita airport), the rooms were well maintained and the staff were extremely friendly. Would definitely come back if I return to Tokyo.Requested an extra bed when booking and upon arrival the bed was already in the room. In three weeks of traveling through Asia, this was the only hotel where this happened. Didnt try breakfast or the restaurants, but there are plenty of stores, restaurants, and coffee shops in the neighborhood. There is a Tully's Coffee directly outside the hotel that was great for mornings.Staff were all very helpful and nice. The lobby area is very spacious and well maintained as well. Booked a great rate (for Tokyo at least) on Expedia, and recommend checking there before you book this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>darwinsail
<Content>Great location and spacious room We stay for 2 nights at the hotel. It is not new, but has an excellent location. It is steps of Ginza, metro station, restaurants, etc...The concierges were excellent and give us good suggestions and very detail information to go where we want. Also the recommendation of restaurants out of the hotel works fine.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel I stayed at the Dai-Ichi twice on one trip, with my 12 year-old son. We had a great time, and no complaints about the hotel. There is an underground passageway to the metro and train station, a huge number of restaurants nearby, and a Japanese bookstore with a good English section (second floor, at the back) across the street. The Ginza district is a short walk under the train tracks and up the street. Mini-marts are straight across the street from both hotel side entrances, making it easy to grab a snack when you're coming and going.Breakfast at the hotel was good, with a nice buffet selection, but more than $20 per person. We only ate there once; there were so many other options in walking distance.The only annoyance was the fact that you need a DSL modem put in your room in order to plug into the Internet. The modem is free, and the staff will set it up for you, but it just puts more wires on your small desk. (If you want to use the Internet with your laptop, ask for the modem when you check in and they'll bring it up with your luggage.)  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MDFR
<Content>Dai-Ichi Hotel, Excellent hotel and a GREAT location! I personally found this hotel to be equal to a 4-5 star US quality hotel. All the staff was extremely helpful, gave us directions to wherever we asked and answered questions quickly! Check in, and out, was very efficient, everyone on the front desk staff spoke very good english, better than I expected!The rooms were equally up to what I expect of a 4-5 star hotel, QUIET AND CLEAN, as well as refrigerators, coffeemaker, toiletries, shower and a separate bath and very comfortable beds, or maybe I was just tired! LOL. We had a room on the 16th floor of the main hotel, the annex was across the courtyard, but I never went there. We did not try any of the restaurants within the hotel as we grabbed a quck coffee and roll across the street and normally did not get back until late after having eaten somewhere in the city!Subway and train station was only 1 block from hotel, making for EASY access to all of Tokyo! I would highly recommend the hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again in the future!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tgupta
<Content>Good Hotel, very convenient location, friendly, efficient staff WHAT I LIKED:The location is very convenient, and close to trains and subways. The staff spoke good English, was very efficient and friendly. They helped us with directions to local attractions, booking airport shuttle, confirming our flights...Our room was very comfortable. We had booked a room with a queen bed and were planning to ask for a rollaway bed for my 7 year old son, but, they gave us a room with a king bed. Our room window faced the train tracks so it wasn't much of a view, but, since we were hardly in our room during the day, it didn't matter. The room also provided us with kimonos and slippers, replaced fresh daily. The bathroom was large and very nice. Toilet with bedet, seperate shower, and huge bath tub. They provided all manner of deluxe toiletteries including tooth paste, tooth brushes, disposable razors, etc, also replaced daily. Had I known, I would have packed much lighter.One day we didn't use our room at all since we had gone to Hakone for a night (we didnt bother to tell the staff that we were leaving), and though we returned to a clean room the next day, the hotel staff called us to ask if wanted our room to be cleaned.We also got a very reasonable room rate. I forget the exact amount, it was around $145 per night. There was no extra fee for a third person (our son), like some other hotels in Tokyo were charging.Very positive experience. I would gladly stay at Dai-Ichi if we visit Tokyo again. Highly recommended.WHAT I DID NOT LIKE:The hotel lobby is very nice with an impressive wall mural but most of the lobby seating is taken up by the lobby lounge restaurant, where we mistakenly tried to sit down on our first day. When the waiter came to take our order we realized it was a restaurant. There are only a couple of sofas for visitors waiting for Hotel guests or guests waiting for their bus or taxi. These were often occupied and we had to stand around while we waited for our bus. A hotel should provide a nice lobby lounge without forcing the guests to buy the extremely expensive hotel food. Also, since we're waiting for a bus on a schedule, there really is no time to order food, and sit around in a restaurant. We breakfasted twice at the French restaurant, Enchante'. We ordered room service for dinner a couple of nights because we were all jetlagged and our son fell asleep. While the food was good, the prices were exorbitant. Coffee was 1100 Yen! But at Enchante we got free refills. TIP:There is a convenience store right next to the Hotel where we bought water, instant coffee, ready to eat waffles, buns etc very cheap that we ate for breakfast on other days or for a snack. There are also very affordable restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Seattle-Impala
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location   showReview(4994103, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just another mediocre hotel   showReview(4933696, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location , excellent service   showReview(4597230, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marybs6
<Content>OK, But Not Great.   showReview(4450287, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>thepeacha
<Content>Great Hotel, Smashing Service   showReview(4384745, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>birmoz
<Content>Superb hotel - close to perfection   showReview(4326175, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bladerunner168
<Content>Great location, Great service   showReview(4104502, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KenInSanJose
<Content>Really nice hotel, in a central location.   showReview(4014466, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel and Service   showReview(2886013, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb location, good price   showReview(2864625, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>namisuki
<Content>渚垮埄銇珛鍦般仺銉撱偢銉嶃偣銉涖儐銉互涓娿伄銉戙儠銈┿兗銉炪兂銈?#x201d;   showReview(21359925, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇岀珛娲?#x201d;   showReview(20210430, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio   showReview(20552298, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jemar38
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(19541799, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assolutamente si!!   showReview(19634726, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situ茅 dans un quartier chic..;   showReview(19634725, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PROBABLEMENTE, UNO DE LOS MEJORES HOTELES EN LOS QUE HEMOS ESTADO   showReview(19634724, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dieses Hotel werde ich in Zukunft wieder w盲hlen   showReview(17441098, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Corremundos
<Content>Buen铆sima ubicaci贸n y buen铆simo hotel   showReview(16271422, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superior Zimmer sehr gut   showReview(15570135, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon h么tel dans un beau quartier   showReview(11308776, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(11308779, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto discreto ma elegante e confortevole   showReview(11308778, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da consigliare   showReview(11445490, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons sans h茅siter   showReview(11445478, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres belle prestation   showReview(11492278, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Willyfog
<Content>ideal para visitar tokyo   showReview(7299828, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s satisfaisant   showReview(11397787, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto bello ed elegante   showReview(11355207, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

