<Author>traveler1239
<Content>little heat in the rooms/had to wear gloves I truly love the location, the staff, the food and the hotel!! I would stay here again but just not in the winter. I have stayed on several occasions and all was fine. It is just the fact that there was next to little heat. The staff helped me by changing the room but the second room was the same. It is my opinion only but I don't think the heating system can keep up with the cold or maybe they have single pane glass. It was 22degrees F. at night. I would stay again in the summer without hesitation but not again in the winter.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>matarsakzendeh
<Content>Great renovated rooms - horrible construction and smell issues The main problem with this hotel during our stay was renovation and construction work constantly going on inside and outside the hotel. The noise was unbearable, especially waking you up early in the morning. The work has been ongoing for a good part of this year. I imagine it won鈥檛 be possible to get this hotel on priceline at a reasonable price once renovations are complete, and it is only because of the current problems that rooms are available for 150 USD. I was shocked to see some Europeans pay almost 400USD/night while we were there. I would have felt very angry if I was paying this much for such a stay, with this level of disruption, noise, and odd smells. My rating is strictly based on what I got for the price I paid and my imagination of how the property would be rated after the renovations are finished.... For the price I paid, and what rooms were going for in Amsterdam at the time, the problems were bearable.Location:This hotel is in a convenient location, where you can easily walk to and from the Central Station. Its also quite a short walk from Dam Square. We could not find the entry, however, due to the many construction areas. Things may have changed by now.Rooms:The smell of paint and chemicals on most of the renovated floors was unbearable for us, and we moved a few times. The smell never really went away 鈥?I don鈥檛 know if it was carpet glue, or paint. It differed in strength depending on the floor or the room. The renovated rooms were tiny, but quite lovely and comfortable. While the linens, pillows and down comforters were heavenly, the mattresses at this hotel are of the extremely 鈥渟oft鈥?feather bed variety 鈥?any kind of weight above 150 pounds and you will dip down rapidly into the bedding. I realize some folks (especially very light people without back problems) will absolutely love this kind of soft bedding, but I prefer a firm mattress. Everything else in the bed was top notch. I found the choices made for carpeting, curtains and duvets very pleasant and modern and I really liked the lighting choices in these rooms and all the small decorative touches. Huge flat screen TV with good channel choices was also a nice plus.Bathrooms:Very nicely renovated, with great amenities, hair dryer, robes and adequate shower pressure. No hot water problems.Lobby:This is a very small unwelcoming lobby. You will not want to spend much time here. During our stay the sewer smell in the lobby was so unbearable, you wanted to run through it. I think other reviewers had noted a similar smell as well.They do supply free water bottles and coffee in the lobby in the morning.Staff: The staff at this hotel were extremely nice and friendly and went out of their way to help, supplying advice, umbrellas, and whatever else was needed. Check in and check out were not as efficient as they should be in such a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	2	

<Author>TravelGuy236
<Content>Avoid Hotel - Under Major Renovations I have just returned from 2 week stay at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. The hotel is in a good location, the rooms are nice, but I would not stay here again. The hotel is under Major Renovations. Workmen start to gather out side rooms btwn 6:15AM - 6:30AM 6 days a week and work went some nights until 9:00PM. Moved rooms but did not matter. They are reconstructing many rooms and the noise/disruptions were constant. I had workmen using a pass key try enter my room on several mornings. I complained but did not receive any response. Thank goodness for the chain on the door. The best the hotel would do was offer ear plugs. If you want to stay in this part of the city stay across the street at the Holiday Inn Crown Plaza and get a good night's rest.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vgchao
<Content>Noise, Noise, Noise Many other recent reviews have discussed the construction that is going on at this hotel. As of May 2008, it starts a 7 AM and goes until 6 PM. It is very loud and annoying - jackhammers, yelling and banging. If you plan to spend ANY time in your room between those hours (like trying to do some work or recover from jetlag), I strongly suggest you find an alternative hotel. It is centrally located, but my driver couldn't even find it because the facade was covered. Renovation in the lobby is complete, but it doesn't make sense. Right now you have to carry your bags up and down several stairs to get to the room elevators. This seems like a serious design flaw. (Maybe they are building other, more convenient elevators that just aren't finished). The rooms are very small and cramped, but thats to be expected in Amsterdam. It meets American standards for a 3-star, but just barely. There isn't a robe in the room and the bathrooms are very basic. I didn't even try breakfast (which was included in my room rate). The restaurant looks like a cafeteria in an old folks home. Maybe once the renovation is complete that will be different.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>CoronaBoy
<Content>Nice Location, Friendly Staff Stayted at this hotel for 3 nights in November. This hotel is located in a very nice area, close to attactions and walking distance from the Central Station.The hotel is very nice, the lobby is very clean and the staff were very friendly.I asked for early check in and got it upon arrival. The room was newly renovated facing the main street. The shower and washroom was very clean and I was very hapy with they stay.There is major construction taking place at this hotel. However, this did not bother me one bit. Yes there is drilling (after 10AM) but you are in Amsterdam and hopefully you will not be sleeping all day.Overall I would recommend this hotel. I am not giving it 5 Stars due to the construction. Otherwise it would have been a 5 for sure.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Junipers
<Content>Building site - not warned in advance On arrival at 6pm I was concerned to see the whole building is covered in scaffolding. I had no prior warning . Apparently the work has been going on for 2 years and wont finish until mid 2009.When I got to my room everything was in order - very clean and terrifically comfortable bed. Howver despite the fact that it was now after 6pm the contractors were still banging away. Fortuanately they stoped bout 10 mins later and I left the hotel for dinner.On returning to my room at 10.20pm although softer I could still hear contractors working and banging away. I called customer service and after hanging on the phone for 2 minutes they came back and told me they had asked security to go and get them to stop and 5 minutes later they had.I feel it was poor that I had to make the request in the first place and I do feel the hotel manageement need to speak to the contractors and ensure they are not disturbing guests after 6pm. As I had to get up early it did not bother me but the banging started again at 7.25am. Thats just not on. I recall staying at this hotel prior to the rennovations and the common parts of the building were a lot nicer.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Lilpixielaura
<Content>Luxury Under Construction My brother and I stayed at the Renaissance for a few nights following a month of touring across Europe. I used my Marriott Rewards points for the room which would have been otherwise out of our price range. I had read the reviews about the construction, but I chose to stay at the hotel anyway due to its central location. The construction was not really an issue on the interior, however the exterior of the hotel was being worked on when we stayed. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. I felt they went out of their way to be helpful to make up for the construction. Location-wise the Renaissance is in a great spot for touring the city. The Centraal Station, Dam Square, harbour and Red Light District are all easily walkable from the hotel. The concierge was very helpful with directions and maps. We even purchased tickets for the Ann Frank House and a canal tour at the desk, which saved us time and let us avoid the lines. The rooms were amazing! Clean, crisp and bright. I have stayed in several hotels across Europe that are considered 3-star and they would not have met the North American standards for 1-star hotels. The Renaissance was by comparison 6-stars at least. It had all the comforts that a Canadian tourist expects from a hotel; fridge, alarm clock, turn-down service, room service. All or most of these things had been missing from the other hotels we'd stayed in during our trip. All in all, I would stay at the Renaissance again should I have the opportunity and the funds.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>marina78_k
<Content>mixed feelings... Stayed in this hotel a year ago when the renovation works just started and had a plesant experience, i was lucky to get a renovated room which was lovely. I came back to the hotel again. They finished renovating the rooms, but everything else is just a mess. The hotel enterance is invisible, there is no lift to go to the room - you have to go upstairs (with your luggage!) to the 1st floor first. The room itself is nice, but i was shocked to find out there is no bath tub in the room - just a shower, nothing similar to the lovely bathroom i had a year ago! There was also no kettle in room and when i asked the housekeeping if i can get one they said they do not provide kettles, but can happily provide me hot water, which was fine with me. The hot water appeared 10 minutes later. With a 6 euro bill for it.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>jonathanjo
<Content>Don't stay here until renoovations are completed I am serious - the rennovation work starts at 6 or 6:30 a.m. If you don't want to wake up that early then avoid this hotel! They helpfully provide ear plugs in every room (!), but these do not keep out the drills and the banging. They will happily change your room if asked, but hey it doesn't matter where you are the noise still gets to you.You'd think they might reduce the room price while this work is happening but no it is still as expensive as it ever was. Do yourself a favour and discover some of the great hotels in Amsterdam like Pulitzer or Ambassade  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>DawsonUK
<Content>Expensive and not to standard I was aware that there was renovation work ongoing at the Hotel, but thought that it only impacted on the reception area.Finding the hotel is not straight forward, very little in the way of signage and scaffoding completely obliterating the frontage of the property. We initially walked straight past it. Check in is through temporary stairs into the reception, which is neither silubrious or inviting, The staff were efficient and pleasant for the check in and we were given a nice, but fairly small room on the 5th floor.The hotel is fairly central for most things in Amsterdam but I definately did not feel that it provided the level of quality compared with the price paid. Especially given the impact on services the refurbishment is having. The negatives for us were:- No Tea or Coffee facilities in the rooms, this is not the norm for Amsterdam Hotels, even much lower star ratings provide this. Very poor quality of breakfast, on the first day it was powdered scrambled eggs, with no sign of a chef to provide any alternative. They did have one there on day two, but the service was at best slow. There is one 4 slice toaster, which is meant to be used by the several hundred guests, given that it is faulty and takes at least six to seven minutes per slice, expect a long wait. The quality of other items on the breakfast buffet was not to my liking, this could just be regional variances, but I would tend to avoid the sausages and breakfast potatoes.Our room was nicely decorated and clean with everything working. The bed was fitted with a Topper, which did nothing to hide the central dip and as a consequence the first night especially was very uncomfortable.Breakfast was about 24 Euros and in room movies 14 Euros or 27 Euros for unlimited 24 hour access. Overall I would say the staff were working in a hard environment and no doubt have to deal with a larger amount of complaints than normal. Noise from builders at 8am during the weekend probably one of the main ones. I would not choose this hotel for future trips to Amsterdam, as I feel that I could receive similar or better quality at a lesser price at the Golden Tulip City Centre, which I have used before.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>worldtraveler81
<Content>Lots of construction The hotel website forewarned us that there was construction ongoing at the property, but we were shocked by the true impact of it. The lobby was non-existant, no place to sit and relax. The check-in and concierge desks were extremely small and lacked any appeal. Gift shop located on the 2nd floor in a regular size guest room, breakfast buffet was ridiculously expensive and the choices were not impressive. The rooms were noisy, we could hear our neighbors conversing through all hours of the night.On the positive side, it was only a 7 minute walk from Amsterdam Central train station and was relatively convenient for the Anne Frank house.We would only stay at this hotel as a last resort. In the future, we will look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>asdf5607
<Content>Great hotel --so close to the train station--under construction I am giving a 5 star because I got a good price thru price line and the service/ room/location was great for the price I paid for.it was about 5 min from the train station, so we just dragged our luggage across few blocks to the hotel.The hotel is under construction m-f (sometimes on sat). the staff said that it might finish around April 09. they offer free bottled water/apple at night and coffee in the morning at the front desk.We got a new room and the decor was very nice, except that the windows are small in its class.we needed to rent bikes, and the hotel recommended the bike store in the train station (with coupon)....after comparing prices, it would be cheaper to book the bikes not far from the hotel ...called yellow bikes or something like that. it was only 11 or 12 euro for 24 hrs!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Londinium69
<Content>Very disappointed in all areas We arrived at the Renaissance expecting a luxury 5 star hotel and found a building site. The overall feel of the hotel was like a dark dingy hospital. Old fashioned furnishings and a smell of damp. The hotel lobby had a rather strong smell of drainage/sewers and was very uncomfortable. The bedroom we had been allocated was different to what we had booked. After getting to the bedroom and realising this, we telephoned reception to inform them. They said they were full that night and would have to stay where we were. There was no apology even though they accepted the mistake was theirs. We couldn't bear to eat in the hotel due to the smell/building works so cannot comment on the food.The service and the accomodation provided was well below the 5 stars we expected and paid for. The staff did nothing to help us or make us feel welcome, more of a nuisance. I would certainly not reccomend to anyone looking for a luxury break.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jfbrown55
<Content>Enjoyable Stay       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>M747
<Content>Great Hotel if you get a new room Stayed here for 1 night for business. Had a new room that was very nice. The hotel's public areas were a zoo (as of May 08) because of construction. Hopefully it will improve when they are finished. The room I had was however very nice  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlasgowNamron
<Content>Comfortable stay in the Renaissance Amsterdam I have just returned from a wonderful trip to Amsterdam. Everyone in the hotel was very friendly and helpful from the front desk to the room maids. This is my second visit to the Renaissance Amsterdam and I am glad to say that all rooms have been modernised since my last visit. They were very tired looking before. The bed was one of the most comfortable I had slept in and I just wanted to take those pillows home!!. Although the rooms are finished the reception area of the hotel is still  under construction This made the entrance to the hotel rather uninviting. I was on the second floor and was woken early every morning with very loud drilling. This did not annoy us too much as we wanted to get up early to explore the city but you certainly could not have a long lie. I was on the second floor so a higher floor would probably have been much quieter. I am sure once the reception is completed it will be very impressive. There was some very small issues with the cleaning of the room i.e wine glasses not cleaned or bins emptied but other than than cleanliness so good.Overall I would say this is good 4 star hotel and I will return once the renovation is complete.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>zeketheportie
<Content>Great location, helpful staff Fabulous location, close to central station and within walking distance to all sights. The most comfortable bed we had in our 6 weeks. Yes, construction is going on but we were up and out every morning anyhow. The water and apples in the lobby were a nice touch. Best part of all was Ben, the VERY helpful concierge, he assisted us in taking care of our 50 Euro parking ticket! If you don't want to pay the ridiculous price of 45 Euros a night parking you can take your car to a free area outside the city or to a park and ride for 6 euros a night.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeepyLoo
<Content>3rd time and still as good. The first time we stayed at this hotel, we booked a standard double room and my husband was not impressed as it was very small, so a quick trip to reception and we found ourselves on the 5th floor with a special key for the elevator and various other little perks like champagne and nibbles for free between 5 and 6 for that floor only for a very small extra charge. Worth every penny. This is the 3rd time we've stayed at this hotel now and would go back again and again. Its a stones throw from the station and its so central to any part of Amsterdam. Hotel staff and exceptionally polite and will help you with anything. Don't be deceived by the extereror as we were at first, due to the number of people looking somewhat suspicious hanging around outside. It is after all Amsterdam. Also, we arrived at night when Amsteram warms up!!.. The interior is gorgeous and I would 100% recommend this hotel. Have always had breakfast in my room so can't comment on the dining area but breakfast is always lovely and part of the reason we keep going back.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brgkamp
<Content>Reasonable room but hotel under re-construction The Hotel itself is well located, just a short walk from the central train station but is undergoing a major re-furb. The room I stayed in was smallsh, although clean and had recently been re-modelled I heard. The outside of the hotel was covered with scaffolding and screens, making the entrance hard to find. Breakfast was the usual buffet, served in a temporary facility on the 1st floor and nothing to write home about, overall for the cost including breakfast of 210 Euros was far too high.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>moonbaby9
<Content>Wonderful "Dutch" Treat! We have just returned from a Bordeaux/Baltic Cruise and stayed for our final 3 days in Europe in the Renaissance Amsterdam. As this was our first time in Amsterdam we did not have other hotels to compare however found this hotel to be excellent. Unfortunately, they were just finalizing the construction at the hotel but other than the inconvenience in the hotel lobby everything else was great. We loved the room, and the club floor lounge which had a fabulous continental breakfast (including cold cuts, yummy dutch cheeses and yoguarts as well as fresh fruits, pastries etc etc.) Also the happy hour each evening was good and one evening we even were treated to a special event in the dome which was magnificent as the appies were lamb chops, oysters, sushi, salmon, risotto....we did not even need dinner that evening. The staff were all so friendly and helpful as well and because this was celebrating my 60th birthday, they even sent up a bottle of champagne which was so thoughtful. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone as in addition to all the aforementioned the location could not have been better.....Walking distance to the central train station, the Dam square, the floating garden, red light district, canal cruises.....etc etc......And yet, the hotel room was quiet and restful with a beautiful bed in which we had the best sleeps.....It could not have been better for us and we will definitely stay here again when in Amsterdam. It was a fabulous conclusion to my big birthday celebration. Well worth the price....And, fyi, thx to trip adviser we chose this hotel as we had initially booked the Pullitzer but after reading all the comments on both hotels, took a chance on this one and we were not sorry. Love this website.....  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>johnTW16
<Content>Lovely Rooms. Will Be Great When Fully Renovated We stayed at the Renaissance Amsterdam on a short break away. The hotel is very centrally located and near Central Station. The hotel is currently being renovated but all the guest rooms appear to be finished. The new rooms are very nice with super comfortable beds. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would stay there again but maybe when the Euro starts to get weaker as even by London standards everything was very expensive. The only thing that wasn't great was the temporary entrance which led onto a dirty smelly alley. I also thought the throngs of hotel staff sitting on the steps in the alley smoking didn't give it a great image. All in All a nice hotel with a good location but not the best in Amsterdam. I am sure once the public areas are finished it will look much classier.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>name_screen
<Content>Acceptable stay at Renaissance Amsterdam Stayed in Renaissance Amsterdam for a long weekend. Rooms are small, but newly updated and clean. Hotel is currently under construction (late May 2008). Ear plugs are provided for construction noise, additionally I found I needed them as the hallways could get loud from time to time as well as the rare but loud street noise. Stayed in a newly redone king non-smoking room. Room included small closet, safe, flat screen TV, mini-bar, full tub/shower, hair dryer, and normal Marriott amenities for soap, shampoo, etc. Hotel is ideally located near Central Station and short walk to sites, shopping, restaurants. Did not eat at hotel so have no opinion of restaurants. Be prepared for awkward construction entrance, lobby needs work, and the occaisional pounding or hammering can be heard. Hotel was out of power for one hour (well posted and warned in advance) Sunday afteroon due to construction. Internet is 20EUR per day.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dotcom
<Content>Beware - Lots of Building Work! Got a great rate through name your own price on Priceline, however the room was tiny (even for an Amsterdam hotel!) and there is extensive refurb work being carried out which does affect your stay due to noise, dust and the moved hard to find entrance.At the moment there are lots of cheaper better places to stay although after the refurb sure the hotel will be back to it's former glory...  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>ATLtraveler
<Content>Beautiful Rooms in the heart of Amsterdam This newly renovated hotel ( renovation still ongoing) was more than I could ask for. It is no more than a 10 minute walk to central station, but unfortunately not the easiest to find. Due to the renovation process the entrance is now in an alley (can't remember the name, but if you head south on Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal or Singel you can't possibly get lost.The rooms were not cramped as a previous reviewer indicated bit quite roomy compared to european standards. The beds were to die for; comparable to the beds at the Ritz Carlton and the best nights sleep I had in days. The pictures on their web site and the most recent added by reviewers are pretty much exactly what the rooms look like.The staff were more than helpful but the restaurant was quite expensive; 24 euros for breakfast is definately not my cup of tea. You'll be better served going to the restaurant The Corner where breakfast is only 6 euros. A reviewer listed the address on this site, but I was able to find it on the corner of Nieuwendijk and Nieuwendijk Voorburgwal.Overall, a very good hotel as everthing was within walking distance including the tram service. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Voyageur510
<Content>Ugly Duckling No More! This hotel is undergoing a major renovation at present. We stayed here two years ago and I found it rather dated and in need of a facelift. Well, the facelift is nearly complete and it looks good! The lobby and entrance have yet to be completed, but several (if not most) of the rooms have been completed. Our room was fabulous. The room has two double beds, two chairs and a table, ample drawer space, a HUGE TV and a nightstand. By European standards, it is very spacious. We stayed with bonus points, but the rooms probably run about 200E per night. So, it would definitely not be the cheapest accommodation. But, I digress. The room was spotless. Some people say that as you鈥檙e out and about while on vacation, you really shouldn鈥檛 care much about the room as you鈥檒l spend little time in it. This is not my viewpoint. I like a nice, clean comfortable room to return to and our room did not disappoint. The bathroom is equally spotless and well-appointed. I really have nothing negative to say about our 3-night stay at the Renaissance. This will definitely be our choice on future trips. The location is great, the staff courteous and helpful and the atmosphere pleasant. We were in town for Queen鈥檚 Day and staying in such a nice room made our stay in Amsterdam even better.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TA_MikeW
<Content>Perfect Location for Train Travel and Local Sightseeing Although this is a great hotel all around, its very best feature is its location. It's about a five minute walk from Amsterdam Centraal Station, which is very convenient for making day trips out of Amsterdam by train. Also, coming in by train from the airport, it was really easy to just walk to the hotel from the station even with our luggage. The walking directions on the hotel's website are very accurate. Additionally, it's located right among numerous shops and restaurants and about a block over from the tram lines.The hotel is currently under construction, but renovations are already complete on most rooms. We stayed in one of the renovated rooms and it was really nice to have all new amenities. The beds are very comfortable and come topped with about eight pillows. The shower was nice and hot and the bathroom was stocked with a nice selection of toiletries. There was a flat screen TV with a variety of features, including internet access for 10 euros per day. There were several standard European electrical outlets throughout the room.Breakfast was awesome, although not included in the room rate and pretty expensive at 25 euros. The buffet included tons of quality selections, including freshly made omelets.The staff was very friendly and helpful, and they are perfectly accommodating to English speakers. They even lent us an umbrella one morning when it was raining.This is a business-oriented hotel so its normal rates are pretty expensive and you're not likely to meet up with a lot of other casual tourists. We were lucky to find a really good package deal when we booked our airplane tickets. The price would be the only factor that might keep us from staying here again on a return trip. Otherwise, we loved everything about it.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PattiMerritt
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more! I reserved the Renaissance through Priceline and was a bit concerned when I'd read the TripAdvisor reviews; however, my first step out of the cab made me wonder what hotel the negative reviewers were staying at! It obviously wasn't the Renaissance I was at -- I couldn't have asked for more -- and I usually ask for a LOT!!! Because the hotel was still under renovation, we were met at the rear of the hotel by a bellman who was more than happy to assist us with our numerous bags and guide us to reception. The current entrance does cause one to wonder, but one step through the door and my worries were gone. We couldn't have asked for a speedier, friendlier, or earlier check-in! We were greeted with biscuits (cookies), green apples, and ice water... a weird combination, I agree but very nice in the long run.The room was a pleasant surprise -- very large by European standards! A very modern bathroom (though the lighting above the mirror did cast odd shadows) with standard Renaissance shampoo, conditioner, etc. One thing I truly enjoyed was the instantly warm/hot shower!We initially had trouble programming the television, but a call to the front desk had an engineer in our room in less than 10 minutes and the problem was resolved!The bed is, undoubtedly, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! I have back/neck problems and am seldom (if ever)comfortable in a hotel bed -- If I could have figured out a way to pack it and get it on the plane, I would have taken it home with me!In the morning, we were again greeted in the lobby with complimentary coffee, hot tea, ice water, and the now highly-anticipated ice-cold green apples! They proved to be a great snack while waiting for our flight home.I like to travel comfortably -- the Renaissance Amsterdam far exceeded any expectations I may have had and left me snickering at my concerns over negative comments read on this board. I couldn't have asked for anything more!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TopDMC
<Content>So many better hotels in Amsterdam What can I say, the hotel is undoubtedly in a great location - close to the station, close to the light district, close to the centre - BUT the service is appalling and the staff tend to tell the occasional untruth!Don't waste you money, there are so many better hotels in the area and I am sure the service and staff cannot be so poor in all of them  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dantravellerman
<Content>Service, what service ? We arrived at the Renaissance on Friday still expecting work and renovations to be taking place and they were......The hotel was certainly not 5 star, walking around the corridors was like being in a college or hospital, the overall feel was not one I would feel relaxed in and certainly not up to European 5 star hotels.Our purpose however was to use the hotel as a base for the city, we did not use the restaurant facilities so cannot comment on those.The hotel lobby had a rather pungent, sewer smell to it on occasions, again not the sort of thing you would expect from a 5 star hotel.This leads me on to Expedia, whom we booked through and booked on the phone with one of their agents at a call centre. We expressly asked for twin beds and were told the booking would be done on that basis.On arrival at the hotel we were told it was a double bed only room and no other rooms were available. At 4pm in the afternoon we asked for a put-up bed to be installed in the room, reception said that would be done after chasing them many times.We checked again later in the evening and on returning this was not done and we were told no more put-up beds were available.We managed to change room to a twin on the following day.So in summary, this sort of hotel is not and should not be 5 star, I also would not rate their service based on our experience. For the same money you could get a better deal in the City without doubt.In addition to that, I would not book any hotel accommodation with Expedia ever again after being told one thing, then on arrival being given another.The hotel did little to help us, so would never return to that chain again.Hope this helps...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Cashew07
<Content>Pretty Nice! The Renaissance in Amsterdam was very nice despite the constuction that is going on. We did not have the opportunity to sleep in there so it was no problem for us. The room we were in was newly remodeled and tastefully decorated. It was small, but just fine for the two of us. The staff were very nice and accommodating and the location was great. The hotel is on a side street off the beaten path so it is fairly quiet, but still steps away from the action! We paid about $250 a night....not sure it is worth the $550 a night they are advertising now. But good overall.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PedroTheTripper
<Content>Good brand  Wide screen TV, luxury bed, small bath - good shower, nice extra touches throughout but no extras like slippers. Staff were very friendly so all in all the actual hotel 'brand' was very good.Unfortunately this building was undergoing some major renovation, but it was quiet work wise at the weekend whilst we stayed. Unfortunately the room we were given had an adjoining door to the next room, and we had some particularly loud Americans staying next door who were boisterous till about 3am. Every time they opened their bathroom or front door, the adjoining door would rattle as if someone was coming into our room! The heating didn't work. The hotel did offer to send up a heater but we opted for an extra duvet.Finally, why is it that if you pay more for extra luxury of a 5-star, you have to forsake the convenience of a kettle, or fridge space for your own drinks? The fridge was one of those weight-triggered auto-billing things with no extra space.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Swindoneric
<Content>Cramped room, noisy building site Stayed in the Renaissance earlier this week. The entrance has been moved to a back-alley while the renovations are in place. The check-in took about 20 minutes (only one person working and person ahead of me was making/changing multiple reservations).The hotel is one big construction site, and I had a refurbished room which was pretty small and dominated by a huge tv which if anything made it seem even smaller.The new bed was probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in though and the people are as friendly as ever. I don't think that the construction work was flagged to my travel agent when the reservation was made and while most hotels stay open when renovations are under way, the work going on here is major in every sense.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>nickymLondon
<Content>Good location but not a five star As previous reviewers have said, great location. This is the best thing about the hotel at the present time. I have no doubt when the building work is finished in May, it will be a very good hotel. Until that time I would probably try and avoid it.We stayed in a refurbished room which was nice but very small. No tea or coffee making facilties either which is strange for a five star hotel. Also took 3 times to get some ice when we asked reception which was annoying. Overall a good hotel but banging and crashing DO make a difference to your stay. Amsterdam is a lovely city though so enjoy it.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>leasamarie
<Content>Wish I had known about the construction before booking. I stayed at this hotel during the same timeframe as the last reviewer and I second all the comments listed. We asked for a discount due to the jack hammering and makeshift entryway and were told that we already got a discount for booking online, which I don't really see as being relevant. Thankfully, there are so many things to see and do in the area that we did not spend much time at the hotel. When you run out of tourist attractions, pick any alley to stroll down and you're sure to find something interesting. Also, the concierge was a great resource for directions and resteraunt recommendations. Just don't expect the lovely hotel pictured in the Renaissance's photos until after the construction is done.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>cdav25
<Content>Great Location - Under renovation       Temporary hotel entrance  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Jazmincleo
<Content>Good but could be a teeny bit better Booked a 4 day cruise trip with DFDS Seaways which included 2 days at the hotel.Absolutely NO warning of it being Work In Progress which may have altered our choice of hotel but that's the fault of DFDS.Arrived and they had no listing of our reservations, showed them our documents and they booked us in to a club room with free breakfast to compensate for the problems when checking in. Stayed in room 605 which was almost double the size of their regular rooms, spacious and airy, no complaints there.Staff were kurt when I complained about one of the room keys not working and was met with reply of Sir, we need ID before we can reconfigure key cards. My reply was, Ok then, follow me to the room because it's all in the safe. They changed it immediately without further questions.Room was noisy on a morning but yes they are doing building work. You can't use the mini bar to chill your coke or lemonade as the drinks are sensored so they can charge you for anything that is moved.The hotel was nice enough but maybe not 5 star. They upgraded us to club class for the mix up earlier in the day but would not allow us in the Club Class lounge because we were peasants that didn't pay the 70 euro upgrade.Tip for travellers. On the main paved street there are 2 or 3 excellent internet cafe's. 2 euros for an hour surfing and you can disconnect at any time and use you're credit another day. Compare that to the 19.95 euros a day they expect at the hotel. In 2.5 days I spent 4 euro's browsing for restaurants, attractions and keeping in touch with home. They are less than 20 yards from the hotel.Pet Peeve - Battery Chicken Eggs. The eggs in the breakfast restaurant are battery eggs. Free Range in 5 star please. Poor chickens don't need to suffer to bolster profit at 24.99 euros per breakfast  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	5	1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>AmsterdamerUk
<Content>a building site  Jan 2008 - Its a building site and will be for much of the year. But you pay full wack non the less. The bar and restaurant have been moved so that you get to walk outside in the rain or cold to get to them.You don't need an alarm call. the builders will wake you around 7.30 and keep you awake. Complaining changes nothing other than getting you angry. The comments make it clear it is your issue, not theirsI suggest you try the Radisson. The Renaissance may offer the Mariott but that is on a busy road and miles awayWatch out if you have a package rate that includes Internet or discounts. These did not appear automatically on my bill and its not the first time that has happened here. When I did point this out, there was no apology or surprise. My impression was that they knew exactly what they were doing. Very unpleasant experience  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	5	1	1	2	

<Author>Lara&Paul
<Content>Good hotel We recently stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights. As other reviewers have stated it is about a 3/4 minute walk to Centraal station however you approach the hotel from the side so look out for the little renaissance sign on the side (just past the 'Resin' Coffeeshop). It takes about 20 mins to get to Centraal station from Schipol airport and costs 3.40 euros. The hotel check in is very efficient and the staff are very pleasant. The rooms have been recently refurbished so the room and the bathroom were spotless if a little on the compact size. The bed is incredibly comfortable and there is a large flatscreen TV. My husband and I had the unfortunate experience of our bags not arriving at Schipol airport and the Concierge at the hotel took control of this by chasing the bags up for us (although they never made it to the hotel thanks to easyjet/stansted airport!). Despite not receiving our luggage we had a good time - the hotel is central to most of the sites/places to go: 8 mins to red light district, 8 mins to Anne Franks house/ 6 mins to Dam Square. Be prepared to pay over the odds for drinks in Dam Square. No surprise there but it was about 拢25 for two beers and two vodkas. Give the pancake bakery a try as it does amazing pancakes and is very popular (about 3 mins from Anne Frank's house on the same road). Rose's cantina is recommended in most of the guidebooks. We tried it out and while the ambience is good, the mexican food is average. A word of warning - you will get charged a 'city' tax when you check out of the hotel - this is imposed on all tourists and covers 'keeping the streets clean'. It is about 6.50 euros per night and will be shown on your bill when you leave. Overall, we would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tartullian
<Content>Clean, central, good breakfast As most other reviews say the hotel is indeed excellent and well kept. Great location and good standard of service.-Rooms are clean and beds are excellent.-Staff is helpful though the concierge could be better-Breakfast is good, typical Marriott menu-Very neat package deals room + breakfast + tourist tickets + dinner cruise for a very reasonable up charge.-Parking is expensive my invoice for parking was over 200 Euros... but in their defense it is Amsterdam, and parking is insanely expensive here no matter where you decide to park.-Hotel restaurant (Koeppel Cafe) is a bit pricey as well. -Very often Booked solidI stay there just about every six weeks for the weekend on business. I like the hotel and unless you are a budget minded traveler or someone traveling by car this is a great Amsterdam hotel.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LazyDave
<Content>Exactly as required A girlfriend and I booked two rooms for the weekend. To be brief, we were looking for a quality hotel with decent service in a good location.Location- A1 ( you can walk anywhere). Never bother with a car in Amsterdam.Quality- Very good, though perhaps a little lacking in character.Service- no complaints whatsover, though remeber to activate your privacy switch to avoid an early awakening.Amsterdam airport has a railway station underneath which connects quickly with the city. This hotel is within a short stroll of Amsterdam station, the shopping centre and many of the attractions.The all day, hop on, hop off, canal ticket, near the hotel is good value.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelfromWisconsin
<Content>Loved this hotel! Beautiful hotel in Amsterdam. Comfortable bed! Walking distance to many attractions. Friendly staff. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RedSavage
<Content>Nice hotel, convenient location We were looking to stay in a smaller hotel, but couldn't get a room for only 2 nights. The Renaissance had rooms available at a special weekend rate and the location looked convenient to the train station. When we arrived at the station, it was a short walk to the hotel through some slightly sketchy looking streets. The hotel itself is in a nice, charming, quiet square. The lobby is very nice and check in went very smoothly. We were able to get into our room even though it was before the official check in time. The room was very nice; presumably had already been renovated. As a Gold Marriott rewards member, I had access to the Club Lounge. Breakfast was very good and they had a very nice happy hour with free drinks and very nice food. The staff in the lounge were friendly and helpful.On the whole, it was a great stay. Service and facilities were all I expected.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cibogirl
<Content>pretty average for the price We were looking for accommodation in Amsterdam for a weekend and there didn't seem to be much available. The location was good as it was only a few blocks from the main train station. The lobby looked lovely and staff were very helpful, but once we reached our room, we were a little disappointed. It appeared that the hotel is undergoing renovations and our room obviously had not benefited from that yet. Furnishings were tired looking and the bathroom needs a makeover. All of this would have been acceptable, but this hotel was significantly more expensive than where we stayed in the rest of Europe, including France, Germany and italy.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>houl
<Content>Great property , a must stay Just back after a 3 night stay at the renaissance.I have given it 5 stars on the basis the staff were the best I have some across , and I have stayed in over 60 hotels/Pleasent , smiling , genuine , witty. they really did go out of their way give the impression you were nearly a guest in there home, top marks. Room service not over priced and quick, rooms new and spotless and house keeping very effient and professional. as other reviews have mentioned perfect location, any one who says that it is not must be bone lazy, the red light is 7 min walk , the museums we walked in 20 miunutes , amsterdam is not a big city. all in all we had an amazing time, one big tip from the concierge is for dinner check out the  supper club one of the best nights i have had , a surpride 5 course dinner, your table is actualy a bed., yevery ones in party moody , your hostess sonny is hilarious and you have excellent Djs playing all night with tropical dancers and girls walking round doing your nails in bath sheets and sling backs! total kitsch, totaly cool the hot place to hang in AMSTERDAM. Dont foregt black is the dress code!! and bling bling all the way. Enjoy we had a ball!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TallCool1
<Content>A Great Room This hotel worked out great for us. Is is an easy walk from the train station, and in a good location for doing tourist stuff. The best thing was the bed. It has a feather pad on the bottom that we liked so much we bought one when we got home. We nick-named their bed Cloud 9. Our room was recently remodeled, and the decorating was very cool, very Amsterdamish. Iwould stay here again, if the price was right.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bbigdaddy
<Content>Great stay I left the North Sea Jazz festival in Rotterdam (3 days) and was very pleased with this hotel. The front desk was great! The room was great. they upgraded me because of Marriott Club member and my room was not ready. I have not read any review of the Breakfast Buffet. It is a must. Made to oder eggs, fruit, pastries, hot foods, cold foods and great coffee. The hotel is close to the tram, close to good resturants and a short walk to Central station. I will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Scotslads
<Content>Excellent hotel       Our room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crossVancouver_BC
<Content>wonderful hotel This hotel has a prime location within an easy walk from the central station. The rooms are pleasant and well appointed. The hotel is very clean. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The breakfast buffet is fabulous. This was my second stay at the property and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>racinrags
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed on the Club Level floor. The room was plenty big. The linens were fluffy, The Conseriage room was fabulous. The staff was professional and extremely helpful. They gave us directions, our room was ready at 8:00 a.m., and when our car that we reserved for the airport didn't show @ the proper hour, the hotel staff went out of there way to help us and we got to the airport in plenty of time. I would stay there on any future trips to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>advum
<Content>Aweful Decent location minutes from the railway station.Amsterdam is small and you can get about without a car.The hotel is swamped by groups/conference delegates/airline pilots who seemed to be more important than us.We were made to wait 3hrs as the room was not ready before we checked in @ 1730 and then given a room above the staff exitto compound our misery as the door kept banging throughout the night.Complaints were pointless as the hotel was full.I would definitely not recommend this place unless you have money to waste.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>ted1690
<Content>Excellent Hotel I stayed at this hotel for my Birthday, along with my wife and 4 friends. The Hotel has a perfect location, being 5 minutes walk from Central Station and the boat trips, and if you would like to see the Red Light District, that is on the opposite side of Damrak, again only a short walk. The rooms are spacious, clean and have everything you need to make your stay enjoyable, eg... hairdryer, iron/board, mini-bar, sat tv, gowns and slippers.The staff are very friendlyVisit the old bars down the narrow streets for excellent beer and food, all at better value for money, it is like any big city, people are out to make money from tourists.If i had to whinge about something, it would have to be the whingeing Americans to which this Hotel is accustomed to.Read the reports on this site and all the negatives come from over the pond, dont let these put you off, as you should know everything is bigger and better in the USA.Enjoy  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KPeirce
<Content>Definately not worth 5 star rating Just got back from Amsterdam  stayed at this hotel. Room definately not worth 300 euros per night, exceptionally poor value for money. Room was nothing special despite being upgraded to one of the newly refurbished rooms. Hotel supposed to be a 5 star but in reality should only be a 3 / 4 star. No pool which is a 5 star must. Hallways are ugly brick and dimly lit. GOOD news room was very clean and good location but BAD news all the hidden charges e.g. when we arrived to get in not only did we have to pay up front but was also asked for 50 euros per night deposit.Would definately not recommend this hotel. Staff very rude expected tips for even the simplist of requests.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>jtriefen
<Content>Great stay It was our first trip to mainland europe we loved this hotel. Great location, friend staff, lots of comfort, and very clean. I recommend this to any one traveling to Amsterdam!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rebbew
<Content>Good location, mediocre everything else This hotel is nothing spectacular....even by overpriced European hotel standards. The room was small and few of the rooms, if any, have a view of anything. My room was also ridiculously far from the elevator and the only route was a series of winding hallways, which made you think twice about leaving the room. I was happy to get 2 free Heineken's as a gift for Platinum members. However, during my stay I drank the other Heineken's in the mini-bar and they were not replaced throughout the remaining 3 nights of my stay. Additionally, there is only one entrance/exit from the hotel. At night, they lock the front door. Instead of a key swipe system, you must buzz the front desk and wait for them to buzz you in.....they were not particularly quick with the buzzer. Overall, the location was good but the other parts of the hotel were average to below average.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>skyewalker16
<Content>Excellent Weekend Break Stayed at this hotel for a weekend break. Personally thought the hotel was sited in an excellent location. Good bars and retaurants loated all around. Try Haarlemmerstraat for eating and drinking excellent quality. Hotel 5 mins from station. No complaints with room or service although we did not eat at the hotel thus would be unfair to give it 5/5. Taxi from airport 40 EU on a Friday evening so perhaps expect a little more with traffic. Approx 10 min walk to Dam Square where things liven up a little. Wouldn't say hotel was near Red Light District as some have said. RLD fun to people watch in the day but there's more to Amsterdam than the RLD. Best fun of the weekend - Hiring bikes for the day at 10EU/person. What a great way to see the city. Just watch out for the trams!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>bjorkman
<Content>4*...are you kidding me???? Just got back from a weekend in Amsterdam and stayed at this hotel and am absolutely amazed at how bad a hotel that claims to be this good can actually be...Our room overlooked a parking garage - the ceilings were less than 7'-0 high in the corridors - the dutch are tall people... has the marriott chain figured that out yet? the rooms themselves were nothing to write home about - very average and very ordinary with absolutely no character....borderline shabby actually. I understand they are undergoing a renovation.. the rates should be lower - under any circumstances.Booked the hotel at 200 euro a night for a double room with no extras- that too on lastminute.com - the rack rates are significantly higher - 390 euro - and am amazed that they can ask for so much for providing so little. Upon checking out they upped our rate and asked us to pay a 10 euro additional fee (apart from the taxes which were another 10 euro which we were happy to pay)... now 10 euro is not a big amount but saying that the agency hadnt deducted the right amount from my card was a little lame and frankly, in bad taste. We refused to pay and they didn't press it but it just left a bad taste in the mouth.Amsterdam is a wonderful city - the people are absolutely great- the only selling point for this hotel is its location - right within walking distance to Centraal Station so getting to and from the airport is easy. Having said that there are tons of hotels in the area so that is hardly a USP....in a nutshell - stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>SailingTheWorld
<Content>Poor quality for business travelers I stayed at this property for several weeks on a recent business trip. As mentioned in some of the previous reviews the hotel is going through renovation. Some of the rooms are already done. Even though the design is modern and friendly the size of some of the room make you feel like being in a cage. The Renaissance started renting out these rooms despite the fact that they are not fully functional. I am 6'4 (1.93) tall and my head hit the ceiling in the shower.The minibar wasn't in yet and additional lights were missing in the bathroom around the mirror. The closet is that small that you can't hang up too many suits and shirts. As they placed the safes in a way that your shirts can hang fully down it gives you the impression of being in a hostel. The biggest turn-off was the smell in the room I had. Initially I thought that maybe the new furnitures were the cause for it, but actually I was told by the front desk that the new carpet would be the cause for it and that it would be a well known issue. For business people it is key that they gym opens early in the morning - well, as the gym in the hotel is operated buy a third-party it does not open before 8:30 AM. Despite the fact that the hotel is located in a good area it simply has to do improve a lot to satisfy International business people needs. Other properties like nh-hotels or the Pulitzer certainly understand the business better.Last but not least the overall quality of the frontdesk, FB and concierge staff is very good.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel4Lving
<Content>Getting a much needed update I stayed for four nights in early June. The hotel is in a great location, you can easily walk from Central station...just look for the dome as you exit the station on the right. The hotel common areas are fine, but the rooms and hallways scream 1982. Thankfully (mercifully?) Marriott has started gutting each floor and the work (according to the front desk) will last the rest of this year. The staff was great, there is good free coffee in the lobby and being able to walk anywhere in Amsterdam (or bike) within 20 minutes makes this hotel a bargain. I hope to return after the renovation, and feel it will be a MUCH improved property.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isaacmeirn
<Content>Avoid the Renaissance Central location, nice lobby, helpful staff (except for concierge who seemed to expect a tip for saying good morning). Room not worth the price. At almost $300 a night one would expect not to be woken up at 6AM by construction noise. Room had a view of a trash chute and little else. No drawers for clothes! No safe in room. $30 minimum/day for internet access. Breakfast for the cost of a fine dinner in most restaurants. Hotel seems to cater to business types on expense accounts who need a place to sleep for a night or two in central Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Digicision
<Content>5 star service, 3 star accommodations       Room  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>worldClassTraveler7
<Content>Overpriced hotel The hotel is very central and 5 min walk from the central station. It's pretty close to the red light district so it isn't the best area unless you want to be there. The beds were very uncomfortable the worst if slept on for a hotel of that class/price. The air condition was not working at all in the room. The superior room with a queen bed barely had enough room for the desk and the bed. The rooms are quiet old, but they are under going a remodeling so there is some construction. The staff was very courteous and helpful. In general there aren't enough class A hotel rooms in Amsterdam so with all the visitors coming to town, hotels like this can get away with the high price and deliver much less.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blackszabbi
<Content>typical 4-star int' hotel We stayed 3 nights with my wife for EUR 155 per room excluding breakfast which is below the list price of ca. EUR 250. The hotel worth a 4 star grading, nothing, special typical international hotel. The pro side is nice breakfast, 4-star services in general, good location (3-min walk from Central Station, 10-min from main square) the con is the relatively small size room and a bit uncomfortable bed. Maybe 1 more downside: concierge was available 1 time out of 4 as we wanted to have concertmuseum tickets.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>angelee
<Content>Perfect for us Not much to say... the hotel was perfect! I stayed last year with my boyfriendThe room was perfect with mini bar, big comfy bed, dressing gowns, slippers... they put you name on the tv... the bathroom floor was heated. They have a one touch room service which was efficent and the food was excellent.The location is also perfect its right on the corner of Dam Square so only a few mins walk from the red light district, shopping area etc. we also went on the ben and jerry ice cream and dominos pizza cruise and to a comedy show and resturant which i would definetly recommend!There are some really good clothes shops and i would recommend the green house effect cafe, the Weed museum is also worth seeing, we also went to the sex museum which was good...again i got lots of advice and photos been about 5 times now (different hotels)...  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindy1991
<Content>Partl good and partly not This hotel is a mix of some very nice features and some not so-nice. Nice features include convenient location, always available free coffee, tea and large, comfortable public meeting areas. Also weekly cocktail party for guests offers first-rate hors d'oeuvres and chance to chat with certain staff and other guests if desired. Not so nice aspects: a/c broken in room and dining area (Patio Room;) remodeling is noisy and updating badly needed; noise transmitted between rooms.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>cha630
<Content>just okay Hotel is conveniently located, but definitely run down. Heavy rennovation of the hotel isn't pretty right now, but I think it will make a huge difference...wasn't bothered by the noise but I heard several other guests discussing it - if possible, wait to stay here until they're done with the work (Crowne Plaza is right across the street and looks just as nice). I asked for a non smoking room, which ended up being in the non smoking wing and it was a hike from the lobby. Especially bothersome when the elevator in the non smoking wing was not working. Other than all that - great location, nice chocolates at reception and very friendly people. Look forward to returning once they pretty up the rooms and hallways.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smokemon
<Content>Excellent hotel! We stayed at this hotel twice and will stay here again during our next trip to Amsterdam. Everything about this hotel is excellent, the rooms, staff and location are perfect. It's just a short ten minute walk from the Train Station, but have that street map handy as one wrong turn will land you in a maze of walkways which could be frustrating if you're not familiar with the city. Look for the big dome on the right when you exit the station, that's where the hotel is.To save time, you can get your Museum tickets from the concierge who was very attentive, patient and helpful. When considering day trips to other cities, he offered fine suggestions and helped with the train schedules and had maps on hand.Both times we stayed here, our rooms were large, spotless, and extremely quiet. The beds are top of the line, no problem falling into a blissful sleep. The decor was pleasant and I enjoyed the brick corridors. We always run the risk of finding a great hotel with bad service, or a bad hotel with great service. Staying here, we received the best of everything. If you're going to splurge, you will get what you pay for at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caseyk1984
<Content>fab location, fab beds and fab staff! We stayed at the Renaissance for two nights on the 23rd and 24th of Febuary and loved this hotel!I had never been to Amsterdam before but my boyfriend had, and we and our friends decided to book here as the price was quite good.The hotel is only a few mins walk from Central, and very easy to find. We got to the hotel about 5 hours early but the staff kindly let us check in anyway.Our friends suitcase was still in liverpool airport when we got to amsterdam, but the staff in the Renaissance couldnt do enough for us and even got the suitcase back the same night! FIRST CLASS SERVICE!The bed we had was supposed to be a king size but was huge..and very very comfy! The room was very clean too. Overall a great hotel for the money and we are going to stay here on our next vist to the Dam!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>huntermvs
<Content>Great stay My husband and I really loved our visit to this hotel and the city. The hotel was in excellent condition. We asked for a non smoking room and were very pleased to not smell any smoke on the entire 4th floor and our room and the service was immaculate. Every one of the staff went out of the way to greet us and help us--every day! There was always coffee available in the lounge and small chocolates at the desk. The infomation desk always had someone there who could give you advice about anything and promptly. The hotel was a short (5 minute) walk from the train station and close to all the main attractions. We are in our upper 50's and had no problem walking to all the local sites.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gemmauk
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed here twice.First in April 2006. We booked the hotel the night before we went on last minute.com and got the room for around 拢250 for two nights. When we got there we were really pleased. Room was very plush and modern, and the bed was HUGE! It was the size of two king beds together! The bathroom was really big too.Based on this, i booked here again through Lastminute.com, with a flight package. It cost 拢365 for 2 nights, and the two flights with KLM.This time i was a bit dissapointed, but this is prob because our room was so good last time i had high expectations. We stayed in room 314.There was just a double bed in the room (which we found strange as we are used to a king size bed). The room was a lot smaller, but the bathroom was ok.The maid service was excellent. Both nights we returned to our room at 5 to get ready to go out and had a bottle of wine. We went out about 7, and when we got back they had closed our curtains, turned down the beds, cleared away the glasses and bottle etc and left more chocolates on the pillow - fab snack when you get back from a night out!!!!Although, on the day we were due to check out (sunday), they did wake us up a 8 knocking to come in to clean the room as i had forgotten to put the do not disturb sign on!The staff were very friendly although we only encountered them in check in/out.Overall i would definately stay here again. Hotel is one of the best in Amsterdam, but i would definately not pay any more than i did. The Jolly Carlton is just as nice, and cheaper.......  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petrol1967
<Content>Excellent Hotel experience Arrived at Central Station after catching the train from the Airport and kept right as we walked out of the Hotel. We crossed the road to be standing at the bottom of Nieuwezijds Voorbergwaal road. About 100 metres up on the left you will see the Hotel. Arrived at reception and the young girl was welcoming and informed us that our room was not quite ready, but she took my mobile number and said she would call when it was, so we could go for a wonder around the city. Once we were booked in our baggage was taken and stored until we were able to get into our room. About an hour later we returned to the Hotel and were shown directly to our room which as clean and well maintained with a good selection of toiletries. Bed was very comfy and had trouble getting off of it in the morning. Hotel bedroom was quiet and cleaned twice every day (in the morning and a turndown service in the evening) During our stay the staff were very friendly and professional and I would recommend this Hotel to someone who likes to be close to everything, but not quite in the middle.Within a 1 minute walk from the Hotel are a selection of bars and resturants and many places to have breakfast. Also a number of coffee shops are easily accessable if thats your thing. The Red Light District is a short 7 minute stroll away from the Hotel across the Damrak.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Barry,London
<Content>Excellent Staff Stayed for three nights and the staff were outstanding - nothing was too much of a problem. Hotel room was facing the inside of the hotel so nice and quiet, room was large with a king size bed. Ate in the hotel one night and the food was of a high standard and not too expensive. Another night we used a steak restaurant (rio grande) just up the road and this was also good. Hotel in ideal situation close to Central station and within walking distance of a number of the tourist attractions.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>raavani
<Content>enjoyable stay Stayed at this hotel last weekend of Feb 2007. Very satisfied with the experience. The hotel is at a good location about 5 - 7 minutes walk from the central station. The shopping street is just next to the hotel. Plenty of eating places around and you can also catch the tram to the rembrandt square for more options. It takes only about 10 minutes. The hotel room itslef was nice and clean and there is a free coffee and tea vending machine available 24 hours in the lobby. The lobby is also very nice, but there is no wireless access at least not for a handheld device.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>Szymon-Luxembourg
<Content>"Over-promissed / under-delivered" Planned a romantic weekend with my wife in Amsterdam in Feb 2007.I booked an exec. king room at Renaissance Amsterdam - got a fair price of under EUR 200 for the room, breakfast, free minibar, etc...The room was old, was facing inner-court, so you could actually spy on other people who had rooms on the other side of the court. Old and uncomfortable bed, ageing bathroom, well.... not of Renaissance or Mariott standard you would expect.Breakfast included in the price was served in the business launge - and was probably the weakest point of the entire stay - extremly limited choice and no taste.I would not recommed this hotel to anyone, unless you can get a room at under EUR 100 (this is what it is really worth)  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Sez2802
<Content>Loved it! Excellent hotel, good rate from Marriott.com. Very good location! Much better than other hotels close by.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liat
<Content>Very nice, central hotel Stayed for a long weekend. Very handy for the station - about 5 minutes walk. Reception staff are very friendly and helpful. We were given a complimentary upgrade to the club floor which included complimentary tea  coffee in the club lounge throughout the day, free mini bar in the room (wine  beer, no spirits) and drinks and nibbles in the club lounge from 5.30 until 9.00 each evening. Hotel room was very comfortable and spacious. Ate in the hotel restaurant one evening,which was nothing special, although again the staff were very friendly. We would certainly stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Bintang
<Content>Great location Booked the hotel via the Marriott website which was easy to use. Excellent location, very near to the central station - we walked to the hotel from the station in only a couple of minutes.Reception staff were friendly but not the friendliest we've encountered but no complaints.It was our wedding anniversary and without us asking we received a free upgrade to a deluxe room which was spacious, very clean and had everything required of a 4 star hotel. We also received a welcome / congratulation bottle of wine upon arrival! A very nice touch.The hotel is very near the main attractions and only a short walk to Dam square and the red light disctrict. It's also near some very good restaurants including Gouchos just across the road which we used and would recommend.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel (which was quite pricey) but ate using a local delicatesen just around the corner which was lovely.Canal boat trips are next to the builing - ok but a bit boring.Would recommend this hotel and if we revisit Amsterdam we would stay here again. Typical 4 star hotel - very nice.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaryHLondon
<Content>A great hotel, in a perfect location My wife and I are a regular visitors to Amsterdam and have stayed at numerous hotels throughout the city and for us the Rennaissance offers the best in location, comfort, service and value.OK it is a bit outdated in it's design and it doesn't offer the uniqueness of the hotels located in the Amsterdam canal houses but it does offer large rooms with extremely comfortable beds (served by lifts and not near vertical stairs), excellent service throughout the hotel from the check in desk to the very helpful and entertaining concierge, a substantial buffet breakfast (ensure this comes as part of your room rate) and one of the best locations in Amsterdam, giving easy access to the wonderful canals, the Jordaan Quarter, Centraal station, the main shopping street and the Damrak (if you must visit this awful area).I have stayed in a Club Room (offering free beer, wine  soft drinks from the mini bar and access to the club lounge) but for the extra cost I think the Quality Rooms are better value.So if you are considering booking the Rennaissance don't be put off by the negative reviews, you'll get a lot of hotel for a little money!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melyte
<Content>smelled like an ashtray This hotel is very convenient to the train station and most anywhere you need/want to be in Amsterdam, but so are a whole lot of other hotels!We asked for (and confirmed again ahead) for a non-smoking room. We were assigned to a basement-like first floor room that smelled so bad that I had a hard time breathing. We called the front desk to ask for a non-smoking room and were assured that we were in one. When we told the front desk staff that there were cigarette burns on the same table that held the phone we were using, he offered to send a housekeeper down to spray something. He said no other rooms were available. A very pleasant woman arrived and we explained our dilemma. She told us that the occupant in the room just before us was a heavy smoker!! She called the front desk from our room and, suddenly, another room was available. It looked nothing like the hotel's photo of their rooms, but at least I could breathe.All the beautiful teaser photos on their advertisements are of the building across the street from the hotel with the dome. Apparently where they hold conferences.My partner and I are gold and silver (respectively) Marriott rewards members and this is what we got for our loyalty!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Parris
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance for two nights in September. The hotel was easy to find and close to the train station. We booked several excursions with the concierge desk. They were very helpful. The breakfast buffet was good, but expensive. (typical buffet). We ate several times at the brown pub at the hotel. The food was good. Our room was a typical marriot standard room. It was everything that we expected. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dfenz
<Content>Very nice hotel I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while attending a conference in Nov 2006. The hotel was very comfortable, the bar very relaxed and the breakfasts very nice (if overpriced). My first floor room was quite spacious although as it faced the street there was quite a lot of noise that the windows did little to prevent coming into the room. The location is very central being close to Central station and the main shopping streets. The conference centre for this hotel is just across the street and its certainly a very beautiful surrounding to be spending a day in a former church!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pamnrobnemnernel
<Content>Fabulous!!! My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel over the weekend and it was fabulous! First of all, it's only a 15 minute train ride from the airport and about a five minute walk from the train station (the train is much cheaper than a taxi!). It's very well placed. You can walk to everything. The entire staff is extremely welcoming, friendly and helpful. The hotel is beautiful, affordable and very clean. The room was a good size and had a mini bar. There were also several TV channels in English. The bed was VERY comfortable and had extra pillows! They turned down the bed for us at night. The hair dryer worked very well! The toiletries were really nice, which is good with the 100ml travel restrictions in place now. They have a nice shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, shower cap, hand soap and face soap. They also supplied us with a razor and shave cream upon request. There were small bottles of mouth wash in the lobby restroom as well. There was complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby during the morning. They do have a restaurant and bar, but we chose to eat at the many wonderful restaurants out in town. The food was fantastic! If we ever go back to Amsterdam we will stay at this hotel again. The concierge was really helful telling us where to walk to for the canal boat tour and the Anne Frank House. They also stored our bag for us when we checked in early and after we checked out so we could walk around before leaving. Amsterdam is such a wonderful place to visit and staying at a great hotel made it even better.I hope this review is a help to you and have a great time in Amsterdam!Pam  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Febo17
<Content>Convenient Hotel I stayed at the Renaissance Amsterdam for 4 nights on business. I enjoyed this hotel. The hotel is especially convenient to the Central Rail Station and the tram lines are only a block away. Facilities are modern and clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. My room was on the Club Floor. Club Lounge was quite convenient for breakfast and afternoon beers. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AP_Phoenix
<Content>Good city center hotel...would return. Stayed at the Renaissance for a weekend...first time to Amsterdam. It was in a good location, within walking distance to the train station, restaurants, pubs...Nice lobby, rooms were generic. Very nice front desk staff. Timely room service that was ordered late night. Also, the concierge was very helpful..recommended some great restaurants.I wouldn't consider the hotel luxurious by any means but I had a really nice stay and would return.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>webtrainer
<Content>Got a great deal, real "American" experience Lucked into a $85 a night deal name your own price on Priceline, and was very happy with the hotel. As others have said, great location: three minutes from the train station, not in the red light district, friendly staff, early check-in, etc.My bride and I were on our honeymoon, and it was our first visit to lovely Amsterdam. We will be back, especially if I can get a great deal again!The Renaissance is a Marriott hotel, so you get the USA Today at your door every day. Not a real European experience, but as this was towards the end of our honeymoon, it was not un-appreciated to be sure.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mandylawson
<Content>a different class stayed at this hotel as part of a dfds luxury mini cruise break and proved to be just that. arrived at reception early but allocated room straight away, room very cosy, bathroom very spacious with lovely toiletries. went for a walk and on return pleasantly surprised to find champs and strawberries in room with compliments of guest relations officer bronwyn leroux. on arrival i had mentioned we were celebrating my husbands 40th birthday. this put the icing on the cake and made our stay very special. a beautiful hotel very peaceful fab staff, breakfast first class, what more can i say, will strongly recomend.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SelenaBartlett
<Content>Ask and it's yours! We booked interconnecting rooms at a fabulous rate of 230 euros per room per night for dinner, bed and breakfast. However once there the rooms we had been allocated were very small (we have three children who always have their own room). At the reception desk (even though the hotel was virtually full) the staff were incredibly helpful and showed me two other 'setups' that would have been appropriate. We decided to go for a bedroom with interconecting lounge (with sofa-bed) for a fabulous rate of 309 euros (for both bits). The rate incuded the minibar (the free chocolate went down very well with my three children) and the wine was a decent standard, in addition to this, it included breakfast at the club lounge which offered a wide enough range of breakfast choices and in the evenings from 5.30pm had free wines etc and hot and cold nibbles. It felt a little strange going into the lounge to get our 'freebies', but once the room filled up the atmosphere was like a very chilled but lively (you get my drift) nice bar. Our children were the only ones there, but we did not feel self conscious and the manager when she saw our children there even went downstairs to collect colouring things for the younger two. The decor is rather peculiar and you are definately part of a 'chain', but that actually worked in the hotel's favour in so much as the staff were all very well trained, the hotel was spotless and the 'american' attitude to customer service was very, very welcome!The restaurant (behind the bar) was fabulous and very inexpesive compared to other five stars we have visited in mainland Europe.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ex-smoker
<Content>Comfy, but that's about it. The hotel was generally clean and comfortable, and the staff was very professional, but the hotel itself was very generic. Once you entered the lobby, you could have been in any Howard Johnsons or Holiday Inn. There was no individulism. The location was good, being close to the train and canal stations and many tourist sites, but room service breakfast trays left in the hallways reamined there until well into the afternoon, and I was awakened very early one morning by a work crew hammering in the next room.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KingDoody
<Content>Not bad for a city centre hotel Overall a pretty good hotel. We had a standard room which was spacious and clean. I requested a high floor room but we checked in late and only got a 3rd floor (out of 8) which looked out onto a car park!Air con in the room was good but it was noisy from about 6 am outside the window so I'd recommend going for a high floor on the front (city streets in Amsterdam are quiet as not much traffic)Hotel staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and a definate plus point fir the hotel.We paid 189Euros per night per room without breakfast . It's easy to get breakfast in the cafe's close to the hotel so not a big deal. Overal value for money was OK.Location of the hotel was excellent, all major attracttions were within 30 mins walk - most within 15 mins and public transport was excellent and cheap.Other negative point was room had no tea/coffee making.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>suz_mitchell
<Content>...quite a contrast to other Renaissance After coming from London's Renaissance, I was a little shocked at the comparison. This is a very generic hotel, in a great location, and overpriced for what I received in room and services. It felt like I'd timewarped except the pricing was in futuristic figures. The hotel felt cold, emotionally and from the attitude of staffing.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>allenweiner
<Content>We Will Never Go Back A mix of bad luck and bad hotel services turned our stay at the Renaissance into a nightmare. It was a bad omen when we had to walk to the hotel from the train station as it was too close for any cab driver to take us. The front desk was staffed by an inexperienced trainee who had major difficulties finding our reservation. The room was OK, but rather dark and the halls were dirty, lined with room service trays that had not been picked up. The worst feature was the lack of an in-room safe which is peculiar given that Amsterdam is a dangerous place in terms of theft of personal property. To that end, we had a carry bag stolen that night while we dined outdoors, and without an in-room safe, we were left to carry our passports on our person forcing us to spend half a day at the US consulate getting new passports ($200 later). We also lost a camera and diabetic supplies.The next day, we used the safe deposit boxes at the front desk for what was left of our valuables. Later that day, when we went to retrieve some personal items, we find that the front desk clerk neglected to give us a key to the box. Instead, she left it in an envelope with our room number in an empty break room. Luckily, nothing was missing.Even though the Marriott site says there is a fitness center at the hotel, the fitness facility actually is not part of the hotel itself and has a hefty premium charge. Not even the priciest Marriotts in New York have that fee attached for health club access.The last oddity was our ride to the airport. The concierge arranged it with a shuttle service advertised in the lobby, but we were taken instead by a private cab. That caused us to wonder just what鈥檚 going on at that place!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	4	1	1	2	3	

<Author>saskatoonguy
<Content>A modern American-style hotel in the heart of the city This is a modern hotel right in the heart of Amsterdam. The Renaissance chain is part of the Marriott corporation, and this hotel is perfect for North Americans who don鈥檛 want to endure the quirks of European-owned hotels. I paid 159euros per night in July 2006 (weekend rate booked through the Marriott website). I strongly recommend it.The room had air conditioning, a rarity in Europe. The chambermaid left two large apples on the table, and when I left a note saying 鈥渢hanks but I don鈥檛 care for apples,鈥?she replaced them with *four* of the biggest plums I had ever seen 鈥?a very nice gesture.Overpriced bottles of water were sitting on tabletops 鈥?at 4.50euros per bottle, don鈥檛 be tempted to open one! The hotel is not doing the customer any favors with water at that price. Instead, go to the nearby pedestrian street, Nieuwendijk, which almost (but not quite) borders the hotel on the north side, and stock up on goodies at one of the small grocery stores there. Don鈥檛 make my mistake of taking a taxi from the airport to the hotel, which cost me 47euros plus tip. Much smarter is to take the train from the airport to the hotel for a mere 3.60euros, and then make the short ten minute walk from Central Station to the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>andrewclauer
<Content>Friendly, clean, wonderful as usual! I travel extensively, mostly in the US but 6-7 times per year in Europe, etc. My decision to return to Amsterdam for some vacation time is of course based upon the beauty of the City and its people; however, the decision is made that much easier by my knowledge that the friendly staff and great stays I've had at the Renaissance will be repeated. This is my fifth trip to Amsterdam for vacation, and my fourth stay at the Renaissance. I can honestly say that the level of overall almost ridiculously friendly and attentive service has actually increased over the past 4 years. From the moment of check-in, great attention is paid to making sure that guests are comfortable, and that all needs are met. As with many trans-Atlantic visitors, we all show up and want to check in at 10:00am. This hotel goes out of its way to help make sure that guests are allowed to check in as expeditiously as possible. They hold luggage, give waiting guests access to the executive lounge upstairs and continue to follow-up with housekeeping to make sure that the wait times are kept to a minimum. The hotel has a large compliment of staff, including bell persons, front desk attendants, concierge, etc. Especially helpful and detail-oriented is the Guest Services Manager (whose name I must admit I can't recall at the moment). She is always there to help, and aside from the fact that she always seems to be going 1000+ MPH helping everyone within a 100 mile radius, she provides the finishing touch on what is a truly spectacular guest experience.In addition to the 400+ rooms (and they have some really cool Junior Suites which feature private balconies), the Renaissance has wonderfully appointed apartment units, located in several adjacent historic buildings. During my last two extended stays (last one was almost 3 weeks, this one only 2), I opted for the apartments, so that I could have a small kitchen, and some extra space for all of my junk. Last year, I was traveling with a friend, and we got a two-bedroom; this year, I went with the one. The apartments are a wonderful and affordable alternative, and I would invite people to enquire as to their availability. In both cases of my apartment stays, I have had a wonderful view of the Singel, and associated people-watching opportunities. The apartments are modern, spotlessly clean, fully amenitized sans air conditioning. I've not had a problem with this, however, as the apartments seem to be floor-through, so that you get a great breeze, and there are ceiling fans throughout.The hotel's location is great, just south of Central Station, and within easy walking distance of all attractions in the Centrum. There are canal taxis/boats which launch from the area just in front of Central Station, and you can easily take them down to the areas of the museums, and zoo, etc.I must admit that in the times I've been here, I've only eaten one breakfast at the hotel's restaurant. It was a great meal (if a little pricey, as I recall). There are so many places to eat within 1 block of the hotel, that I always feel compelled to wander about. There are two British pubs which serve traditional grub (heart attack stuff - GREAT!), and there's a cute little bagel place just across from the hotel entrance on the Singel canal.During the past year, the hotel has added high-speed internet access to all rooms, and there is high-speed wireless all over the place (for a fee). There is a business center, where you can hop on and check email, and print a document or two. For guests on the Club Floor (or those - like myself - who travel so much for work that we've managed to get Marriott Platinum), there is a wonderful executive club, with seemingly endless food and drinks on the 6th floor. That's my rambling for the Renaissance. I can't possibly recommend it highly enough. Whether for a short stay for business or pleasure, or a longer-term stay in one of the apartments of Junior Suites, the hotel is absolutely great and the staff's friendliness and helpfulness is what will make you want to return again and again. IDuring the course of the last 5 years, I have spent at least 100 nights per year in hotels for work, from JW Marriotts in Oahu, to the top hotels in most US cities. WIth all this said, I can honestly say that the Renaissance Amsterdam is among my favorite hotels out there.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burgo1804
<Content>sure the decor is a bit dated but otherwise.. I stayed in the hotel with my wife for 5 days in June- and sure some of the decor is a bit dated- exposed bricks, low roof etc as others have said but overall I have to say that I was very happy with the Renaissance Hotel and would stay there againIt is in a great location- a very short stroll from Centraal Station so easy access by either via the rail network or to the airport, an easy walk to the excellent (albeit a bit hot) tram network to anywhere in Amsterdam and close to the sites in the centre. We walk a lot on our holiday and found we could stroll and/or tram to just about anywhere with minimal fuss in Amsterdam- the redlight district and the chinatown area are easy to get too- if you wish- the food was good in the latter and the sights in the former interesting to say the least.The hotel itself was very secure- big doormen always around, we thought at first just because some of the Ukranian delegation was staying there but they security was good our entire stay, helpful staff and a good breakfast which seemed good value to us. internet facility was easy to use and relatively cheapThe bed may have been a bit soft for our liking but we found the biggest problem was that the airconditioning wasn't as effective as we would have liked- the weather had just warmed up and sleeping with the window open could get a bit noisy late at night.Overall we enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam and the Renaissance was a good base for exploring the city  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Roy A M
<Content>Avoid like the plague!! 325 euros/night for a single bed is a bit of a joke, especially when they add 22 euros/day for breakfast... This is so NOT a 5-star hotel. The room was exceptionally small and the bed was quite uncomfortable, the iron was tied to the ironing board so I had to pull the whole ironing board into the bathroom to fill the iron. Also, the fridge in the room didn't work, I had to climb behind the TV cabinet to get to the grubby balcony, and cleaning staff came into my room three times while I was in there, despite me clearly yelling 'just a moment'!To get to her room, my colleague had to take an elevator, walk down six badly signposted corridors, take another elevator, walk down another corridor, go through a fire door, then go down some stairs...I could go on, but I dare say you get my drift. Great location, dreadful hotel. Avoid like the plague!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Renaissance I was somewhat apprehensive about my stay at the Renaissance in Amsterdam after reading some of the reviews here and at another site. I was happily surprised that I had a very nice time during the three nights I stayed there. The hotel is close to the train station and an easy five minute walk. I was checked in right away and someone was available to help with my bags. The room was clean and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. I called for a robe and adapter and it was brought up to my room within minutes. The hotel had a very attractive lobby and bar. There was a computer room on the first floor with internet access for a nominal fee. I felt that having to use your room key to get an elevator up was a good safety feature. I walked to most sights but sometimes took the tram back. All the trams return to the train station which is minutes from the hotel so I never worried about catching the correct tram, I just got on any one that was going towards the train station. I booked my room through Priceline and had a great stay at the hotel. The room and bathroom were nice and clean although I wouldn't say they were five star luxury fabulous. I would happily stay at the Renaissance on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ange70
<Content>top class hotel myself and my husband stayed in this hotel in feb 06, the room was a little smaller than the one we had stayed in Manchester England but the quality was the same the standards were high room cleaned daily, staff very freindly and helpfull didnt eat in hotel restaurant so cant comment if i have one complaint(and i think it is a british thing) there were no tea/coffee facilties in our room but there were in the reception and it was all free but i can live with that it can be a bit pricey but if you shop around there are some good deals and im a great believer in you get what you pay for and i got a 5star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay Location: Very near to the Railway Station. In the midst of many restaurants and busy streets and yet somehow the entrance of the hotel was quite, secluded and nice.Staff: Very cooperative in stay and helpful with directions and sight seeing tips. Spoke extremely good English. The Concierge was most efficient, polished and very helpful. The hotel and the staff had an overall good old English charm to it.Rooms: Our room was very good and large enough with attached shower and WC that was very clean. Rooms were cleaned everyday. Hotel Ambience: Very good, immediately you feel you are in a truly class place. Enough staff for all needs and very good lobby. Breakfast: Sorry did not eat there. Other Convenience: None as such except that it is near the station. Shops and museums are close by, as is I guess whole of Amsterdam is very compact. Many restaurants and internet shops abound around the hotel which we found to be very convenient. The day we arrived it was their monthly guest reception day and we were served free cocktails. Overall: Very Good.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsh1625
<Content>Nothing wrong with this hotel. I also got a deal on Priceline and after reading a lot of reviews here expected to be uncomfortable. My room was huge (not a cozy Dutch interior but who needs wallpaper with all of Amsterdam outside). The staff were friendly and helpful. I did get room service (rushed before my airport shuttle even). Maybe some disgruntled lodgers have not stayed in some other hotels in Amsterdam. I've paid about the same, even more, for a lot less. Last good point, I had never explored this area as I usually try and stay closer to the middle and really enjoyed exploring the Brouwersgracht and around. Beware of rooms on the street, it is a lot busier and nosier than it first seems.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mkc87
<Content>Quiet, Clean, and Convenient I can't write enough about this great hotel about a block and a half from central station. It is pretty quite located next to the Singel Canal. Yet a short walk from the main strip for shopping, eats, and anything else you came to amsterdam for. Also you go left out of the hotel, and the tram/bus stop is right on the corner from the hotel taking you to the other parts of the city. Even feeling a little sick during my trip due to getting used to the different food, I didn't feel like I missed much being only steps from shopping, and food outside of the hotel. This hotel is pretty pricey if you go straight at it around $300 per night, but you can get it for less than half that if you book through priceline.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noldesh
<Content>Not Great Booked 3 nights in this hotel on the hotel website, but this did not stop them from checking us out each day, meaning our door cards which give access to lifts, rooms etc, were cancelled each day. The first morning we received a phone call from reception telling us to leave the room as we were supposed to checkout. Despite providing our booking confirmation, they were adamant we had to leave. This happened the next morning as well, without apology. The rooms are generally very dated and lack tea and coffee facilites. As for the onsight bar or Kopel Cafe, the staff were rude, unhelpful and hard to find. It took over 20 mins to get served on the saturday night and then we could not have the drink we wanted as they had run out of glasses!! Overall, for the price, not very impressive.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>alexb2
<Content>Poor value for money At 165 EUR/night corporate, this hotel is exceptionally poor value for money. Not at all up to the standards one would expect of a Renaissance/Marriott property. Bedroom was small, very dark, and claustrophobic. Windows don't open properly, and ventilation either leaves you too hot or too cold. Thin duvets, small beds and uncomfortable mattresses. The rooms and hallways have very low ceilings. Being 6'3 tall, I had about 2 inches of clear space between the top of my head and the hallway and bathroom ceilings! The hallways are dark and scarily univiting. Bedroom windows face into a prison-like central courtyard. No room service is available. The decor is like something out of a 1970's time warp. Paper-thin walls so you can hear the various bathroom noises of the person next door and above you!The only plus point might be its proximity to Central station. Bottom line -- Stay away!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amsterdam Hotel Nice hotel. They let us check in early and held our luggage for us to explore the city some more after check out. Clean, helpful staff. No problems.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abece
<Content>Great deal on Priceline We had one night in Amsterdam and wanted to be close to everything so this hotel was great. A five minute walk from Central Station and right on the tram line to the Van Gogh museum and the Rijksmuseum. And a ten minute walk from the Anne Frank house. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the hotel itself was ver nice. Definitely four star, also a decent size room for Europe. We got a Sunday night on Priceline for $100.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>roberee
<Content>Good Hotel but Overrated  We arrived at the hotel well after the check-in time but was told that they didn't have a room ready for us. They asked us to wait for an hour and said they would come seek us out in the sitting area when it's ready. Well, they didn't come get us and we had to go ask ourselves. They were, however, apologetic.The lobby area is very nice but it in no way reflected the quality of our room. The room we stayed in was on a lower floor and looked out onto a side street (courtyard) where the service entrance was and where the hotel employees took cigarette breaks. Everything in the room was dated. My initial impression was that it was eerily similar to rooms of Holiday Inns in the US. The beds are better than those at Holiday Inns but certainly not four star quality. The bathroom as a whole was dated as well. The redeeming part of this is that it was equipped with a great shower (awesome water pressure).The hotel is close to the main train station and is within walking distance to tourist sites. There are shops nearby and an internet cafe down the street. Also, nearby was a street full of restaurants that were open late night (BK or McDonald's was nearby as well; forget which one).Didn't use the gym because extra charge. Didn't try the restaurant, either. I would try another hotel if I go to Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice hotel with a great location       Exterior  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sacman
<Content>Perfect location, expensive internet The hotel is only a short walk from the Central train station. The rooms, while a little small, are very American compared to other hotels in Europe. Someone traveling to Europe for the first time would be very comfortable. The rooms were very quiet. After an overnight flight from JFK I was able to check in at 9AM and get some much needed sleep. My only complaint is the hotel charges $20 Euro per 24 hour period for high speed internet access in the room. This access is for one computer only so it can't be shared if you are traveling with others. Overall service in the lobby and restaurant was outstanding.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stuck in the 70's! The hotel location is fine, but the hotel itself is very dated. Rooms are small and basic. We asked for a non-smoking, quiet room, and we got a room that reaked of cigarettes on the 3rd floor on top of the entrance. We moved to another room the next night, which was better, but you should be sure to check your room before you get settled in.The King bed is really just two twins pushed together with a fitted sheet over it. The cover sheets were weird too. There was not one complete cover sheet to cover both my husband and myself, but they actually make the bed up with two twin stuffed coverlets (like thin white quilts). The bathroom tub/shower is like a small plastic tub. Definitely not standard size bathtub. There also was a strange smell in the bathroom, like mold.Overall, if you're in town to take advantage of the legal herb, then who cares where you stay. But if you need a bit more than a Super 8-like motel, you should look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>usflyer
<Content>Great location, average rooms, tough to park. Great location near the shopping district and within walking distance of the boat tours and other great area attractions. The hotel is laid out a little oddly, so it can take you 2 elevator trips and 5 minutes of walking to get to your room, but once there, the rooms are average Renaissance rooms. This means they are not particularly modern or luxurious (as some have been updated to in other cities), but they are very spacious for Europe and have everything you would need. This hotel is pricey ($185 for a weekend rate) and the location is kind of hard to find if you are driving (off on a side street, with not great signage). Also, parking is non-existent, so you either have to pay the hotel and park in the small garage (drive in an elevator and go up into the building) or find public somewhere else. Everyone speaks excellent English.I liked the location a lot and the ability to get Marriott points. Would consider this again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ali86
<Content>Great Hotel I cant rate this hotel highly enough.Me and my my boyfriend stayed here over new year and had a great time.The location is good, about 5 mins from Central Station. We were easliy able to walk everywhere.The staff cant do enough to help and advise you (and they even sent home a jumper I had accidentally left in the hotel room after we left, free of charge!)If you miss the breakfast in the dining room, it continues to be served in the bar.The rooms are very nice and clean and we had a good view of the canal from our window.I would reccomend a stay here and will definatly be returning.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Recent_TravelerCinci
<Content>Great location so-so room The location of this hotel was fantastic but as with any chain, you aren't getting the adventure of trying a local hotel. It is right near the train station and walking everywhere is a breeze. We were able to briefly see everything we wanted to see by foot in the three nights we stayed. it wasn't as nice as most Marriotts -- which I almost always like. The room itself was fine but the bathroom was nothing but basic. The hotel was always full of activity, which doesn't bother me but made it difficult to get in touch with the concierge.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>schrap2755
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location I have stayed at this hotel 6-7 time over the past couple years with my most recent stay November 2005. It has never failed to deliver a consistent product. It is a 5-6 minute easy walk to the central train station, has a very good Concierge Lounge offering a good breakfast as well as complimentary alcohol and appetizers in the evening. The corridors are quite long and twisted at some points making the walk from registration to your room seem forever, however once there the rooms are functional and basic. I have stayed in far nicer Marriott/Renaissance properties, but the condition of this leave nothing really to complain of. They beds are comfortable, water pressure fine as well as the size of the room. The location of the hotel is also quite nice. Immedicately to the right outside the hotel are several restaurants and cafes along the canal and easy walking to shopping. Overall, a good value if you can get rates in the 129-159 Euro range.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Amsterdam Hotel I very much enjoyed staying at the Amsterdam Renaissance. I have stayed there many times. I find the location to be perfect. It is within walking distance to Centraal Station, trams, canal boats and the Metro. Taxis are usually cued up in front of the hotel, especially in morning and dinner time.The rooms are above average and exceptionally clean. Rooms that face the street do pick up some street noise but it鈥檚 unavoidable. The hotel is a bit expensive when compared to some surrounding hotels, but you get value for what you pay for.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge desk is always ready to help, as well as the Guest Services Managers, Bronwyn and Christopher.Water pressure and plenty of hot water makes for a very comfortable shower. There are several restaurants in the hotel. Current security measures cause you to have to go outside the hotel to use the Koppel Caf茅, but its no big deal unless its raining hard.Marriott Elite members have use of the Club lounge on the 6th floor. It serves a complimentary continental breakfast daily, including weekends and generous evening refreshments. I must say that this is one of the nicest Club Lounges I have ever used. There is free use of the lounge computer to check e-mails and web sites. They just ask that you are reasonable on sharing time with others.My only disappointment with this hotel is that the heating and air conditioning are sometimes difficult to regulate. On hot summer days, the air conditioning feels week to me. On cold winter days, the heat is very strong, but I tend to like my room cooler than most people. The hotel will not provide you with a lot of old world charm. It is a business oriented hotel what you might be accustomed to in the United States.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleasant stay at the Renaissance Amsterdam Just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam and had a very pleasant stay at the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel. Ideal location, large rooms, great breakfast buffet and very attentive/friendly staff. The concierge  bell staff were especially helpful. They recommended tasty restaurants and were able to get us last minute reservations on a Friday and Saturday night. The bellman went so far as to walk us up to the right street to get to the Indonesian restaurant. Haven't experienced that before. We would defintely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!               More photos  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emmagale
<Content>Higher Expectations For a 5 star hotel I expected better accommodations and better treatment. (The London Marriott Kensington the week before had been such a delight). Pros: location, housekeeping staffCons:Holiday Inn-ish rooms, abrupt front desk, concierge and doormenUpon check in, my bathroom had a extremely strong urine odor. I contacted housekeeping immediately and they hand cleaned the toilet area. The smell was still there several hours later, albeit less so, when they called to check at which point they sent someone with a steaming machine. I'm glad to report that this did the trick otherwise I would have required another room.The housekeeping staff have been responsive and attentive. The front desk, doormen and concierge have been curt, abrupt but polite. They have not gone out of their way to make us feel welcome that's for sure. The front desk has a problem with picking up the phone. I must have called 3 times before I finally reached someone. Concierge kept interrupting me when I was trying to ask questions, as if he couldn't spare the time.I needed a taxi one day and the doormen behaved as if he were doing me a favor. The taxi driver told me he had been waiting several hours for a more worthy fare to the airport and did not hide his unhappiness that my ride was only going to yield 8 Euros. According to him, the doorman can pick and choose the taxis waiting in the rank because they get paid part of fare by the taxi driver.....what a racket!For 309 Euros per night was a big disappointment. If you can get the rooms for 100 Euros a night, as some reviewers have, then I say go for it. Otherwise keep your expectations low. My husband and I have traveled a lot and sorry to say this has not been one of our most memorable experiences.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Not for everone For the timid American/Western tourist, this hotel will fit the bill: outside it's Amsterdam, but inside you could just as well be in Peoria.The hotel is clean, the staff friendly and the stay pleasant it's just that I would expect more from Renaissance, which I think of as the upscale part of the Marriott chain.Pros:- Easy walk to central station- Located in the heart of Amsterdam, easy walking to most sights- Safe/secure hotel (key needed for elevator)- Friendy English speaking staff- Excellent breakfast buffet (not always included, check your rate)- There are a lot of bad hotels in Amsterdam, and this hotel is much better.Cons:- No safe in rooms! (Desk staff happy to put stuff in hotel safe)- Looong hallways- Boring design, slightly outdated decor of rooms- Chain hotel feel.- No free wi-fi  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better hotels elsewhere clean enough rooms, rooms small, no character long corridors better hotels for price .  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ENK1973
<Content>Renaissance M o t e l !!! Thankfully I was redeeming Marriott Reward Points and did not have to pay for this hotel because most college dorms are nicer. Don鈥檛 be fooled by the curb appeal of the public spaces like the lobby. Rooms are in DESPERATE need of a refurbishment! The Mattress and furniture are deplorable as were the window treatments, bathroom fixtures and lighting. Equally bad were the guest room hallways. They are very musty and OLD Holiday Inn鈥漣sh鈥?Front desk staff was pleasant, when they happened to answer the phone, however, the Doorman and Bell Staff were the most UNFRIENDLY people I encountered in all of Amsterdam.I鈥檓 not quite sure how Marriott allows this hotel to continue to run under a Renaissance flag. I know that Marriott Hotels can sometimes vary in quality but this hotel should be listed as a motel with a nice lobby and meeting space. I will go back to Amsterdam, but I will not stay here again, free or otherwise.This hotel does have a great location and you can easily walk from the central train station. However, they neglect to mention this on their web site. ***NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL***  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd expect more... Everything appears as you would expect of a 4 star hotel until you get to the rooms which are a little bland although in good condition. My colleague had a room with no drawer space despite paying the same rate as me. The hotel is clean, the staff friendly and the stay pleasant it's just that I would expect more from a hotel of this rating.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, Nice hotel The hotel is located only a few short blocks from Centraal Station, so it is very convenient if you are taking the train in or coming from the airport. There are trams, restaurants and 'coffeeshops' in the neighborhood. Amsterdam is pretty compact, so you should be able to walk just about anywhere from here, or catch a cab or a tram if you are feeling lazy and/or the weather is bad.The hotel is equivalent to an American Marriott or Hilton, very nice lobby. The room was on the small side with one queen bed. Can't say much for the view. Concierge was very friendly, having tickets to the Van Gogh museum at the desk for sale.All in all, a good experience. I got a deal on priceline, if you have only 2 people in your party I highly recommend trying to bid for it (4 stars in central Amsterdam). At a rate of $100/night including taxes, the deal couldn't be beat.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>msanta
<Content>Friendly staff makes up for average rooms We stayed in Amsterdam on a busy Saturday (SAIL 2005) and chose the executive floors for free mini bar and access to the executive lounge for snacks, drinks and breakfast. The staff is amazingly friendly in all sectors: reception, luggage storage, concierge, executive lounge. The room was as expected based on reviews on this site: no safe in room, soft bed (pillows good for us, however), and air conditioning that had one setting -- cold. In spite of this, we slept well, had a very pleasant breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. Their outdoor cafe is very pleasant, good for people watching and meeting friends. The location is great for the train station and major shopping end of the city. Even though it is close to the center, the hotel seems oriented to a quiet area.A couple other positives: 1) delicious chocolate on hand at reception all the time. 2) web site says 2 persons MAX in rooms, but calling the hotel directly got us a rollaway for our daughter.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Amsterdam Renaissance Hotel was an incredible value after getting a $100/day rate on Price Line. The rooms were large by European standards, spotlessly clean, and the staff were friendly, cheerful and eager to help. The hotel has a retaurant, but it is expensive, as most hotel restaurants are. The hotel has an off-site gym, which is less than a half-block walk. The location is great - very central to the downtown district and Dam Square. You can conveniently walk to a number of sights, and the metro will take you virtually anywhere you want to go at a reasonable price. Taxis are expensive in Amsterdam, so avoid them. The lady who, in her review, was worried about her pilates workout should have stayed in Los Angeles, or wherever she came from. This hotel is nice by American standards, much less European standards. For those travelers who are expecting an American-style Hilton, go to America.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location with style My wife and I have just returned from a 4 night visit to Amsterdam. Thsi was our first trip to this exciting city and based on trip advisor reviews we selected the Renaissance Hotel and were very pleased. Location was great, a 10 minute walk from the train station, great choice of dining establishments in the neighborhood and a interesting 15 minute walk to the Dam. The staff were extremely well trained and the conceirge personnel were the best I have run across in a long time. Rooms were fine and A/C was welcomed. For the money this is a good hotel and will have my business on the next visit.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment if you expect the five stars to actually shine The tiniest hotel room we have stayed in so far. My husband and I are going to be here for almost a week during the July 4th weekend and the only great thing about it is location. You can literally walk to absolutely anyplace around! The gym is external and is only available for an additional fee and if you thought you will get your pilates cd to work out - forget it. We had barely any room left to walk after our three international travel bags. Dated interiors, and a really really awful bed - no firm pillows and horribly aged springs in the bedding. No we would not consider staying here again. Believe me the over all quality of the room is a Motel 6 room - only much smaller and wayyy pricey!! (almost 380 euros/night)  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GBTravellerLondon
<Content>Good location, staff, value Stayed here for weekend in June 2005, nice room but no safe in room, which was a shame. Aircon was not that good either. Staff at reception were excellent as were all others. Good breakfast buffet. Someone complained in earlier review that a five star hotel should not have bare brick walls. It wasn't that bad really, just a design of the period, probably late 80s. I found it quite charming. Good security in hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnwhiting
<Content>not a 5 star but good location Stayed with 2 friends on 6 and 7 June. Previously asked for rooms overlooking the courtyard at the front. Ours looked out on a wall, our friends on a carpark. Rooms ok but bathrooms only 3 star standard. Very nice staff but overall a slight disappointment.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ruben900
<Content>Clean hotel, but not 4-star Stayed here for a whole week around Labor Day. This hotel was shown on websites to be a 4-5 star hotel. Not even close! The rooms were like college dorm rooms....very basic and marginally comfortable. The highlights were good location and a pretty good gym (extra charge). DO NOT stay here expecting the quality of Renaissance Hotels you find here in the USA or you'll be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>film54
<Content>Great stay! I really enjoyed my 2 night stay at the Renaissance in March 2005. I was very impressed with the lobby area and professional staff. Our room was very comfortable and clean with a huge bed. Friends were travelling with couldn't check in right away and got bumped up to a mini-suite for no charge. The location of the hotel was wonderful as well. Everything was in walking distance. Highly reccomended!  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs Up for the Renaissance Twelve of us just returned home from a river cruise which originated in Amsterdam. We began our vacation with an overnight stay at the Renaissance. Our unanimous opinion of this hotel is extremely favorable. The rooms were very nice and clean. The staff was helpful and professional, and, as most reviewers state, the location is superb.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jszyman806
<Content>Perfect location! This 4-star hotel is in a great location, a 10-min walk from the train station. Anne Frank House is a short 10-min walk. Museums are 25 min away, but very walkable. Rooms are standard. The hotel is nicely decorated. The concierge desk is very helpful. One hint-- buy tickets for museums and Anne Frank House from here or at the tourist info booth right outside the train station. This allows you to walk past everyone in line when you get there. What a time savings! Finally, eat at Humphrey's restaurant, just over a block away from the hotel. My friend and I ate there TWICE in our three night stay. For 18.95 Euro you get three courses with quite a selection. The restaurant is quite big with a nice atmosphere. More locals were there than tourists. How does white chocolate with egg nog sauce sound for dessert? I got that and a nice chocolate dish the next night. I got a deliciously prpeared salad with balsamic both nights (w/ sun-dried tomatoes, sweet peppers, etc.) One night I got the mixed grill, the other the grilled veal steak. Superbly done with lots of taste. Don't miss this one. We walked all over the city, looking to try something different. But, why pay almost double. We went back to Humphrey's.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay great stay at this hotel. As everyone says - this is a great location. Convenient to everything in Amsterdam. Lots of nice restaurants, bars, internet cafes, coffee houses, etc. within a 5 minute walk. The Centraal station is also a 5 minute walk away and I took advantage of that to do day trips to the flower gardens and Delft. Very cheap and easy using the train - no need to take an expensive tour!I also can't say enough about the friendliness of the staff. They were so pleasant it was almost scary. I thought I'd stepped into some commercial. When I arrived at 2 there was no problem getting a room and I asked for one overlooking the street. They gave me a room with a nice view. The room was clean, nice, and everything worked so just what I'd expect in a 5* hotel. Since my flight was leaving at 10:00 p.m. - the staff offered a 3 p.m. checkout and let me store my bags with the concierge. Everyone was very-very - friendly - nothing seemed to be too much trouble. Also - great (free) chocolate at reception - I was offered some every day.I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again when I come back to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel if you can get a good rate While this hotel is indeed somewhat dull, the quality of the hotel is excellent. As someone who came to Amsterdam for both business and pleasure, I appreciated the amazing location and the fact that the hotel makes everything easy. No stairs, large rooms (by Amsterdam standards), very cheap wireless in the lobby (important - don't go to the front desk to pay for wireless, they'll try to charge you 5 an hour - just turn your computer on, open the browser, and purchase a week for 15 euro). They're also very easy to work with on group reservations. Given that the hotel frequently gives very large discounts off their stated rates, you'd be hard pressed to do better.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fabulous My husband and I, together with two friends (all seasoned travellers), stayed here for three nights in December 2004. We thought the weather might be a little cold at that time of year so we decided to pay a bit more for Club facilities in case we needed that extra comfort factor. Wise decision. We arrived at the hotel at 9 am and were shown to our rooms. Massive bed, reasonable furniture, comfortable. Wonderfully friendly staff. We also arranged for a 3 pm check-out. Nothing was too much trouble.The mini bar is free as is a plentiful supply of chocolate and fresh fruit. The club lounge provides free internet access, a constant supply of tea, coffee, refrigerated drinks, complimentary breakfast and pre-dinner drinks and canapes. It was laid back and here's that word again - comfortable. Nearly forgot - board games too.The hotel has its own brown bar. It's centrally located with transport, restaurants, shops on the doorstep. We loved it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frqflier
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location There are two reasons to go to Amsterdam and the Van Gogh Museum and the Anne Frank house aren't the top two. We went for the coffee shops and red-light district.The Renaissance is centrally located, in fact perfectly located. It is on a side street only a few yards from a canal and about a five-minute easy walk from the main train station. (That station by the way has non-stop service directly to Schipool airport; there's no reason to take a cab. Even the slow train that stops takes just 20 minutes.) The hotel has a nice lobby and many of the postings here about the state of the building are quite accurate although I didn't really notice it when I was staying there. I thought the rooms were decent sized and had no complaints about the bathroom or the physical condition of the property. I've stayed in worse, I've stayed in better but never once did I think the place looked shabby. We were actually impressed by the quality of the rooms, but we only saw one room and were quite happy with what we had for our four nights there.There is a small red-light district located quite close to the hotel as well as a fair number of coffee-shops a very short walk away, perhaps about 100 meters away from the hotel.Can't say enough about the convenient location. It's very, very accessible. Noise and check-in/out were not issues for us. As a matter of fact what was most memorable for us about our visit to this hotel was the amount of time we spent sleeping! Whether it was the lack of daylight when we were there, jet-lag or time spent frequenting the coffeeshops and red-light district we spent an awful lot of uninterrupted time in our hotel room sleeping late.We got a great rate on the internet and the combination of rate and location will easily make this our number-one pick on our next visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>European_consultant
<Content>Buidling of the 70's I stayed 3 nights with my family (5 persons) in 2 connected double rooms on the Club Floor. I was amazed by the size and condition of the rooms. Dark, relatively small and low ceilings with almost no view. And the bathroom was really disappointing: small and completely white tiled with a white plastic shower-curtain. Not really what you expect in a 5-star hotel.Apart from that everything was fine: the room is nicely furnished and clean, I paid a great rate including free minibar, snacks and free access to the clublounge including breakfast. The location is very good and the employees were friendly and helpfull. It is really the building (dating back to the 70's) that is disappointing. But if you can get a cheap rate, you can try it anyway.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>theoshow2
<Content>"Renaissance" more like Dark Ages! This place is a dungeon. The rooms are dark and drab. I requested a non smoking room, and it was given to me; however, I had to walk about 10 minutes through horrible hallways before I arrived at my room. The bathrooms smell horrible and have no upscale qualities...I got kicked out of my initial room because the bathroom sprung a leak...I thought Moby Dick was in the tub for heaven's sake. The maintenence guys were a gag! What's up guys? They did compensate me with a nice dinner voucher though. On the positive side, it's location is strong to quite strong--close to central rail station and walking distance to main attractions. Overall, if you get a super cheap rate, ahead and book the sucker, otherwise, shop around.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at AMS Ren Arrived on 8/21 at 11 a.m. prior to check-in time to a desk line 5 deep with all before me told rooms ready at 3. No members line or club floor line. Finally get to desk to discover the club floor room we had booked had been upgraded to Ambassador Suite and room was ready. This more than compensated for the queue. Card access elevator to club floor and suite is next to lounge. Suite is 2 full rooms, one as bedroom with king bed and one as living area with pull out sofa. 2 full baths, 2 minibars, bathrobes, slippers, bath condiments, bowl of fresh fruit as welcome amenity. Each room also had doors to double rooftop patio area with table and chairs looking at Koepelkerk. Usual tvs, magazines in room, etc. Lounge had morning and evening buffet and in evening had beer selection and wines. Soft drinks, tea and coffee available all day with some fruit and automatic expresso machine. Best part of lounge was Bronwyn who made our stay more pleasant.Room decor was standard Ren, but very roomy and comfortable. This hotel may be a 4 rather than a 5, but this suite guaranteed a pleasant visit and I would strongly urge those staying here to pay more for the club floor. The reviews here convinced me to do so and I found it worthwhile.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdamore
<Content>Decent but NOT 5-star Got the hotel through priceline--- at $100 per night. overall i'd say it's good but dissapointing. it's supposed to be a 5-star hotel, according to the guides. in reality it falls short. Location was great. Just a 5-minute walk from Centraal Station and 10 minutes from the red light (party) district. Service was fast but I do have one complaint. You have to prepay to use their business center....5 euros for 15 minutes of internet. You can get 15 minutes for 1 euro at any internet equipped hash house in town. Anyway, when the machine rebooted on me after almost finishing a long email, the desk lady told me she could not refund my 5 euros. I know it's a small thing, but a truely 5-star hotel would give you back your money and may even give you a coupon for a hotel massage. But this place have me Howard Johnson treatment.No pool, which a 5-start hotel must have.Hallways are ugly brick and dimly lit. Makes the place feel like a women's prison.Inside the room, everything's fine. Bed was comfy. AC worked great. They cleaned the room daily. Shower was fine. Room was quiet.Overall, not bad, and definatey worth $100, but whoever called this a 5-star hotel needs a brain scan.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the price Overall, we had a pleasant stay in this hotel. Upon our arrival we were issued a room with two double beds, but the staff was quick to switch us to a room with a double bed as we desired. The lobby is beautiful and elegant; keep a look out for little bags of Haribo gummy bears that are complimentary at the front desk. The staff was attentive, and roomservice was great. My only complaint is that it was a bit hot in our room, despite the fact that the temperature outside was a bit chilly. We think it has something to do with the layout of the hotel which does not allow for any cross-ventilation whatsoever. The airconditioner did not seem to work, but we opened a window and were comfortable. The location of this hotel was perfect; in my opinion, almost every sight to see in Amsterdam is accessible by foot. The hotel is about 5 minutes walking from Centraal Station, and about 10 minutes to Dam Square and the Red Light District. And by the way, we smoked the whole time in our room, even though it was non-smoking, and never received a complaint from the staff.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Paul75
<Content>Overrated, do not spend too much there. I was lurred by the 5* rating. The hotel is definitely worth 4*, but not more. For 5*, you would expect that everything is perfect. I find that the hotel is nice, but by no mean luxurious. Although the entrance has a marble style, the corridors and rooms have walls with raw brick. My room was noisy (but it was not on the patio), I would have expected thicker windows to filter the noise from the street.The location is very convenient.I found the personel very friendly, specially the concierge, this was better than average.The hotel was crowded, we had to wait 15 minutes in line to be seated for breakfast...I got the best rate through the hotel web site directly, and it was 135 euros breakfast included.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly staff, aged rooms Booked the Visa special offer for 135,- Euro per night including breakfast for 2 persons.The lobby is big, nice and comfy, the staff very friendly and helpful.Our room was very spacious for Amsterdam, with a kingsize bed, iron/ironing board, Tv with Internet and even Playstation, BUT unfortunately we could see and smell the age of the room. The curtains were yellowed, the furniture had little scratches, and the bathroom had just 80's charme with a bathtub with stains and little mold on the shower curtain. The amenities were ok.Try to get an special-offer including breakfast, it's really delicious (but 21 Euro per person is just overpriced)Our resume: Rooms need to be renovated in order to call the Renaissance a real 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TinaG
<Content>A real treasure We are spoiled Americans, and though we like to travel, we also like a good night's sleep in comfort. This hotel is probably the best deal in Amsterdam for people like us. It is AIR-CONDITIONED!!! Bathrooms are quite good, and this hotel is tucked away in a quiet side street with lots of trees. Very friendly hotel staff helped us find the places we wanted to visit, and even booked our canal tour. Discount rates are available on the internet which beat many of the charming small hotels with no A/C or elevators. It was the perfect place to crash after a long transatlantic flight. We didn't try the breakfast. There are so many cafes and restaurants nearby, eating is no problem. If you're into it, (we're NOT) coffee shops are a block away.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>polar_b
<Content>Genuinely friendly hotel I got this hotel through priceline and did not know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were genuinely friendly and very helpful. Forgot toothbrush? No problem, we'll send one right up (on a silver tray...). Roomservice late at night? Coming in 20 minutes. The room service food was excellent and well presented.The breakfast buffet is good and not too pricey, with fast service. Not a very impressive amount of TV channels, but hey you are not in Amsterdam to watch TV are you?!The location is great: It's very central, close to the tram stops, yet in a fairly quiet side street. You could use this hotel for business, working from your hotel room, or for pleasure - getting anywhere from the hotel is a doddle as it's close to the central station and tram stops.The beds are good, there is a minibar and the bathrooms are OK. The rooms are of a very good standard, although the interiors in the hallways are a bit worn. The lobby is fantastic and is a place you can just sit down and relax after a hard day's sightseeing.Tip: If you have a laptop with a wireless card, scan for networks. When I was there a company provided free access to anyone in that street.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfhstid
<Content>A good deal The Renaissance is probably one of the better hotels available in Amsterdam. While it lacks some of the 'character' associated with smaller non-chain hotels elsewhere, its reliable, spacious rooms offer excellent value in what is often an off-puttingly pricey city. Its location, no more than 5 minutes walk from the Centraal station, is excellent, assuming that you're not dissuaded or offended by a smattering of red-lights further down Spuistaat (and if you are, Amsterdam is probably best avoided!). The rooms, especially if you can get one of the patio ones, are enormous by European standards. On the downside, breakfast, as in other chain hotels, is a ludicrously overpriced 25 Euros. From my room, there was also some nightime noise from outside, but not enough to present any inconvenience (and it was entirely absent when I was in one of the main hotel rooms). Overall, an excellent deal, particularly if you can snaffle a room, as I did, for about USD 110 per night.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Dingy Room Stayed for 5 days. Great service, everyone was nice and helpful, which you expect from a 4 star. The lobby is nice, but waiting area and restaurants are rather unremarkable. The room is a typical Marriot room complete with all Marriot furniture, printed materials etc. The problem is, all the furniture seems rather old and used. Dingy is the right description, and the bathroom needed some bleach - moldy crevices etc. I would stay there again, but not expecting much.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>funky econo rooms this is a good hotel be careful not to get the economy room unless you like it funky the first time i stayed here they gave me a room across the alleyway from some restaurant's food prep area the room had worn out furniture but the bed was comfy and the windows opened anyway in the late afternoon i started hearing pots and pans clanging and this went on for several hours plus a bunch of steam and smoke from cooking food came in the window luckily the shower didnt drain so the next day they moved me into a normal room which was fine  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dixie_Hollins
<Content>Rennaisance Hotel Stayed at the Rennaisance Hotel for 6 nights in May.Room was spacious (for Amsterdam). Excellent bath and bed. Comfortable and quiet. Staff was very experienced and competent. Enjoyed a room service breakfast served hot and on time. Location is excellent.   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big, yet friendly and very helpful First time in Amsterdam. A last minute business/vacation and the hotel provided one of the warmest greetings at checkin we've ever experienced. The conceirge(sic) service was excellent since we did not have alot of time to plan (they showed incredible patience!). The staff were as friendly as the wonderful people of Amsterdam, the room clean and modern. The location sensational, easy reach of tram and within walking distance of the train station. Would easily stay again!  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kvf1
<Content>Restful, quiet, well placed I have stayed in the quaint, small hotels of Holland and enjoyed them, but I keep coming back to the Renaissance. I wouldn't disagree that it lacks the local flavor of a 4 room Dutch bed and breakfast, but it does exude the European roots of fine inn keeping. Very quiet, very clean, and very well placed. I have stayed here many times for both business and pleasure. The beds are comfortable with down tops, the bath rooms are well appointed, and the staff helpful. With a location that borders Central station, two main thoroughfares, and the red ligh district- the ability to duck into a quiet environment is wonderful. I do not eat here, there is too much of culinary Amsterdam a walk or tram away to settle for expensive hotel food. There is a wonderful pub attached to the rear of the hotel offering the finest in Belgian beers. Only one time did I have a problem at this hotel- a missed wake-up call. Without requesting it, the desk clerk took half off one night and arranged for a free taxi to Schipohl Airport. That's service.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cypsi
<Content>Could be in America..... The location is excellent; close to the station, but then again Amsterdam is small! If you can get a good internet rate, and don't want to stay somewhere that has character, then it is a good choice. The room was typical of an American four-star hotel - big, well furnished, comfortable - in fact it could have been any similar hotel in America. The only unusual thing was the low ceilings. Bathroom was a bit small, but very clean and modern. A big hotel, so rather anonymous in feel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed for 3 nights and got a fantastic deal on the internet which worked out at around 脗拢35 each per night. The hotel is lovely and we had a well appointed room. The staff however were not very friendly and we were made to feel unwelcome. The breakfast was expensive but well worth it. The downide was the alley way we used when walking which was poorly lite and a t the end of it we were plagued by drug pushers on the upside there is a fantastic fish and chip shop at the end of the alley!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Amazingly Beautiful Visitors..... ! Was in town for a week of vacation, and decided to see the sites. Beautiful location; walking distance to so many interesting sites and excursions.Check-in very slow, over three hour wait. Staff understanding, but not overly sympathetic. Upon gaining access to my room (suite -- kitchenette, sitting room, king bed, etc...), the first thing that happened was that I walked in to find a stunningly beautiful, naked young 'lady' (early 20s, about 5' 8, it seemed) standing in the middle of the room smiling at me.... I could only stare and say Hello... After a very awkward period, I forced myself to look away, go back out the door and head down to the desk to inquire. With a wry smile, the desk clerk stated that the guest of the prior patron must not quite be finished with the room -- and she suggested that I return later.... now I understood the check-in delay!Upon returning a couple hours later, the room was clean, made-up and empty of the stunning 'guest'. C'est la vie!!! Later, I believe that I saw her picture in one of the table-top 'model' books kept in the room.The stay was without unplanned incident after that. The room and food quite fine. Would do it again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schombo
<Content>Great Stay, Clean, Great Location Just got back from a weeks stay in Amsterdam at the Renaissance and had a great experience. Hotel is a 5 minute walk from the train station and situated on a side street near the Singel canal. Lobby is large and nice, Conciegre was helpful all week, staff was nice and friendly. Location is great, a quitck walk to the tram station the next block over and about 6-8 minutes from dam square. Close enough but not too close to the more crowded parts of the city. Nieuwerk St is a block away providing coffeshops, resteraunts, and sandwitch shops. I got the hotel as part of a proceline package so I can't comment on the rate but the overall package was good for New Years Eve week. Agreed, the hotel is not so european looking but has all the things you expect in a 4-5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Ever Again The room was clean and comfortable and most of the staff were friendly. That's the good news. The bad news: -hidden charges: we were informed that breakfast was not included after we ate the first morning; -arrogant management: I left a note for the manager asking why we were not informed of the breakfast charge earlier, and never received a response; -unhelpful staff: the concierge told me that the hotel did not sell museum passes, although that service had been advertised; -rude bellmen. I personally didn't mind walking a quarter of a mile and taking two elevators to reach a room on the fourth floor, but some elderly patrons may want to think twice.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not Great Stayed here for four nights late October, early November. The location is fine, near Centraal Station, the Jordan, Old Centre. The room was above average, although the bathroom was rather spartan. We asked for our room to be changed after the first night due to the noise from the nightclub and people yelling in an alleyway. The hotel was very accomodating and moved us to a room on a higher floor away from the music (they even moved all of our bags). Didn't eat there, but they serve complimentary coffee and tea in a nice sitting area off the lobby. Except for a large stain the the bed spread and side of the bed, the room was quiet, clean and well appointed. The special guest sevices on the TV (seeing your bill, movies, etc.), did not work, but we weren't interested in them anyway. It's a fine hotel, however, next time I might stay somewhere closer to the museum area, which seemed a little more upscale and charming. P.S., they're also doing a good bit of street repair around the hotel right now, so there is mud (and walking over wooden planks in the street) as well as noise from this.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service This is a case of an opportunity missed.Upon arrival my hopes were high. The hotel is in an excellent location close to the Old City plus the Jordaan etc. The reception was impressive and the rooms are large, but it's when you ask for something the hotel falls down. We had to ask 3 times to be moved to a room with a Queen/King bed from one with 2 singles.The in room entertainment didn't work for our whole stay, (3 Nights) the healthclub is an extra charge, (not expected in a 5 Star hotel!) When we went the Swimming Pool and Sauna were both our of order and then we were charged 8 Euros each for the smallest steam room in the world by the extremely rude receptionist, you expect more from a Hotel claiming to be 5 Star!Finally there is a large nightclub in the basement of the Hotel. We were woken on two nights by booming music and when this issue was raised it was dismissed out of hand as 'we don't own it'!In short I would look for a hotel in the same area but which delivers on more modest claims rather than accept the very poor level of service we received during our stay.Dan  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel albeit a Chain We stayed here for a couple of days in July, just after staying in the Canal House Hotel. The Canal House has loads of charm and I loved it, but the Renaissance is in a great location too. Also, the food is excellent. Although it is a chain hotel, quite frankly, as soon as you walk out the door, there is an infinite amount of Amsterdam Ambience. The Renaissance also has those modern things we sometimes want in a hotel, such as Internet access. It will be a toss up which hotel we stay in the next time we visit Amsterdam, as we were perfectly content in both.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fundog
<Content>The Renaissance Rocked This was a great hotel in a central location. I stayed here over Christmas and the concierge recommended an excellent restaurant for Christmas dinner. The hotel was quiet and the rooms were a decent size. The coffee and teas and fireplace in the lobby were a nice touch.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good comfort but boring   showReview(1153787, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WirralChris
<Content>Chain Charming   showReview(1128875, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Request an Apartment Unit   showReview(1127470, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kodomo
<Content>Nice hotel not nice service   showReview(1120905, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you're looking for chain "charm" in Amsterdam   showReview(1119425, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful weekend!   showReview(1107700, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain for a 5-star   showReview(1031652, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I seriously heart this place   showReview(995981, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(978220, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>8 nights of bliss!!   showReview(860663, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Achtung ! Baustelle !!!!!   showReview(19641260, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nickel   showReview(19641259, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅   showReview(18529921, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel en travaux ! Bon confort, bien situ茅, mais accueil 脿 la r茅ception glacial !   showReview(17438200, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>belle decouverte malgre les travaux en cours   showReview(16597096, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16597081, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres bien situe et tres agreable   showReview(16597082, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent confort   showReview(15568287, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A SELECTIONNER SANS HESITER   showReview(15568286, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous nous attendions 脿 mieux !   showReview(15568284, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s bien pla莽茅 .   showReview(14731354, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(14731353, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel   showReview(13975381, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓ぎ椐呫亱銈夋銇勩仸銇欍亹銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19168517, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A noter, sans r茅el enthousiasme !   showReview(13195430, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PepeMF
<Content>Muy centrico pero pesima conservaci贸n de habitacionesy limpieza escasa       radiador de calefacci贸n roto  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>Guest-Club
<Content>Simple,efficace un hotel digne de son groupe!   showReview(10843924, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel a reserver les yeux ferm茅s   showReview(11310429, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s contents   showReview(11658500, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moyen   showReview(11658498, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Babylone54
<Content>Bien plac茅 mais pas aux normes Marriott   showReview(8433532, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne situation et bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11449593, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅cevant. 5 茅toiles bien situ茅 mais tr猫s tr猫s bruyant.   showReview(11394741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>杩疯矾銇倛銇嗐仾寤婁笅銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19160430, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偆銉夈儢銉冦偗銇伅銆岄珮...   showReview(21802232, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偗銈ㄣ偣銉堛倰瑕嬨仸銇勩仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158928, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆愩偄銈偦銈广€戜腑澶銇?..   showReview(21801645, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愭銈堛亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19158321, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

