<Author>Sankei
<Content>A great sanctuary in the heart of the city       Our excellent drying room in use  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>country_hop
<Content>Quite a good stay The greeting and check-in process at the front counter was very efficient. They spoke good english and were very helpful. Checkin is not till 1pm so we left our luggage with them and returned later. The room was small but I guess we were prepared for that in Japan - and did not matter so much as we only stayed one night. The room was long and narrow and VERY clean. There is a nice lounge up on the higher floors from where you get a lovely view of the city at night. This closes at 11pm though. Good security at the lobby so feels safe - although I found Japan to be quite safe generally.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>gALinT
<Content>Poor Reservation Service Just want to share with all the experience I had when trying to make a reservation with this apartment. Having read all the good reviews here, I am really looking forward to stay at this apartment. I started enquirying in nov and patiently wait for a positive reply from them as i was informed that the standard policy is 1 month stay and they cannot confirm my stay at that point of time. On 29 Dec 2008, i recieved an email from the staff informing that they can accept my reservation to check in 26 Jan and check out on 1Feb 2009. They gave me up to 5 Jan 2009 before they will reIease the room. I immediately sent the details of my occupants details over. In the afternoon, the staff call me asking for the lessee name before she can confim my reservation and i told her that i will confirm it over the email later. However, i gave her my credit card information over the phone so that she can proceed with my booking. She later sent an email to inform that she can only confim my reservation (for 26 Jan-1Feb) only if i can confirm my lessee details. In my reply to her, i gave her my lessee details and at the same time enquire if i could check out on the 29 Jan to make a 2 day 1 night trip to Hakone. And her reply was that if i have less than 7 night stay she would have to offer to the next customer in line. I email her today to infom her that im willing to take up her original offer which was to check on 26 Jan check out 1 Feb as i decided not to go to hakone. However, they refuse to honor the original offer which was offered on 29 Dec 08 saying that they have to offer to the next customer in line who have more than 7 day stay. And i was only informed abt the more than 7 days policy on the 30 dec 2008 after giving my credit card information on 29 Dec 08 to them. To me, this is really unethical. How can they make an offer, take my credit number and subsequently tell me that the offer period did not meet their company policy of 7 nights and put me back in the waiting list again. If it is against their policy, they should not even ask me to call back 2 week later to check if ithe room is avaliable. It seem to me they are just using delaying tatic to wait for the big fish to come in. For people who is in the same situation as me patiently waiting for them to confim the reservation, my advise is don't take the risk as they can back out on their offer if the next enquiry is a big fish. They may just tell you it is a mistake and against their company policy and put you back in the waiting list.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotter-ette
<Content>Excellent value and outstanding location We stayed at Oakwood Apartments Shinjuku for 3 nights in November 2008. Oakwood Apartments offer excellent value for money and are located in what is probably the best area of Tokyo. Rooms are new, stylish and while small (japanese style), really have everything you need (fully equipped kitchen, washing machine). In addition, the front desk staff is very helpful, offering great concierge services. What we liked:# Excellent value for money# Excellent location. Oakwood Apartments Shinjuku are located in - as the name indicates - in Shinjuku, which is probably the best base to explore Tokyo. The Apartments are about 10 minutes walk from the Shinjuku station (and drop off/pick up point for the Narita Express). There are a lot of restaurants, shops and malls nearby. # Very good front desk staff. Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. They helped us plan our three days in Tokyo, get our heads around the (really very easy, extremely reliable and clean/safe) public transport.# Great rooms. Rooms are very small (no false hopes) but they have everything you need (fully equipped kitchen, washing machine ) and on top they are brand new and very stylishly decorated.# Great facilities. Facilities include two free internet terminals, gym, onsen and an breathtaking rooftop bar (self-service).What we didnt like:There really wasnt anything we didnt like. Japanese rooms are small, we knew that. Maybe the printing felt a bit like a rip-off (30USD for 80 pages). Apart from that, excellent and I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Tokyo.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>soulbiker
<Content>Oakwood is better than the Sheraton! We were recommended Oakwood Shinjuku by a friend and must say it was excellent. It cost us a third less than the Sheraton at Tokyo Disney yet was superior and really spoilt us on space!!Very friendly and helpful front desk staff, esp the men tho the women were less so.Location is fabulously central, not only in terms of proximity to Shinjuku station but also all the eateries and convenience stores surrounding the property, not to mention a great little fruit store a 5-min walk away. We took the 2bdrm unit and must point out that the master is cleverly situated on the inside of the unit, unlike the 2nd room with a window. The centrality obviously has its downside as you can hear the constant rattling of the trains, not to mention traffic and the occasional siren. Light sleepers must sleep in the master bdroom!Very comfortable otherwise, down to the heated flooring in the kitchen, heated loo seats and heated shower room. Furnishing was partially Ikea but in excellent condition. Looked smart enough.We were surprised to discover that serviced meant only partially so since the flat was cleaned only twice a week. Beware to all the messy people who hate picking up after themselves!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>YKim
<Content>Not really a hotel. We booked two 2bedroom apartments for our party of 8. We stayed a total of 8nights.We had a 2bedroom standard and a 2bedroom executive. Not much difference between the two. The two bedroom apartment is about 1500yen more per night, just a little bigger in size and has 3televisions. the two bedroom standard has only one television. I would book the two bedroom standard as it is good size for 4 people and we weren't in Japan to watch television anyway.As other reviewers have already mentioned, the apartment only offers cleaning twice a week but there is a washer cum dryer in the room to wash your clothes and towels. There were about 8 bath towels for 4people anyway and we only needed to wash our towels once before the next cleaning.They only provide 2 satchels of soap powder and one small bottle each of shampoo. bath gel and body lotion so do bring your own or buy some from the convenience store opposite if you are staying longer.Internet access in the room is chargeable at about 350yen per day and about 1500yen per week if you have your own laptop but there are two complimentary computer terminals in basement 1 for guests' usage up to 30mins per time.One thing to note is you are issued with one key and one card to gain access into the building and the room but you can request for two sets of each if you need to.Please take care of both the card and the key. Most people would think that its okay to keep the cards from hotels as a souvenir but Oakwood requests that you return the cards and keys when you check out. We lost one card and were charged 2500yen for the card.This is not stated in the contract and we were quite taken aback when we were asked to pay for it. Don't know what the penalty is if you lost the key though.Please take care of both the room keys and cards.All in all, I would say that it is a good accommodation choice, big well kept units and the family can all stay together.Washer is really useful and we love the self drying toilet that dries your clothes over night so you can pack light and make room for more shopping.There is only one toilet and bath though so you need to stagger your time to use them. Need to wake up early for our Hakone trip as we have to catch the 7.30am train.Would stay at this apartment again mainly because of its size, value for money as compared to two smaller hotel rooms and its own washer/dryer.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Taipeiworldlywise
<Content>best value in Tokyo I can't say enough good things about Oakwood. I used to live in Tokyo and it was great value. sure it's a bit smaller than probably what N. Americans are used to but it's a great use of space. location: ideal though i always get lost in Shinjukukitchen: fully stocked--great for longer staybar: self serve bar on the top floor--great view from therestaff: great, very helpful  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nvls
<Content>money well spent We booked here based on other reviews and the great rate we got (Autumn special 13125 JPY net). It was 1000JPY less than other hotels but we got so much more! For a small space, it has lots of storage (the headboard can fit luggage). I travelled with my husband and 4 year old daughter and we all fit comfortably on the bed.Upon arrival, we immediately used the washing machine. The bathroom drier worked great. We hung our laundry at night and when we woke up in the morning, all our clothes were ready to use. We also brought our own oatmeal so we cooked our breakfast every morning (saved tons of money as food is really expensive). The kitchenette was complete with pots, pans, utensils, etc. You also get 2 free bottles of water.If you'll stay a long time, bring your own toiletries as they don't replenish what's initially given. They also provide 2 sachets of detergent (one sachet per load) so bring your own if you plan to do laundry everyday. We were able to pack light because we just kept washing our clothes. We also used the gym almost daily. Also, check out the view from the lounge. You can see some of Mt. Fuji in the daytime and the Tokyo skyline at night.After a long day of sight seeing, the bathtub was great! Because it's small, you can soak up to your neck. We just press the auto fill as soon as we walk in and the tub is ready in ten minutes,The staff was super helpful and friendly. They assisted us in buying Cirque du Soleil tickets (I couldn't do it online because it's all in Japanese), helped us figure out the trains and daily itinerary and booked my limo bus service going home The Japanese are so organized, helpful and respectful.The apartment is away from the busy part of town but it's near several convenience stores. There's also a travelex nearby to exchange currency. We wish Oakwood have foreign exchange because we arrived close to midnight so the travelex was closed and we had no yen. Good thing the convenience store accepted visa so we could buy our dinner.We also brought our own laptop so to activate the internet in room was a small additional charge.Our room was street facing so it was a little noisy at night. We could hear the ambulances as the apartment is close to a health center and we slept with the sliding door open. But if you close the sliding door, it shuts out the noise pretty well.Oakwood is around 40 mins away from disney by train, 80 mins from airport with traffic, 1 hour away if none. You can get to any part of Tokyo from Shinjuku station.Staying at Oakwood was one of the best parts of our stay in Tokyo. It's the first time we stayed in a service apartment instead of a hotel and based on this experience, we're likely to do it again. Tokyo is expensive but this is definitely money well spent.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bayarea123
<Content>Brilliant value, good location We had a really good rate here and stayed for a week. It's located very close to the Shinjuku-nishiguchi subway stop (about a 3 minute walk) and about 10 minutes to the west side of Shinjuku station. If you are planning to take trips outside of Tokyo, being near Shinjuku is very convenient. And of course, as long as you are close to a station, everything is pretty easy to get.The apartment itself was very compact. We had a studio and it's good for up to 2 people. Not more. The amenities are great - fridge, microwave, hotpot, stovetop, toaster, utensils, bowls, plates, nice TV, washer, etc. I didn't mind that they didn't clean more than 2x a week. They have 2 computers in the basement - very convenient. They loaned umbrellas. All in all, I highly recommend this place and would stay here again when I'm in Tokyo.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>dcp772000
<Content>Little gem in Tokyo!! For me this is the ideal city accomodation, but mind that these are serviced apartments, not a hotel.Positives:- brand new buliding and furniture- spot on in the middle of Shinjuku, one of the places to be in Tokyo- a few hundred meters from the train and subway station- surrounded by bar, restaurants, shops, ...- nice 33rd floor lounge with free hot drinks and nice views- free internet in the lobby- spotless clean- if the above are not enough, in the small rooms (do not forget that you are in japan) they managed to fit: Bose radio, DVD, big flatscreen TV, kitchinette with brand new soap and sponge, microwawe, mini oven, big fridge, washing machine/drier, iron, bathrobe, slippers, safe, japanese toilet with bidet, various toiletries, welcome snacks and teas, weight, rice cooker...Negatives:- none, but mind that you are in Japan and everything is very compactI just hope Oakwood is going to open more of this sort of accomodations. For the price I have paid for I could not have afforded a Travelodge in London!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amatoje
<Content>Loved the location! My boyfriend and I stayed here in this hotel for the 1st four nights of our 2-week trip. It was a great way to start the trip. Everyone speaks English in the hotel and are helpful about where to go (fyi - you get $ out at 7-11 stores). It's a very nice hotel - and don't be freaked out when they ask you to sign a lease and then cancel it with the next sheet of paper. It's officially an apartment building - not a hotel. So that's why you need to sign the lease, then break it.It's in a great, central location. Nightlife is great in the area too. We couldn't think of anything we did not like. Well...the washer/dryer in room didn't wash a lot of clothes at a time and dry well. Other than that, it was fantastic!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>littlenezumi
<Content>Fantastic Service       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kimncris
<Content>Oakwood was perfect!       outside  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EXgeMMy
<Content>The reviews don't lie       Kitchen  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyTourist1
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Location We stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment for our 6 day stay in Tokyo. The Oakwood was absolutely brilliant. The apartment was set out very well. The kitchen is brilliant and the separate wetroom/bathroom is excellent. The front desk staff are very nice and greated us by name whenever we left/entered the building.The 32nd floor is available to sit and relax, complete with an honesty bar with wine, beer, softdrinks and snacks. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.For anyone who is worried about staying in a serviced apartment in a foreign country - there is a security guard in the lobby from 5pm until about 7am, there are at least 2 front desk staff 24 hours a day/7 days per week, you have to swipe your key to get into the reception and then again to get into the elevator room, the staff speak brilliant fluent English and the hotel is in a very safe residential area of Shinjuku.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aahua
<Content>Awesome Place! First of all, THANK YOU to everyone that recommended Oakwood in their reviews. I highly recommend Oakwood Shinjuku for anyone staying for more than a few days. We stayed in a Studio, which is not very big, but everything is so well organized, you don't feel too cramped. If you're staying for only a few days, you probably won't appreciate the niceties of this facility. After sightseeing all day, we didn't feel like eating out, so we bought a sampling of food from the Keio Dept. Store Food Court (Lots of variety of food to choose from), and brought it back. Nicety no. 1 - actual silverware and nice plates available to eat from. Nicety no. 2 - Refrigerator, put leftovers there and had later. Nicety no. 3 - Microwave, heated up food whenever hungry. Packing light to Japan is highly recommended because most people lug their bags around - so Nicety no. 4 - washer/dryer. Granted it takes like 4 hours, but better then nothing, plus it's free, and they give you soap, need more? ask front desk.When I read other reviews, didn't think I would actually take a bath, but i did, and let me tell you, it's nothing fancy, but after a long day of walking around, soaking the sore muscles was like heaven.I am definately going to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>fleurr
<Content>best deal in tokyo! Like many of the other reviewers it was thanks to the rave reviews on here that I booked the oakwood apartments in shinjuku...and it was one of the best decisions of our trip!I got a fantastic rate of $150AUD per night on expedia and given the price had only medium expectations of a decent place to rest our heads at the end of the day...but got so much more!The hotel was an easy 6 minute walk(and I walk fairly slowly!) from shinjuku station and was surrounded by plenty of food and stacks of convenience stores...family mart directly across the road was the best!on the 6 min walk from shinjuku there was both freshness and mos burger,tonkatsu, ramen and everything else you can imagine to eat.Piss alley is also on the way back to the station(as you get to the big intersection crossing on your way back to shinjuku station it's just on your left on the station side)...had a little trouble finding the hotel due to shinjuku station just being so massive!basically you want the odakyu department store west exit then it's a 6 minute straight walk to the hotel but if in any doubt you are better off finding your way to the street level and looking for the epson sign...that's the street you want to walk down!trying to understand the underground maze of shinjuku can be really difficult!The hotel itself was amazing....fantastic value, perfect polite service and the room was more than you could ask for.Kitchenette, plasma tv, awesome japanese toilet, balcony and a shower ROOM.if you can master the control panel there's clever little features like drying out the shower room to dry your towels etc...cleaning is only twice a week but that wasn't a problem for us.There's also a piano bar on the top level(make sure you bring the card key!) with amazing views over tokyo.Tokyo itself was one of the best experiences of my life...be sure to check out the takashimaya times square food level over the other side of the station(in the same complex as tokyu hands...best shopping ever!)...it was an absolute highlight.it Even had a maisen tonkatsu take away outlet!There is no way I will be staying anywhere else next time i'm in Tokyo!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Smashing2
<Content>A home better than home       It's as small as it looks, but quite comfy  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeBe88
<Content>Beautiful, Clean  I stayed in this apartment for 8 nights. The apartment is clean, well equip with all cooking facilities. Nice view, near to station, food everywhere.The only dissapointment we encountered were: the sales manager was kind of rude. but the customer service were great, very helpful. And the house keeping cleans the apartment only twice a week, and did not manage to clean everything properly.Other than the 2 points above, I think, this apartment is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>JohnCLuke
<Content>It's all true - this is truly one of the best in Tokyo! Having both lived in Japan as well as visited as a tourist on occassion, I was resigned to the usual run of the mill western style hotels - painfully small rooms, drab lighting, dated furnishings, unimaginative decor and non-existent facilities. Hence, it was with a pinch of skepticism when I read the gushing reviews here at traveladvisor - it all seemed too good to be true, surely! After a recent stay of 8 nights at the Shinjuku Oakwood, I must say - do yourself a favour and get your booking done as early as possible! The people at Oakwood deserve the awards and accolades rightfully heaped onto them.The details of Oakwood's positives have been espoused over and over by swooning reviewers and I gladly join in the applause with the observation that the essential ingredients of design, thought, care, commitment and courtesy have blended effortlessly to make wonderful memories at a universally viewed great hotel with a jaw dropping price, which makes you wonder how do they do it?I must add I'm not usually that easy to please - and there are some points to be aware of, for particularly fussy travellers ie. the studio bed is designed strictly for couples unless you have no problems spooning with your room-mate, as there simply isn't enough room - the bed design is as it was a day bed with two of the sides boxed in; this is a serviced apartment and not a hotel which some staff will repeatedly emphasise and hence housekeeping only comes in twice a week, no replenishment of coffee and tea bags, and extra toiletries are chargeable; there are no in-house catering facilities for those used to ringing up for room service or shuffling downstairs to the lobby for a quick bite; it is a least a 10 min walk to Shinjuku station which is the centre of action in Shinjuku, although it must be said the immediate neighbourhood, although not striking, has it's local conveniences; there are at least 3 train lines that run past the back so those with light sleeping habits may want to request for rooms facing the front.These grievances are of course minor when the Oakwood just keeps giving and giving back to their guests. The glamorous ground floor decor, plush lobby sofas, cascading water features signal that this is no mere service apartment. The little gadgets, gizmos, art pieces, nifty storage compartments, complimentary washing powder, fully operational kitchenette, extra towels, handphone rental, free use of umbrellas, adapters etc - they have thought of it way before you have even asked for it.What more can I say - just go and do yourself a favour.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sigosling
<Content>Modern hotel/apartments in a fantastic location       The gym  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reptar20c
<Content>Perfect machines for living in Who was it who said a house is a machine for living in? This is a building full of them. In a way I could understand someone being disappointed by these rooms: they're seriously small (although the family-sized rooms I've seen described here are probably very different), and the compromise between western and Japanese sensibilities is extremely well thought out, much more so than typical western business hotels in Japan, but occasionally still a little odd.I don't want to give the impression that this is some sort of capsule hotel: the rooms are proper, normal hotel rooms. But you can expect an experience a little like a submarine galley: a single corridor with bathroom on one side, kitchenette and laundry facilities on the other, opening onto a living area that again has a desk and television on one wall, and a bed and closet on the other. Someone spent a lot of time with some cut-out pieces of paper to fit all this stuff together.But for what I want when I'm travelling for work, or on holiday, these rooms are brilliant. Come in for the night, switch on the autobath (yep, an bath that fills to your preferred depth and temperature and keeps it there as long as you like, with a bit of programming), throw something in the microwave, throw your clothes in the wash, and hit the couch/bed. Cable internet is right at the desk, the TV is right above, there's plenty of cupboard room, and no wasted space whatsoever.And if you want to chill out, the sky lounge with the honour-system minibar, is truly as stunning as the other reviews indicate: I can't think of anything like it in Tokyo that doesn't involve a four-figure-per-night brand name.I'm a fan. :)[A house is a machine for living in -- Le Corbusier, 1923]  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShortFatUgly
<Content>Lovely place, great location Booked my stay via the oakwood website - stayed in the 3 bedroom suite, total 4 adults and 1 infant.The 3 bedroom suite had 2 king size bedrooms, and a smaller bedroom with a single bed, all in probably suitable for 5 adults. Separate common toilet and bathroom along the corridor, combined living and dining room, and a decent sized kitchen. All in, probably bigger than a hotel room of the same size. Location wise, this property is probably a 5 min walk northwest of the Shinjuku station, which is great for taking trains to the rest of Tokyo. Shinjuku itself offers loads of restaurants, shopping and entertainment, more shopping just a few minutes away by train at harajuku and Shibuya. Ginza and Asakusa are probably close to half an hour by train.Staff are courteous and helpful, typical of most Japanese establishments, and they do speak pretty good English.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CanuckKnight
<Content>Best place we stayed at in Japan We rented 2 - 2 bedroom apartments for 8 nights. It was the best accomodations we had in our 3 week trip to Japan. It was a good location and easy access to the subway. Very clean and modern. Quite spacious and had all the amenties you would ever need ranging from full kitchen to pant press. We paid ~$265Cdn per night per room (tax included)which I found quite reasonable.Each bedroom had a double bed that fit 2 people and there was a large L shaped sofa that could accomodate another person or 2 small children.Large grocery store about a 1 1/2 blocks from the apartment and a lot of small noodle places close by make it very convenient whether you want to cook or eat out. Would recommend this place for familes.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sooroo_01
<Content>The ultimate urban studio I was thoroughly impressed with the Oakwood Shinjuku, where I spent 6 nights on a work trip in March 2008. I booked here entirely based on tripadvisor reviews, and I was not disappointed.My studio apartment was beautifully appointed - funky, minimalist, but very comfortable. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the room came with many nice touches - including a Bose sound system. The kitchen was more than ample, and the shower was fantastic. The service was excellent throughout, the staff were extremely helpful. The little lounge on the top floor (the 'Sky Lounge') was a particularly nice touch, with wonderful views over Tokyo, and a self-service bar. Since I was there on a work trip, I appreciated also the fast and reliable internet connection in the room.The location is great - right in the heart of buzzy Shinjuku, with excellent subway links to anywhere you need to get to. There are many shops, bars, and restaurants nearby - indeed you're spoiled for choice!When I booked, I was informed that usually they only take bookings for a minimum of a month's stay, but perhaps they were not full at the time of my stay, and they were happy enough to give it to me for 6 nights. This is a real find, and great value for money. I will certainly stay there again when next I visit the fabulous city of Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AA21
<Content>Simply Amazing       Studio apartment  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishRach
<Content>Great location, price and facilities If you are looking for something more than a hotel in Tokyo then stay here. Brand new, all mod cons and great facilites in a perfect location. What more could you want?!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jasMine1978
<Content>A place i never forget .. Must try       thermostat for ventilation inside toilet  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>chris75015
<Content>A very good deal a few steps away from Shinjuku Station. Located within a 10 minute walk from Shinjuku Station, in a busy street with many restaurants and convenience stores, this brand new and sparkingly clean unit features a small spa (sento), and a gym.Rooms are rather small, but they are quiet in spite of the busy location and offer the latest and state-of-the-art Japanese technology, cooking facilities, washer / drier, automatic washlets, etc... Wether on business or on a vacation, I would highly recommend this place for anyone seeking an afordable stay in the heart of Shinkuku (I paid 65 鈧?per night in July - August 2008).NB : if you are arriving from Narita Airport, take the Limousine buses (3000 yens one way - 120 minutes), get off at Shinjuku Station, then continue along the main road for about 10 minutes to reach the Oakwood residence.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>runitloveit
<Content>Safe and comfortable I stayed at Oakwood Shinjuku for 4 nights in July and it was fantastic. It is very easy to find, I walked up from Shinjuku station after catching the bus from Narita, just follow the map they provide, there are street maps along the way as well.The room was small but perfectly fitted out with a flat screen TV and cable channels, Bose stereo, washing machine etc. The bathroom had a setting so you could hang up and dry your clothes. The bed in the studio room was a small double - large enough for one person but it would be a squeeze for two.My room on the 11th floor was completely soundproof and I was not troubled by any internal or external noise.I travelled as a single female and felt completely safe in the building and surrounding area.I used the free gym, there are treadmills, free weights and exercise bikes. I also used the Sento baths (separated for males and females) which was 525 Yen for 24 hour use. The Sento was clean and relaxing, and I was the only person using it both times.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thanard
<Content>5 Stars Apartment ***** We stayed at Oakwood Shinjuku for 4 nights in an executive 2 bedrooms. The room was very spacious. We are a family of 5 - 3 adults, 1 six years old and a toddler. The kitchen is equipped with all the kitchen utensils. The room has DVD and BOSE cd player.It's just like being at home. We were so spoiled to stay at Oakwood at the first nights of our stay. It made Sheraton Grand at Disney and a Kyoto Ryokan seem so small. The nearest metro is Shinjuku nishikuchi but the apartment is quite far from Shinjuku station where all the shops are. There are a lot of eating places and convenient stores near by.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Roswell_GaBraves_fan
<Content>Mostly excellent experience My son (18) and I stayed here the last four nights of our two-week leisure trip to Japan based on Trip Advisor and mostly, we were very pleased.The main negative about the experience is that I thought I had booked a two-bed apt. and it turned out to have only one bed. If I ever return to Japan I will be very careful about beds- it's not always clear in the reservation. They didn't have any 2-beds available, so they provided comforters and extra bed linens, although in the final analysis, my son still had to sleep on the floor 4 nights. Their only other offer was to rent an additional room (on another floor) which was not in my budget.Good things - staff speaks English, in fact most business is conducted in English, location is near Shinjuku subway/train station, rooms are very high tech-we counted 9 control panels to operate everything from intercom to hot water heater, bed was very confortable, huge wall-mounted Sharp HD tv with tons of cable channels ranging from the 24/7 Samurai channel (I LOVED it) , all the Tokyo baseball games, and English language CNN and BBC.Bad things - since it's an apartment and not a hotel, housekeeping only comes twice per week. By Thurs, our apt was in desperate need- rainy season and cramped quarters added to the dirt, Size of apt is extremely small considering there's a kitchen and bathroom in the spaceAbout the Shinjuku area of Tokyo...It's a subcity of skyscrapers and commuters. Very lively but far from the touristy part of Tokyo. Fortunately we had done our sightseeing the first two days of the trip. We were in Tokyo for the second time. So we explored all the dept. stores and liked Takashimaya best. We cooked in the apartment, which allowed us to save. The price of groceries is a lot less than eating out. We also took the train to Akihabara one day. Saw very few westerners which added to our cultural experience of Japan.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stephen_Lee
<Content>Excellent!! Highly recommend!! I read many good comments on this hotel here. So I decided to book it. Now I can say, there is no fake comment here for sure!!Just come back from Japan. We have stayed 3 nights in Oakwood apartment Shinjuku. Originally I thought we had to walk far away from JR shinjuku station. But I was wrong. We have only walked along the main street and arrived there easily, within 10mins(for slow speed walking). No need to go there by taxi.The staffs at front desk speak fluently English, even better than me. Communication is not a barrier.The room is tiny, but it is no doubt in Tokyo as the land value is extremly high. So I have no complaint on this. The hotel is very new. The facilities in the room is amazing! We have washed our clothes every night as there is a washing machine inside the room. Besides, there are DVD player, Hi-Fi, LCD TV, microwave oven and even rice cooker! We were arranged to stay on 13/F, very quiet. The soundproof is very good. I have never hear any sound from other rooms. The hotel has no restaurant. But it is ok to me as I prefer to dine out, and many restaurants just nearby. 2 computers provide 24-hour internet access service on b1 floor, free of charge.The price is not high, even lower than many many other hotel in shinjuku. I have to paid only about US$100 for a double bed room per night.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OceanSkyBeach
<Content>Beautiful Apartment We managed to get an 87 square metre 3 bedroom apartment on the 26th floor with an incredible view over half of Tokyo for 3 nights at only AU$315 a night. I had to wait until 2 weeks before we needed it and then email to ask for a vacancy. I had 2 hotel rooms reserved in case we couldn't get an apartment, and they would have cost over $500 per night for the 2 of them (Century Southern Tower), so getting this apartment saved us quite a bit of money.Yes, the noise from the railway lines does go on late into the night and start up early the next morning. I'm a light sleeper and without my earplugs Iwouldn't have been able to sleep. Everyone else slept fine as noise doesn't worry them. My advice would be to take earplugs with you if you're a light sleeper - I always use them when travelling. I also turned the air-con down low so I could pull the doona up over my ears and not get too hot.The apartment itself was absolutely beautiful. It had so many hi tech gadgets though that we had to spend a while working out how to use them. There is a book with instructions in English for most things if you have the patience to read it. We accidentally set off the fire alarm whilst trying to use the intercom, so you have to be careful what buttons you press.There was only one bathroom, but at least the toilet was separate which was a necessity for 4 people. The furnishings were very high quality - lots of thick, fluffy white towels, a really comfortable bed etc. We had a queen size bed in one bedroom, a double in another and a single in the third. There were also 3 huge flatscreen TVs, 2 of them in bedrooms. It's a bit of a walk from Shinjuku Station, especially when it's hot and you've been walking around for hours beforehand. if necessary you can take a taxi for $7 which we did when we had luggage with us, but it isn't really necessary.Our 17 year old son had been wanting to find a good gym the whole trip and finally did at the Oakwood. Ididn't see it but he said it was good. We used the washing machine but couldn't get the dryer function to work properly. We ended up putting the washing into the coin dryer in the basement. Maybe we just weren't pressing the right buttons or something.There are several convenience stores and restaurants not too far away. We ended our trip in Tokyo and this was a memorable place to stay in for our last 3 nights. I would highly recommend the 3 bedroom apartments here to any group or family wanting a nice apartment stay in Tokyo.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JohnLeeC
<Content>great location, great value!       view from the 2nd window in the flat  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tommy1_d
<Content>Odd design Stayed in a studio there for 5 nights. This is a strange place : everything has been made with an obvious effort to target an upscale market : flat screen TV, DVD player, multiple cushions on the bed, fancy bathroom.But it seems like there wasn't any money left for soundproofing... The hotel is next to at least 3 major train lines, forget about sleeping before 2am or after 5am if you are a light sleeper. Also, the kitchen is quite nicely made with all the needed amenities, but there is no table or counter to serve as a dining area. Lastly, they rent out a room for 2 with a semi-double bed, this is only going to work out for slim individuals unless someone is willing to sleep on the floor.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	2	4	

<Author>Glabbo
<Content>Amazing value Amazing value. Great location. Studio room is more spacious than you would think. Quality of rooms is great, and has all facilities you require. Sky lounge on top floor is also great!Already booking my next stay :)  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hainult
<Content>A home away from home       Entrance to Oakwood  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jippybeale
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic       Oakwood Apartments, Shinjuku  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oribie
<Content>The best alternative to Hotel I used to live in Tokyo so I didn't really want to stay in a hotel now that I was going back as a tourist.I came accross this aparment from reading review on Trip Advisor.You can book it through some online travel sites but if you contact Oakwood directly you can get a cheaper rate.The place was easier to find and closer to Shinjuku station than first thought. It is an impecable , modern block of apartments mostly for foreign business man and there family, so you are expected to behave corretly.The staff speak excelent english. There is a nice lounge, one with sofas, the other looks more like a cafe with 2 PCs hooked up to the internet. There is also a Gym with a Sento and even a music room! Let's not forget the piano bar on the top floor.The apartment was small but ultra-modern. You can fill your bath remotely just by the touch of a botton. The bath has also a self dry option and can dry your wet clothes too.There is all you need, equipped kitchen, big flat screen, all very modern. Just not much room to move.Finally, our room was overlooking both shinjuku and okubo station so you a constant background noise that stops only for a couple of hours at night. That's Tokyo for you!Great place if you are traveling alone ! Specially for business.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Chicag007
<Content>Best deal in Tokyo Good locationExcellent building and roomCompact but complete--you get everything from a Bose radio to a washer/dryerWe stayed four super days  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevhn
<Content>Best Deal in Town, No Doubt! This has to be the best deal in Tokyo. We paid about 115 Yen per night, that's including tax. That's nothing compared to any other hotel that is close to the action like the Oakwood apartment is. Only a short walk to the Shinjuku train, subway, and bus station. The hotel is right near all the action, with tons of restaurants and convenience stores closeby. The room is small, but very functional and nice. We never used the kitchen, but the washer dryer combo was great. The gym was excellent.The front desk folks also are very helpful. It's nice that they speak fluent English, since most locals don't. Proved very helpful when sightseeing around Tokyo.Everything you read about this is true. My wife and I plan to stay here again on our next visit.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Urban3000
<Content>A great place to stay! Stayed at this property for 8 nights in late March-early April in a 2-bedroom apartment and was really impressed. For far less than we could have paid for a deluxe hotel room, we had a large apartment with a full-size living/dining area, large bedroom, kitchen and amazing bathroom! The second bedroom was compact and there was no second bathroom.All the fittings were new, three TV鈥檚 (although we had a bit of trouble with the multiple remotes!), heated floors, etc etc which you also get in the studios 鈥?but the best thing was the space!Check-in and out was easy and the staff were always friendly, polite and helpful. The skylounge is nice, so is the library area, and it was great having free internet access at two terminals in the basement lounge area.The apartments are in a convenient location, close to Shinjuku and other metro and JR stations. Shinjuku station is about 15 mins away 鈥?it鈥檚 not a long walk but you have to negotiate a couple of busy intersections. It鈥檚 also close to department stores, convenience stores and a vast array of dining choices.One downside which has been mentioned by others is the train lines 鈥?it can get a bit noisy, even at night. Also, not many taxi drivers seemed to know it, so it made for some interesting trips :-) Given the popularity of the place, it would also be great if the airport bus made a stop there. We really enjoyed our stay at the Oakwood and would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending the place to others or staying there again. It鈥檚 worth trying for a 1 or 2 bedroom apartment just for the extra space.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vincent1568
<Content>great apartment       entrance  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tacitvs
<Content>Loved Oakwood Apartments and would stay here again.       Our apartment in Shinjuku for 6 nights.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wpaek
<Content>Agree mostly with other positive reviews I don't have much to add from previous reviews. The Hotel/apartment is excellent value. The staff is great (they mailed my lost keys and cell phone back to US). The lounge is fantastic and is even better since you help yourself to a self service bar without costing you an arm and a leg. I can't say enough about properties that has refrigerator you can stock and in room washer/dryer.One minor point. The premise is located near the Shinjuku station with trains coming in late into nights. We had a room facing the tracks and even on the 20th floor, the noise was evident. Maybe request for street side (west facing) room.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>andrez
<Content>Highly Recommended! Excellent Service! We stayed here in March 2008. I actually came across this hotel through the trip advisor website. For Tokyo, this hotel is priced at the bargain rate of 120Y per night. At that rate, we were worried that it would be subpar, but were pleasantly surprised at how central and amazing our hotel was. Since it is an apartment style hotel, we had our own kitchen complete with stove and rice cooker. We had a washer and dryer. The room had a 32 lcd screen, dvd player and bose sound system. The hotel is super clean! Cleaning staff came in every two days. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. Free internet access is also available. I will definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I come back to Tokyo. Oakwood apartments left such a good impression on us about the city of Tokyo and its people.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolaborro
<Content>Excellent value for money in the heart of Tokyo I would strongly recommend these appartments to anyone staying in Tokyo. The building is located in the Shinjuku area. Shinjuku is the business district, where all the high rise buildings are. It is very central and within very easy reach to all the main tourist attractions and direct trains to Narita Airport. The area is flooding with shops and restaurants. You can get appartments of all sizes, we went for the studios because they were the cheapest option. We paid 13,500 yen (about 拢65) per night, we stayed there 5 nights. The studios were not very big but we found the size to be adequate for a couple since the space has been very well used. They are equipped with one queen size bed so if you are both large you may want to enquire as to the size of beds offered in bigger appartments. The appartments are new and look impecable on the outside and inside. They have a small kichenette area, a bathroom with a separate shower room with a small bath. The kitchen is very well equipped with a little oven/grill, all type of pots, pans, plates cuttlery, mugs, microwave oven, filter coffee machine with complimentary coffee and milk. There is a washing machine with dryer and complimentary washing detergent which came in very handy. The bathroom is full of gadgets, it has one of those heated toilet seats with lots of little buttons that fuction as a bidet, etc. There are also some wall panel controlls that allow you to program the bath to run at a particular time, and to keep the water warm at a certain temperatrure, there are also controls, to warm the bathroom, to dry it and I don't remember what else. The bathroom is equipped with plenty of towels and complimentary toiletries, like, combe, toothbrush and toothpaste, shampoo, shower gel, moisturising lotion. cotton buds, cotton pads, soap and even a little sawing kit with miniature scissors! The studio room has ample fittle wardrobes with bathrobes and slippers as well as DVD player, radio, wireless telephone and a flat screen plasma TV with Japanese as well as other English cable channels. Compared to the prices that we paid in other types of acommodation in Japan, we found these little appartments to be an absolute bargain.I believe the property also has other facilities like gym but we didn't use those.The building has 32 floors and on the top one there is a beautiful lounge room with sofas and amazing views of Tokyo.Their staff are very helpful and as soon as you arrive they provide you with excellent maps of the area, the trains and the subway in Tokyo, in fact much better maps than the ones we found at the tourist office! Their customer service is excellent, they speak perfect English to native level and in the middle of our stay I even got a call from one of their customer service people to check that everything was ok.Booking the accommodation was fairly easy. You neet to fax them your credit card details but they are very fast so you can get everything organised very quickly.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sc0tti
<Content>Amazing Apartments We stayed at the Oakwood Apartments for 5 nights from the 13th Feb 08 and it was fantastic. The studio apartment was small but perfectly formed with everything we needed. The piano bar had the most amazing views and was nice and peaceful when we were there so you could relax with a glass of wine and enjoy being in Tokyo. There was a great little 24 hour Deli across for the road from the apartments where you can pick up food and drink if required and the prices were very reasonable. We will be back to Tokyo soon I hope and we will be staying at the Oakwood Apartments, it is one of the best places we have stayed and would recommend you go and stay there. Tokyo Rocks!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>brighton42
<Content>A great way to start your stay in Japan We stayed there for 4 nights and had a great time. There is a private bar at the 32nd floor with a great view over Tokyo. The staff is more than helpful and helped us book our accomodation in Tokashiki.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>siminnyc
<Content>Amazing Accommodation!       Piano Lounge  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PerthAstro
<Content>Superb all round. Absolute value! My girlfriend and I stayed there for 4 nights in January 2008. Our expectations were well surpassed. The apartment had everything you needed and more - its amazing to consider the design involved to make everything (mini kitchen, washing machine, bath etc) fit so tidily and still have room for your clothes and luggage. All was clean and tidy. The staff were always friendly and more than willing to accommodate anything they could help with. The location is brilliant only 10 minutes walk from Shinjuku Station and with loads of food options around. The Sky Lounge on the 32nd level has got to be seen to be believed - view is incredible and atmosphere superb. Finally, the price for the accommodation was incredible value. I will definitely rebook for any return tokyo trip.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vittorio_69
<Content>Clean, modern, cheap and massively convenient Close to food (plenty of choices all within 50 metres and plenty more in entertainment district 200 metres away)Close to train stations and Airport bus transfers (10 minutes walk), and rail/bus direct transfer to Hakuba (for skiing)Close to shopping (Isetan Mens, Takashimaya, electronics, Tokyu Hands - homewares, Ooi, Barneys + mid end department stores). Great English speaking staff and service.Free Internet, laundry and dryer in room, kitchenette, 37 inch LCD, Bose clock/alarm/radio, fantastic bathroom with heater, cooler, ventilator for drying clothes and ubiquitous electronic toilet seat....all for 150k Yen a night!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChrisSF
<Content>It really is that good! This is an easy 5 stars because of the value. By contacting the property directly, we were able to arrange for a deluxe studio, on a lower floor, for about $110 a night. We kept waiting for the catch, but there was none. The rate was as advertised (no hidden charges at all), the room was beautiful and modern (the automated bath was especially fun!), and staff were friendly. As other posters have pointed out, any disadvantage from the location (which feels just a little out of the way, although easy walking distance to Shinjuku station) is offset by the price. This hotel may be the ultimate travel bargain. Obviously, for this price you don't get a hotel restaurant or room service, but there was plenty of food within walking distance.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jzellenyc
<Content>I loved our apartment!       The hallway, kitchenette and door to our room  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giggleuma
<Content>Clean, Reasonablely PriceD, Extremely Convenient Everything I read about Oakwood from Trip Advisor is true: clean, friendly staffs (who speaks English), best rate for the quality, and 8 minutes away from the train station. We planned to stay at the high floor, deluxe room for 4 days then check out and explore other hotels in the city; but at the end we extended to 7 days. The most impressive part is the how clean the apartment is. My boyfriend is extremely sensitive to dust and smoking rooms and he did not wake up a day with stuffy nose. The down side of the apartment is the noise from the train. Even though we stayed on the 23rd floor it was still inevitable. We get used to it after 1 night though.. Also unlike a hotel that has full service, the maids only come twice a week. The room is small but has everything that you could imagine: wash/dryer, kitchen, full size fridge. We had a happy stay and will stay there again if we go back.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bettsVienna
<Content>good value for money clean modern friendly staff my boyfriend and I stayed here for 9nights over new years, we were getting what we were expecting as we read all the positive reviews, this is certainly good value for your money especially if for tokyo shinjuku, and also if you stay longer than 8nights (as this is NOT a hotel, prices decrease if you stay longer) the small but newly furbished roooms have a bath, toilet, bedroom and small kitchen... shinjuku station is a 4 minutes walk away, so the location is central and good if you want to taste the real busy life of tokyo and not stay in the more quieter outskirts of tokyo... this closeness however, also implies if you get a room on the side of the house facing the train tracks you will hear the trains... it is not that loud but you can still here it... this is truly a very good place to stay, I would recommend this to my friends also, one thing has to be said though, as this is no hotel, cleaning only comes twice a week and you do not have room service and anything like that as in a normal hotel, well I was not uncomfortable by all of that, I do not mind missing these things but for people who want all these things it might not be the right place... so i read a review that the oakwood apartments is like a 5star hotel, although it is nearly like a hotel, it is not, because it is just a bit different. reception staff is like in a hotel and are very helpful, you have a sento in the down floor of the building,...  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	2	3	

<Author>lizzieL
<Content>compact little apartment       twin-sharing bed  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>miken1999
<Content>You can't find a better value in Tokyo You will not find a better price for something this nice in Tokyo Period. From the grand lobby, large flat screen TV, comfy sheets to the toilet, this place has it all. If you are on a budget then don鈥檛 go to Tokyo but if you are looking to save money then this hotel is for you. Tokyo is one expensive city so be prepare.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alvinleejh
<Content>Lovely apartment at an unbeatable price My wife and I stayed at Oakwood for 6 nights over the New Year at Oakwood Shinjuku and had a lovely time. It has everything you would ever need for a great vacation, including an accessible location (pleasant 10 min walk to Shinjuku Station) with plenty of good local food within walking distance (just ask the friendly front desk folks where they like to eat) and a well equipped room with a kitchen and washing machine. Plus, there is free internet in the business centre and a lounge on the top floor with a wonderful view of Shinjuku.The 24-hour front desk staff were very helpful and spoke good English. We made a day trip out to Nikko (2 hours from Tokyo), and managed to get excellent directions from the hotel staff, complete with translations of station names, printouts of train schedules and fare estimates.One slight drawback is that since it's technically a serviced apartment, the booking requires an upfront payment of the full stay during check-in and cancellation policies are not as flexible as normal hotels. But whatever you lose in flexibility, you more than make up for in price and comfort. Bearing in mind that rooms in Tokyo are generally small.We stayed in a standard Studio room, and you can trust the picture they put on their website. In fact, the bed was bigger than what we expected.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tomochan
<Content>The best kick-off place for my Tokyo experience I stayed at a deluxe studio during my week long stay. I was so impressed by the interior and the level of amenities. I definitely felt like it was worth the money and more!Pros:- Well thought out design where no space was wasted. - Top floor lounge with amazing views of Shinjuku and basement business center with free internet and a nice glassed in waterfall- full kitchen, laundry machine in-room and the awesome dryer in the bathroom that dried my clothes in 2 hours.Cons:- The space is ultra limited so you may feel a bit cramped at times. Well this shouldn't be a issue if you spend most of the time outside exploring the city. :)- It's about a 15 minute walk to the shinjuku station. It's fine on a normal day but not when you're laden with packages and/or drunk- No limousine bus service to the airport. You have to go to Shinjuku station to take the train or grab the limousine busThere were three convenience store within walking distance, tons of great neighborhood restaurants near by. Shinjuku bars within reasonable walking distance or a very cheap cab ride away.If I am lucky enough to stop by at Tokyo again, I would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BkkChai
<Content>Top Class I had a wonderful stay at this property during my trip to Tokyo recently. I stayed in one of the studio rooms (22 sqm), the room is small (but I guess this is standard room size for most hotels in Japan) but everything was done so well to compensate for the small rooms. In room amenties include a washing machine, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee making machine, dvd, bose cd/radio player, mini safe, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, lcd tv. There is even a small Japanese style tub in the bathroom. Sky lounge on 32 floor offers breathtaking view, especially at night. There are two computers on B1 (free internet) and some vending machines.There is also a good size mini mart located opposite of the property. The location of this property is also good, about 5-7 minutes walk from SHINJUKU.The staff was really friendly. Thanks to DAVID for helping me out withdirections. Dont hesitate booking at this property!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>B_in_Ottawa
<Content>Excellent, Affordable Accommodations Our stay at the Oakwood Apartments in Shinjuku was terrific. Our room, while a bit small, was very modern and clean. The service was excellent and the other amneties were fabulous. It's located near the Shinjuku Train Station, which makes it a bonus for travellers.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jennette33
<Content>Best place to stay in Tokyo       the bed in our studio apt.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DW614
<Content>5* accomodations for the price of a 3* hotel. Wow, I was so impressed with the facilities at Oakwood Shinjuku that I still rave about it to friends and family.I went to Tokyo for the first time in October 2007, and stayed for 5 nights. Oakwood Shinjuku is approximately a 10 minute walk from the JR station. If you have luggages, I would recommend taking the Airport Limobus to Shinjuku station, and then taking a cab to the property (it is a 5 minute cab ride from the station, and cost only 660 Yen). The building is understated but classy. The staff at Oakwood is very friendly and helpful. They're also fluent in English, so don't worry about language barrier. I stayed in a studio apartment (clean and modern), and its extremely well-equipped, designed with a long-term resident in mind. The unit is quite narrow, and as a single traveller, the space was just sufficient. There is a washer/dryer, iron/ironing board, kitchen facilities (including dishes and utensils -- it even has a toaster and a rice cooker!), full bathroom, flat-screen TV, and a double bed. Some appliances have instructions in Japanese, but there is a manual available in the apartment, with diagrams in English so you won't have any trouble operating the various electrical equipment. While I didn't get a chance to do any cooking (too tired from the sightseeing during the day), the microwave/oven came in handy for nights when I bought take-out and reheated when I was ready to eat. There are many convenience stores (ie 7-Eleven etc) in the vicinity, and tons of cafes/restaurants nearby so you shouldn't have trouble finding a place to eat.I found the room very quiet during the night. Security is tight, as you have to scan your room key to get through the main doors of the building, and another security card to get to the elevators. There is also a security guard standing at front reception at all hours. As a solo female traveller, I find it very comforting to know the building has taken security measures to protect their guests.There is a Skylounge on the top floor (35th? floor) with panaromic view of the surrounding area. It's absolutely stunning day and night. If you have a laptop with you, and require internet connections, they offer high-speed internet at 315 Yen/day. They also have a couple of desktops in the basement lounge, if you don't have a laptop. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Oakwood Shinjuku, and would definitely return the next time I'm in Tokyo. They have exceeded my expectations, considering I only paid 9,450 Yen/night for a studio apartment, which is the same price of a 3* hotel, but Oakwood Shinjuku offers a 5* experience.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fiatti
<Content>Very Good Choice       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TCNeville
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed in Oakwood Shinjuku for 1 week as part of our honeymoon itinerary. The staff spoken fluent english and professional at all times. The room was small as most Japanese hotel accomodations are so I was not suprised about the size however I was quite contented with it as we were out of the apartment most of the time and only returned to sleep. The room had very good amentities including a large flat screen tv which had both english and japanese speaking programmes, a washing mashinee that can dry clothes, a smooth kitchen area with stove top, fridge and sink, plus an iron and ironing board. The bathroom was compact but had all the necesseities including bath and shower. The bathroom can also be used to dry clothes. The apartment was about 10minutes walk to the Shinjuku station which was convenient and there were many places to eat nearby. I'd reccommend this place to anyone who visits Tokyo. It is not a normal tourist hotel so the lobby was not busy with tourists checking in and out which was a plus.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hamburgerhead
<Content>Luxury at an excellent price We stayed at Oakwood Shinjuku for 6 nights which is shorter than their minimum stay of 1 month - I had simply emailed them if it was possible and they were happy to organise. The apartment was great. We were on the 24th floor with amazing views from all the windows of the Tokyo cityscape. There were all the modern conveniences you could imagine - flat screen tvs in the bedrooms, air con, washing machine, bose sound system and ipod dock (which we borrowed from reception). It's located about 10 mins walk north of Shinjuku station which made it quite convenient but it was still a bit of a walk. Right across the road is a convenience store and just round the corner is a supermarket - Very convenient. It was very noisy all through the night, but I assume that's Tokyo for you, and we got used to it. We shared a 2.5 bedroom apartment with another couple and we paid approximately AUD140 per night per couple which is very cheap for what we got. I highly recommend Oakwood  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ChristianMoss
<Content>Convenient and modern Firstly, let me say that Oakwood in Japan is a completely different story to Oakwood in the USA. May I suggest a rebranding for Japan as the offering is far more superior there.Secondly, here is a review of my 2-day stay at Oakwood Shinjuku:Price:Paid around JPY14000 per night, which I thought was a bargain. This rate even includes a 5% extra charge for the short stay (Oakwood is technically an apartment hotel for longer stays).Location:Located a 10 min walk from Shinjuku Station; and 5 min from the nearest subway station, I found the location good enough.Service:Staff (obviously for Japan) courteous and efficient. Easy check-in.Room:Stayed in a studio. Small, but absolutely sufficient:- Kitchen with all appliances - including fridge- Washing machine (3 small bags of detergent supplied free of charge) and dryer- Iron  ironing board- BOSE radio/CD-player- Flat-screen TV, DVD player- Comfortable bed with crisp white linen; great pillows- Japanese-style bathroom and washlet (great, great, great!)- Bathroom well-equipped with amenities- Balcony- Lots of towelsThe only negative things I found were that there was a lack of space for any suitcase (had to store it under the desk) and there was noise from traffic and people on neighbouring flats' balconies smoking. The air was incredibly dry as there was no humidifier. In short, I would definitely stay here again. Comfortable, convenient, modern/contemporary and easy.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hinmi
<Content>GREAT I became a more or less frequent traveller to Tokyo for the last 3 years and our main hotel was always the Keio Plaza Shnjuku. However, price and performance for that hotel are soso. The rooms are big but that;s it. Accidentily, I found the Oakwood appartments through tripadvisor and thought I give it a try. Already the first email contact to them, inquiring about rooms and prices, was very pleasent and professional. And it kept going like that. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The room (I stayed in a deluxe studio) was small but very comfortable and good to use. Large LCD TV, Bose radio/alarm clock, fast internet and nice new furnising. I felt many times more comfortable than in any of the other hotels I usually stay in. The bathroom has the Japanese o furo for those interested and you get a functional kitchen and a laundry machine, too. Also, a pleasent suprise, the fridge was stocked with a little pack of milk and a bottle of water while the kitchen contained some snacks and corn flakes. Nice touch! Also, as many others already mentioned, the sky lounge is great.One thing to consider. Since it is a service apartment style, the room is not cleaned daily but only 2 or 3 times a week.Overall, a huge recommendation if you stay in Shinjuku ... it's about 10 minute walk from Shinjuku station. Take the West exit and then just follow the road. It's opposite freshness burgers!!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>downinit
<Content>best deal in tokyo       Kitchen  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>UHF
<Content>Better than a hotel       Sky lounge view 32nd floor  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>worldtrek
<Content>Best in Shinjuku We stayed at the Oakwood Shinjuku in Sept 07 for 7 nights. The apartment is huge for Tokyo. There is a LCD TV, Bose music, air-con, fully equipped kitchen, microwave, grill, stovetop, washing machine, and bidet toilet (my favourite) with warm seat and warm water.. what luxury! There are 5 remote controls to play with - aircon, tv, dvd, cable tv, music system. The security is excellent (with key and swipecard), the reception is super-friendly, and speak English. Free internet computers (2) in the basement if you didn't bring your laptop. Sky Lounge on 32 flr is excellent with great views. Definitely recommend to anyone going to Tokyo. It is 10 min walk from Shinjuku station. Very safe on the street even late at night. Lots of food places (good value) along the street. Excellent Oakwood! Well done on presenting such an excellent accom.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>CaliRed
<Content>Would definitely stay here again We had an amazing experience at Oakwood Shinjuku. The property was spotless and seemed to be brand-new. The rooms were quiet and full of amenities that were helpful for our week-long stay -- kitchen utensils, washer/dryer, large flat-screen TV with DVD player, refrigerator, hair dryer, microwave, good amount of closet space, etc. The building is 5-10 minutes away from Shinjuku station and Tokyo metro stops, making it a convenient home base for exploring the city. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. We had a difficult time obtaining tickets to a baseball game and a sumo match, and the people at the front desk went above and beyond to help us out.There were a couple of minor negative points worth mentioning. Cab drivers seemed to have a hard time finding this place. I would recommend going to Oakwood's website and printing out the map and directions to the property before you leave for Tokyo (the map and directions both appear in English and Japanese). In addition, as previous posters have mentioned, the rooms are small. My boyfriend and I are both under 5'8'' and slender, and we had to squeeze past each other in the studio-size space. Our suitcases would not comfortably unfold in the room, so we had to unpack them and stow them away. I would think that taller/larger travelers, and/or travelers with a lot of luggage, would feel uncomfortable in a studio.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Platna
<Content>Cool Housing The Oakwood is basically housing for gaijin corporate types. The staff speaks excellent English and is extremely helpful with whatever you require. The studios are incredibly cramped but also very clean and comfortable - with balconies. The only downside is that there is no nightlife in Shinjuku unless you like to party in the Red Light district (Kabuki-cho). Otherwise, it's a $50 cab ride back from Roppongi or Shibuya. However, for the price we paid ($75/night shared by 2 people) we didn't care. Unlike other Japanese places, the Western style bed has space for 2 people. The bathrooms have a feeling of being spit-shined. If you don't go out past 12, I would stay here. If you are a partier, I would check out the Oakwood Roppongi or something in Shibuya unless you can get a great deal here.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lorelaina
<Content>Best Deal I stayed in this Hotel for 4 nights with my boyfriend and both were impressed for the location, price and the studio. Well, you can chose from studios, one bed room, two...well, we stayed in a Studio, enough for 2 persons, yes, it's not big, what what's big in Japan? So well, everything was brand new, pretty clean and you had all that you needed there and even more...At the room you have a double bed, a big window with great views from Shinjuku and then you have a big 37 inches flat screen, a dvd player and at teh front desk you can get free rent dvd's, speakers where you can put your ipod and hear some music...the kitchen was very complete, with everything you may need for cooking, even a dryer/washer if you need to do your laundry...The bathroom was ok with 2 spaces, one for your showe and one for your cleaning...You have free access to the sky lounge at floor 25 with amazing views from Shinju, the great thing is that you can cook something in your apartment and bring it to the sky lounge and have a nice night sat there...You have a gym you can use and also a business center with free internet service...We really liked the place and the price was exellent, 8500Yens, around 52鈧? so pretty cheap for Tokyo.We really would come back to Oakwood when we come back in Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NicolaiOslo
<Content>Highly recommended!   showReview(8367399, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>boundoutofbaltimore
<Content>Oakwood is the BEST Tokyo hotel deal for Summer   showReview(8226397, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dianaz
<Content>Great Find in Shinjuku   showReview(7802653, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>sarahh2
<Content>Great choice for Tokyo   showReview(7646462, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Lollipopp
<Content>Excepcional   showReview(19606643, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Victorete
<Content>De lo mejor al mejor precio       la lavadora secadora  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnetes Preis-Leistung-Verh盲ltnis in Tokio   showReview(18536939, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderne et confortable   showReview(16608374, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(16608373, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

