<Author>Anglotraveller
<Content>Ritz in Bali - Pretty Good       Villa Garden  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Sharka
<Content>Pretty good mass resort experience       Resort "bomb sniffer" - looking for petting  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FREQUENTTRIPPERPerth
<Content>Not For the Feint Hearted I booked and had confirmed an 'Ocean View' room. When I was shown to the room on arrival it had a view of the balconies of the adjoining building and a small amount of garden. When I explained that this is not what I had paid for the room was changed - again ithis room did not have a direct ocean view but was more pleasant.The hotel is not for the elderly or the feint hearted. The restaurants, pool and bars are reached by means of stairs which are not well illuminated at night and there are no hand rails. Everything is spread out and it can take up to ten minutes walking to get to a location and retutn to the room.Another problem is the remote locaton of the complex. This tends to make the visitor a captive to the dining and beverage facilties at the hotel which are very expensive by Bali standards.Boquets must be awared to good service and smiling staff.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	2	5	2	

<Author>Loully
<Content>unforgettable This hotel is just exquisite. Everything in this place is designed to be beautiful, functional  welcoming. I haven't stayed elsewhere in Bali but my guess would be that few other places even compare, with the exception of the Four Seasons (which is right next door, and both hotels seem strangely similar).  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbebb
<Content>Disappointment at the Ritz We were really excited to visit the Ritz ... it was the last night of our honeymoon in Bali and my husband wanted it to be really special. He booked a King Deluxe Room and explained in the booking it was our honeymoon. All the other hotels has gone above and beyond for us thus far and we were looking forward to staying at this hotel -- we got married in Bali too and had almost decided to have our wedding at the Ritz -- luckily we didn't!We were greeted warmly as we got out of the cab, but the staff just pointed ahead of us indicating we should just take ourselves to the lobby to check in. We had no idea where we were supposed to go. Once in the lobby we stood around for a while waiting for someone to notice us, eventually they did but kept us waiting almost 20 minutes before we were given our keys... which I had to go and ask for twice! They had plenty of notice we were coming down the incredibly long driveway (security checked our booking at the exterior gate and we assumed they call ahead) so there's no excuse to not have one point of contact greet you and take you to the lobby to check in. That one person should see to everything instead of us bumbling around with multiple people who all seemed like they had no idea at what stage our check in was at!We were shown to our room but once inside were surprised to see 2 separate single beds... one with a few rose petals sprinkled on them. Nice touch but did someone actually think that a honeymoon couple would be cool with 2 separate single beds?! The staff was apologetic but was quick to add there was nothing she could do but arrange for housekeeping to push the 2 beds together. My husband had had about enough of the place by then as he'd noticed black mould growing all through the bathroom shower and door frames. I rang the duty manager to complain and eventually they found another room for us (despite the fact that earlier it was impossible). Over an hour passed and we quickly got to the other room, changed into our bathers to make it down to the pool just in time for the sunset... we were doubly surprised that the Ritz pools close AT SUNSET!!! They are situated on a cliff overlooking the ocean on a sunset beach and they close the pools so incredibly early. We could hardly believe it. Was this normal? The pool staff indicated it was time to go by taking our pool chair cushions out from under our things while we were in the pool. Not a great start! We were only there one night before our flight out of Bali and it was almost getting laughable...I must say, the food however at the Italian restaurant was lovely. We enjoyed our meal a lot! In some parts of the hotel it was looking a little tired... I think it's time for some upgrades to some parts of the hotel grounds. Perhaps the fact we were only there one night was enough excuse for the Ritz to not expend any service energy on us. Despite the fact we were upgraded to a nicer room after I expressed my concerns about the initial room, I would hesitate before going back there again. It's like the hotel is too big for it's own good!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Ppong
<Content>Unforgettable stay Both partner and I are members of the Marriott Vacation Club and so for our 1st trip booked via them, we decided to try staying at the Ritz in Bali as our experience in staying at the Club Suite in Singapore was fantastic. Luxurious accomodations and excellent service and also not forgetting the Bvlgari toiletries which we thoroughly enjoyed. This is our 2nd trip to Bali - formerly we stayed at Candidasa (Candi Beach Cottage) in Dec 2007. It was very tranquil and part of reason we visited Bali again was that we felt that we didn't really do Bali justice as Candidasa is rather remote and the beach there wasn't great.This trip we were there from 4 - 10 Sept 2008. First 2 days we stayed at Nusa Dua - 1st night at Kind Villa Bintang (very pleasant stay) and the 2nd night at Oasis Beach Resort (poor service - don't stay there). So anyway, we rented a vehicle and we made our way to Ritz Carlton with a map in hand and lots of help from the locals. It was a very interesting uphill drive and when we reached the security check-point, we still had to drive through a very long driveway to reach the hotel lobby. The grounds were immensely huge and we still thought Four Seasons was large when we passed by on the way in.Anyway, check-in was great, we had our welcome drink in the lobby while taking in the view. And a fantastic surprise was when they told us they had upgraded us to a garden terrace suite. (we were kinda hoping for an upgrade as we read many reviews that a free upgrade was possible.) We had a guide who led us to our room and our jaws dropped when we saw the expanse of the suite... large living area with a large LCD tv, patio, large four poster bed equipped with another tv and the bathroom - double vanity with separate bath tub (with a petal bath ready for us) and shower. Oh right, there's another guest bathroom and shower at the entrance of the suite. As we booked for a standard room, this was a real treat for us.Once we settled down, we went for the resort tour on a buggy and we mentally noted what our itinery would be for the next few days. There were 2 beaches, Kubu beach and Kisik beach. Both of which are accessible via a long flight of stone steps. 3 pools, main infinity pool, aquarium pool and the ocean-view infinity pool. We visited the Kubu beach most often as there were less people there and somehow the sun was out more often there. We also arranged for the mediterranean lunchbox for 2 while we were there. Can't remember the price - approx. US30-40 per person. The spread was surprisingly extensive. Kubu beach is not really for swimming though, the waves were rather strong and I got tossed around the shore when the waves came in. Got some abrasions on my thighs for that but it was really good fun. The view is fantastic at the top and we descended the 160+ steps 3 times during our stay in good humor with sore thighs thereafter.The main pool bar was great as well - more accessible than the beaches, do try the wood-fire pizzas at the pool bar, really delicious and their presentation of cocktails was really lovely. We did try the Aquatonic pool at the Spa one evening. Was really interesting with various stations with jets placed for a different purpose - an invigorating exercise. The spa grounds was very pretty and the service was tip-tops. But don't wear white swim-wear as my new white bikini ended up with permanent yellow stains due to the sea-water content.Dining-wise, breakfast at Sami Sami was great. Great views and great food - well presented which was no surprise. We had breakfast at Padi one of the mornings - buffet style. Very extensive spread - egg,waffles and pancakes station. The bakery section was extensive too with a great selection of jams and spreads. You get chinese and japanese selections as well on top of the usual. However, if you don't have a great appetite like us, it is more worth it to order ala-carte at Sami Sami. We learnt that if you order a main dish - the juices, tea and bakery items profferred were at no additional cost. This is what I call value-added. We hardly had lunch as our breakfast was usually late so afternoon snacks at the pool sufficed till dinner. We ate out at Jimbaran bay (Sharkey) and Kedoganan Bay (Fortuin Cafe). Prices there are very competitive and cheap - US45 for the both of us. Grilled whole snapper, clams, lobster, calamari. The service staff are very willing to serve.We did visit 2 other spas in the Jimbaran area - Aroma Talk (we tried the hot stone treatment packages and shirodhara.) and Sekar Jagat (Shiatsu and Aloe Wrap for our sunburnt skin). Both highly recommended. Aroma Talk has really nice gardens and villas for treatments. Sekar Jagat is more traditional - authentic balinese surroundings. On the whole, Ritz is pretty self-contained. If you prefer to get out of the resort grounds, then having a vehicle would make sense. (Anyway, most restaurants around Jimbaran offers free transport back and fro at no cost.) Then again, the resort grounds are so pretty and the food at the numerous restaurants is good enough to keep you at the resort. Of course, you do pay a price for that. A coconut drink cost about USD10 which you can get for US2 elsewhere. I must say that the service level is fantastic, the staff are very helpful and attentive and honest as well. We were hardly in the suite most of the time and nothing was missing.If you ask if I would return, yes for sure! We didn't even want to leave. Checking out was not without regrets. We had a really great time. Everyday was paradise for both of us.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lauralynn131313
<Content>Stay somewhere else next time My husband and I went to the Ritz for a wedding. We were really looking forward to staying at the Ritz again, because we got married at the Ritz in Laguna Beach/Dana Point in California. We arrived at the Ritz 8 days into our trip to Bali, after staying at the Nusa Dua Hotel and Spa and a beautiful local hotel in Ubud. In both places we were upgraded to suites and or villas, full of Balinese culture, charm and elegance and lots of amenities. Upon arriving at the Ritz we were very disappointed with our ocean view room, that looked like any other room in any other Ritz hotel around the world. In other words it lacked much Balinese culture and style. The amenities that were included with our other hotels that we stayed at before the Ritz, far outweighed what was included at the Ritz and at a more affordable price. Paying $10 an hour for internet service is ridiculous, when we got it for free at all other hotels, drinks super expensive with little alcohol, food ok, and the grounds lacked the true Balinese culture and feel. Additionally the room didn't have any drawer space which I thought was odd at a 5 star hotel. The ocean front infinity pool was the highlight of the trip along with a great spa treatment. But overall I thought the value was not there for the money. When we return to Bali we won't be going to the Ritz. The competition is too good with other hotels that offer more value for your money.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>wendyinafrica
<Content>Felt like a Princess!       outdoor shower  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cttraveler07
<Content>loved the resort, but very disappointed with Dava and customer service We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Jimbaran Bay for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon. As soon as we arrived, we were very impressed with the resort. The grounds were very nice and the pools were gorgeous, especially the infinity oceanfront pool. We upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite and it was very spacious.However, our vacation was basically ruined because on the 2nd night, we had the tasting menu at Dava Restaurant, which is supposedly their best restaurant. Both of us came down with horrible food poisoning that night. The next day we needed to check out, and I told customer service that we got sick from the Dava dinner. They did not take my complaint very seriously. All they offered was some carbonated drinks and a free cab ride to the airport. I could not believe that was the treatment we got at a 5 star hotel, especially since they could see that we were still very ill. So I refused to settle the bill until the best they would give me was 30% back from the dinner check. After I returned home, I wrote a complaint letter, which was addressed by a manager at the Bali resort, as well as corporate customer service. But I am still disappointed that I had to go through so much effort just to get some sort of reimbursement for the hotel making us horribly sick. I will also add that one afternoon while taking a shower, the cold water cut out and we were suddenly scalded by hot water. They did fix this, but I do not understand how this happened either. The food at the restaurants is mediocre at best. We had our first dinner at Padi Restaurant, and the thai food was no better than an average thai restuarant. The food at Dava was ironically not very good at all. The breakfast buffet has a pretty extensive selection and many fresh fruits. We liked the Martini Club, the drinks were interesting and the bar was beautifully designed.As I said before, the pools are wonderful, and definitely the highlight of our stay there. The private beach that you take a shuttle to is also very nice, but you must climb down many flights of stairs to reach the beach, and it is quite a workout to walk back up the stairs to leave. At least there is a person waiting at the top of the steps to give you a bottle of water and call the shuttle for you.I agree with a previous post that the charge for internet is pretty steep. Overall, a decent stay if we had not gotten food poisoned, but not the 5 star experience I expected.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>TripFan045
<Content>Good resort hotel We liked the Ritz in Bali. A few of the good things we liked were the staff was very nice. The pools were impressive, the views amazing and the food was very good.A few of the things we didn't like. We had some ants in our room when we got there so we called and changed rooms. The rooms were fine but seemed a bit worn, I think the tropical climate may do that. The common area and restaurants were very nice. Also, especially as an American in Bali we didn't feel especially safe outside the hotel grounds so we spent more of our time in the resort than out of it. It is not a knock on the hotel, and actually could be a plus for the hotel because there are enough restaurants, pools etc that for a short trip you don't need to leave the resort.We did go to the beach part of the resort one day and it was not great. I don't know if other hotels mhave big nice beaches but this resort is more focused on the pools and the views.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>AmandaChitown
<Content>Amazing hotel Just returned from spending the last 3 nights of a 7 night stay in Bali and cannot say enough great things about it. We were luckily enough to get upgraded to an ocean view cliff villa which was several levels higher than the deluxe ocean view room we booked. It was 4,000 SF with a gorgeous view of the Indian Ocean, a massive living room, bedroom and bathroom. Our own private pool and resting area were out back. The bathroom had a separate soaking tub, walk in shower with rainfall showerhead with the same amazing view of the ocean. The hotel itself is isolated up on the cliffs of Jimbaran, and the grounds are massive with several different bars and restaurants to explore. If you are going to Bali to explore different parts of the island and see the sights, stay somewhere else for that part because once you get to the Ritz you'll never want to leave! It worked out well for us because we stayed in Sanur for the first part of our holiday and then treated ourselves to the Ritz at the end. We did eat any dinners at the Ritz as we took taxis into Kuta or Seminyak for meals and bars. As you would expect at any Ritz, the service was unbelievable. You have your own butlers that will take care of anything you need at any time of the day. They remember what you ordered for lunch and will serve it to you while in your private pool. We had a breakfast buffet included everyday which had a great selection of all types of breakfast foods and also had drinks at the Martini Bar one night before going out. They know you by name after the first day and buggies are available to take you from your villa to the various pools and restaurants (the grounds are too big and hilly to walk on your own, depending on where your room is). We felt the best pool area and hot tub was the Villa Pool. We had no problems getting a taxi or driver when needed. They were very accomodating holding our bags and giving us the Spa facilities to use while after we checked out and while waiting for our nightime flight. We were lucky enough to get the gorgeous villa at a significantly lower rate, so if you're able to save up enough to afford it, or you can afford it, I would highly recommend it! I'm not a frequent Ritz Carlton guest, so it was quite the treat for me.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kris71
<Content>Needs to be much more! We travel to Bali quite often and normally stay in the Hyatt in Nusa Dua or the Intercontinental but decided that we would give the Ritz Carlton a try as we had read a lot of good reviews here!Well i have to say we will not be going back!!!For what it costs it is certainly not value for money!We booked a club room but were advised on check in that our 10 year old daughter would not be allowed into the club lounge! so there was a total waste of money! we were informed that we could take breakfast in Padi (where everyone else has breakfast!) The only difference i can see between the club room and the standard is that with the club you get a designated floor to check in and the lounge, which we could not use!The rooms are no larger than any other rooms in Bali! though the standard rooms in Hyatt are much bigger and much better value for money!The food and drinks poolside are astronomical but i have to say that the poolside staff are very good and attentive most of the time, though Ritz Carlton need more poolside loungers!!! on 2 occasions we could not get a bed... now if i am paying $580 a night i expect to be able to sit by the pool!The hairdryer in our club room overheated every 15 seconds of constant use and then i had to wait 10 minutes for it to cool down, i requested a new one from housekeeping and they sent me a 350 watt hairdryer (the normal wattage of a hairdryer is 1200) so it was like someone breathing on my hair, no power no heat, i requested another yet this never materialised... these are essential items in hotels rooms!! the amenities were good though the shampoo and conditioner are awful and leave hair feeling dry. The whole resorts white towels and facecloths need to be thrown away as my whole 4 night stay i only got 1 white fluffy towel, the rest were that lovely washed out grey and hard type that you expect when paying $50 dollar a nightThe Martini lounge was amazing and the staff were what you expect in a 5* hotel..... Padi Restaurant is good but again i have eaten better Thai food!We went to Sami Sami the italian on our 1st night and that was ok! though the bottle of wine we ordered cost an amazing 拢110 for a 拢20 maximum bottle elsewhere!If your looking for a real Bali feel then this is not the place, you could be anywhere....... We also booked a hotel car to take us to Ku De Ta one evening to see the sunset and have dinner, we had to wait over 15 minutes b4 our car arrived and subsequently only got to see the very end of the sunset.. if i book a car for a time then i expect it to be ready..This to say the least is not my idea of a great resort, i have stayed in the Ritz in Hong Kong, Dubai (which is amazing and should be tried) and Kuala Lumpur but to be honest i will not be rushing back to stay in the Ritz Bali anytime soon!I think they need to take a very long hard look at what they offer and make some severe changes!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>TroppoTrekker
<Content>Loved the Ritz-Carlton Bali The staff were the most amazing aspect of the hotel and that's no mean feat 'cos the property was pretty awesome. Superb location on top of a cliff looking over Jimbaran Bay - sunset drinks over the bay and watching the planes land far away. Whole property was beautifully maintained, staff always had a happy smile and we were so impressed that the staff knew our names by Day 2 in the main restaurant where you had breakfast daily. Hotel's a little isolated but enough facilities to keep you busy - 4 or 5 restaurants to choose from including a cool, themed casual restaurant cut into the cliffside with sand floors serving local food, and other restaurants serving Italian, generic western and Japanese. Popular for weddings - saw 2 brides from Japan - very nice.Rooms are spacious and ultra clean. Lots of nice little touches like a plate of fruit every afternoon when you get back from a day out. Meal presentation and taste is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DutchyCan
<Content>I'd like to go again...       Pool at the sea  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>charkey
<Content>Divine... Absolutely stunning resort...grounds and rooms are immaculate, service is second to none, I have never experienced such excellent service, felt like royalty, all the staff so lovely and polite, they remembered our names after serving us only once. Food was spectacular in all of the restaurants. Ritz Kids Club truly fantastic...beautiful staff who obviously adore children run it and keep the little ones entertained (our children PLEADED with us to go there every day, something we didn't do as we had day trips planned, but it's good to know that they enjoyed it so much) and an excellent nanny service should you wish to go out at night without the kids. Whilst the room rate is extremely reasonable considering the level of luxury and service one receives when staying there, beware of everything else at the resort, such as the restaurants, shops and spa......they certainly don't miss you there as far as charging top dollar...but I guess you pay for the convenience because you don't have to worry about getting in a car or taxi for a half-hour journey into Seminyak, Kuta, Sanur etc just for cheaper massages, meals and shopping (and I might argue that at the Ritz-Carlton it's all top notch, unlike some of the services, food and shopping you might get in those other places.)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tokyodude
<Content>Nice hotel, but a bit overpriced I booked an Oceanfront villa through Amex since they said that if an upgrade was available, I would be upgraded. When I got there, the villa front desk (it's different from the regular front desk) told us that the upgrades don't apply to villas. So we ended up staying at the villa we booked. The villas is in front of the ocean, but so is a bunch of other villas, which means that if you walk forward to see the ocean, you can see into the other people's villas and vice versa (not much privacy here). The so called plunge pool is not really a pool but a size of a jacuzzi which was a dissapointment. The inside of the room itself was really clean and nice, but not too big compared to other villas of Bali (had a bedroom, living room, walk-in closet, nice 2 person bathtub, shower etc). When we checked in, the butler drove us to the villa and told us to simply dial 0 to reach him. When I tried that, I always got the hotel operator and nobody could really tell me how to get in touch with my so called private butler (all they said was they would relay any request I had). Also, I was a bit surprised that many of the staff didn't speak English that well (if you asked for anything out of the oridinary, I had a hard time making them understand). As far as the grounds of the Ritz, there are lots of resuturants, pools, a private beach (nice, but lots of rocks so watch out) and activities to keep you busy. But the impression I got, was that in the main areas outsides of the villa area, it was a bit noisy and too many people to call it a relaxed atmosphere. Also the resturant prices are a bit pricy, but since the Ritz is away from everything else, you are baisically forced to eat all your meals here (for example a drink I had at the pool cost about $10). Also the grounds are nice for sure, but it doesn't have a Bali look to it. I felt like I could've been in Hawaii or Thailand and it would still look the same.Besides the resturants, some other prices that kind of surprised me:1) No free internet. They have wireless in the villas, but they charge about $10 / hour for it....ridiculous2) When I asked for transportation back to the airport, they told me it would cost me $30. I called a cab and ended up paying $7.I would've expected some these costs, but when you are already paying about $700 / night for the villas, can't they give me free interenet and a ride back to the airport as a service?Most of the staff was nice, but compared to some other Bali places, I felt that the friendly spirit that I love Bali for wasn't there.Overall I would have to say that for the price I was paying, I would've expected more and I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	2	3	2	

<Author>Sunny777
<Content>Gorgeous but isolated       The Ocean Beach Pool  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiQ-American
<Content>Overall, Great!! " Without a doubt, this was a very enjoyable stay. We booked it for 4 nights for the end of June and when we arrived we were pleasantly surprised at how many Javanese families were staying at the hotel. As it turned out, the vacation period had just begun for Indonesia. The feel of the hotel became lively and always interesting. Some families enjoyed teaching us some Indonesian phrases. My wife and I truly enjoyed the private beach and the salt water swimming pool, (no kids under 12 years old allowed without an adult). It was well worth the 148 steep steps down the side of a hill to get there. Unfortunately, we were unable to go swimming in the waves, for red flags were posted each day we were there. However, this was not a problem for they have a salt water swimming pool that gives you the illusion of being eye level to the ocean, although you're about 20 meters above it. Serinity at its finest. There were a couple of negative situations that should be mentioned, but didn't ruin our overall stay here. The breakfast wasn't very good and limited in selection. We had to compete with the fruit flies, for food for the buffet area was out in the open and not in an enclosed area. There were also birds flying around in the bread area. We didn't stay in the Club , so it may be better off on that end. Also, on our first morning of our stay, we arrived at the breakfast buffet area at 7:30am and were told that they didn't have any available seats for two and we would have to wait for 10 minutes. This was fine, for it gave me ample time to go to the front desk and complain personally to the manager that my newspaper hadn't been sent to my room , as had been requested. I was also able to tell him my first impressions of the breakfast buffet area. The manager was Goood. He had a way of defusing me and letting the steam out of my kettle to the point that I had forgotten why I went to see him. Needless to say, the missing newspaper situation never happened again, and I had a better attitude when seated for our buffet breakfast. The other situation that should be mentioned was their overpriced restaurants, and the low exchange rates offered by the hotel for USD to INR. In the evenings, my wife and I would take a taxi to the Intercontinental Hotel down the road, to exchange money (Close to/the same as posted by Bloomberg), and also to enjoy their reasonably priced sunset dinners. This other hotel also had a regular shuttle to the DFS in Kuta.  My wife told me I shouldn't concern myself with the the price of things at the Ritz, for it IS The Ritz. However, in my mind, you should get what you pay for and nothing less than that. Other than these two situations, our overall stay at this hotel was wonderful. The great people that worked there, and the diversity and friendliness of all the people we encountered on our 5 day stay at this hotel will always be positively remembered.  On another note, a few European guests took us in as students in the sport of soccer, or football as the rest of the world calls it. We spent a very pleasant evening watching the Euro-Cup with these lads and their families. They even allowed me to wear my New England Patriots football shirt. I think they appreciated the effort from this American soccer student.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>traveler30
<Content>Mixed Feelings I can't say too much negative about this hotel, but I really can't say a lot positive either.It's a Ritz, which means a very nice room and very nice grounds. It is disappointing that the hotel doesn't have its own beach, but does offer a shuttle to a beach about a mile away. On an island with lots of beach resorts, I consider this a major drawback.The staff was very nice and very helpful. I booked a club rooom, so it was nice to have access to the club lounge. I was a little surprised that the head of concierge did not send over some flowers or something after I mentioned we were on our honeymoon. I also struggle with the reality that I ended up paying nearly $8 for an order of french fries on an island where you can have an entire seafood dinner for that amount. I certainly didn't expect the Ritz to be inexpensive, but the prices being so out of line with the local economy when I know the staff are not the ones getting the extra dollars always bugs me. I have to admit favoring some of the local resorts that are not dramatically cheaper, but just seem more fair.I won't suggest passig on the Ritz, but I would suggest at least trying other properties also if you do choose it.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jason_Cathy
<Content>Perfect for honeymoon Stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon. I would definately recommend this hotel - service and ambience are fantastic. It has its own private beach and beautiful gardens. We stayed for 4 days which was enough as not much in outside of the complex - we spent the rest of our honeymoon in the Elysian apart hotel.Wine very expensive so be careful what you order but is lovely tranquil getaway. Fantastic!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aquagirl64
<Content>Great Hotel... My husband and I went to Bali last month,having been there 17 years ago,I was sooo excited to get back after so long. Knowing that of course it would be changed a bit,I was in for the shock of my life! Unfortunatley The Aussies have really hit Bali hard with all the thousands of Billabong,Ripcurl,Etc...stores,it made me ill.So...what I am getting at is that Kuta,Legian,Seminyak areas are now like Waikiki...Ubud is getting there,but still has some beautiful areas.I loved Jimbaran and the RItz beacause we were kinda in our own world away from the scenewe stayed in an awesome Villa and while we are normaily the diver/adventurers,we (I hate to admit )stayed by our own private pool at our Villa.The water is too strong to dive/swim on this side of the island,and was afraid to go see how much Nusa Dua/Sanur had changed. If you have been to Bali in the past keep the special memories or stay at the Ritz and forget that Bali is now forever changed..P.S. Once in Bali ask for an upgrade,they will usually give it to you...if occupancy allows.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L_a_April
<Content>Lovely and relaxing This was my first stay at a Ritz and it met my expectations completely. The room was very nice, with a comfortable bed. The public areas were serene and well laid out, with pools and flowers everywhere. Service people were unfailingly pleasant and helpful. We ate in all the restaurants and the food was uniformly good. I will say I did not like the breakfast buffet, mostly because it is served outdoors and it is a challenge to keep insects off the food. We got very nice breakfasts at the hotel at the non-buffet location, Dava. The pool by Dava was also especially beautiful. I would be happy to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Plantriptoday
<Content>Lovely Grounds, Good Service, OK Room My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Jimbaran Ritz-Carlton. Overall, the experience was positive.Hotel Strengths:- Lovely property and grounds. The pools are great and we enjoyed swimming in all of them. The property itself is really neat -- it is a huge piece of land and we thoroughly enjoyed the long walk to the private beach that hardly anyone visited.- Along those lines, the private beach was great; as was the ocean pool.- The spa was excellent.- Breakfast, while pricey, was good.- Overall the service was what one should get a a Ritz - they worked hard to personalize.Hotel Weaknesses- In the room we could hear the people above us. This is my personal pet peeve at hotels. It was also very easy to hear people in the hallways.- The golfcarts driving people around were a real pain, especially if you were in the way. Overall, we would consider staying here again but only if we could get a villa.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ryu1974
<Content>It met my expectations The hotel has something for everyone. We travelled with our young children and my elderly parents and everyone enjoyed themselves and found their own little part of the hotel they liked. The hotel grounds are beautiful. Especially the pools. the restaurants although on the expensive side were of a high standard. The breakfast spread is vast and of high quality. Although the staff were generally very helpful, our checkin took 2 hours and in the end we didn't get the adjoining rooms we requested. We also had an ant problem in our room. The rooms themselves were clean and comfortable.It is everything you would expect from a hotel with the Ritz Carlton name but I was wanting to be surprised by that little bit extra from a hotel of its price range and didn't find it.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pangloss
<Content>Superlative Friends and I booked Club Rooms. In retrospect, that was a truly brilliant decision. We booked via a travel agent--which gave us far better rates than the rack rates advertised on the hotel website.I visited the RItz Carlton a couple years ago on a previous trip to Bali, but didn't stay there at the time. It was at the top of our list for this year's trip. The rooms are wonderful, the staff are exceedingly friendly and helpful. The club house is a great place to have a drink or two or twelve and nibble to your heart's content while you plan which beach, bar, restaurant, or spa to visit next ;)If money is truly no object, you might consider the Legian or the new Bulgari resort (which is beautiful--we had dinner there one night), but we never wanted for anything during our stay at the Ritz. Months later we're still happily reminiscing about our stay and planning our next visit.If you stay at the Ritz and see Helo (the sweet Golden Retriever that works the ground floor), make sure to give him a pet!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BHLM
<Content>Loved it! We had a fantastic stay. We had a seaview villa with private plunge pool. We had a private butler that took care of all our needs. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The food was also fantastic. This is an ideal location for a honeymoon.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ray_usenet
<Content>A lovely honeymoon at the Ritz       A very nice dining spot. As long as you watch the waves...  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ACM83
<Content>Overall a nice stay       Room  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BerkeleyTravelAddict
<Content>Don't believe the negative reviews I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton Bali 5 years in a row and my stay in March, 2008 was by far the best. We stayed in a Club room that was beautiful. The remodeled Club lounge was stunning. The food presentations were inspired and delicious. The newest feature of the hotel is an amazing infinity edge pool (the 3rd pool on the property) perched between the ocean's edge and the base of a cliff. The experience of feeling the spray from the crashing surf while floating in this incredible new pool was unreal. The Ritz has stepped things up from my past visits and I would certainly return. Other than one or two tour groups gathering in the morning in the main lobby, there were no large crowds as reported by other reviewers. Mid day I counted 8 people at the main pool and 3 others at the new ocean side pool. The staff was incredibly attentive and polite. I strongly recommend booking a club room which includes full breakfast, a light lunch service, afternoon tea, heavy appetizers, desserts and beverages (including alcohol served all day). This hotel is world class.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcjchung
<Content>One of the BEST!!! I spend over 3 months of the year in hotels and this is one of the best I have ever stayed in. We checked in at 10pm were upgraded to a Club room. The oceanview club room was amazing with a large balcony, 2 bathrooms both with showers and a seperate lounge area.The Ritz property is amazing. 3 pools and a private beach. I particularly liked the salt water pool on the cliff. The pool side service was fantastic. You must try and watermelon juice that is served in a full sized watermelon.The service was excellent and staff were extremely well trained. There is so much attention to detail at this hotel and was beyond my expectations. Firstly, at the pool, I was provided with a selection of ipods, each ipod has a different music genre. Secondly after walking up the nasty stairs from the cliff pool, we were provided with cold scented towels to cool off. I did not eat at any of the restaurants but we had (2 of us) room service twice and pool side lunch and the total was approx US$100 which I thought was very reasonably priced. All the food we ate at the Ritz were really tasty. The Nasi Goreng was the best I have ever tasted. The hotel is popular with asian luxury tourist and NOT groups. I spoke to one of the people at the hotel. It is approx 35% Japanese, 15% Koreans, 15% Russians, 10% Taiwanese, 10% Hong Kong, 15% mixed Australia/ French/ German/ Singapore. You will find that most of the staff speaks Japanese. I was told none are groups except for the Taiwanese.Being a popular destination for non sun bathing asian tourist is quite an advantage as it leaves plenty of deck chairs available for sunbathers. The diversity of different nationality also means breakfast was a smogasbord of western, japanese, chinese, scandinavian breakfast available. Yummy!There were 2 locations for breakfast. One was the buffet and the other was a-la-cart. I personally prefered the a-la-cart next to the pool.On the downside, i did notice the thin walls. I could hear next door's tv and some coughing from my lounge room. I also thought the private beach was overrated and the internet was disgustingly expensive US$7 for 30mins.Overall, I thought this hotel is well maintained, well runned and its people are well trained!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkCarlos
<Content>Enjoyable stay       View from Lobby  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>ssmk
<Content>Too many loud people This was my second time staying at this hotel. My first was two years ago as a newlywed. This time, I came with my husband, one year old son and another couple. Last time I was very impressed. We stayed on the club level and the hotel did not seem crowded. I chose the Ritz again because we wanted a beach accessible resort style hotel where everyone would always have something to do. I do not like the feel of Nusa Dua (too manicured and flat.) I have never stayed at another Balinese beach, but liked the waves of Jimbaran. We stayed for 3 days exclusively within the hotel and then went to Ubud (Komaneka) for 5 days. This time I have mixed feeling about our stay.The setting (on the cliff), the beach , saltwater pool, Kisik, Dava martini lounge for drinks, and parts of the landscape are incredible. Unfortunately, I often felt that there were several bus loads of tourists with a package deal who were dropped off daily. Also, the food and the level of service were inconsistence.  We chose an ocean view room. We would have booked the club level, but were unable to, because children are not allowed. Eating at the Padi restaurant breakfast buffet was a horrible experience. It was too crowded, and I encountered a very rude guest. Actually, I would avoid this restaurant all together. We also went there for dinner and the Thai food and service was not very good. Otherwise we had a sunset dinner at Kisik, pool-side meals, and breakfast at Dava which were all good. During the day, we went to the Kuba beach which was practically empty. Kuba beach is one of my favorite features of the RItz. We also enjoyed the main pool and the saltwater pool. My son had fun in the play room. They should have more outside toys/structures with shade. The children's pool should be updated. Ths spa is nice. I did not have the best massage or body scrub, but it was good. There is a variety of treatments. Last time our treatments were during the day. This time they were at night. I preferred this. When I left my massage room, the enviornment outside was so quiet and peaceful. All the staff was very nice. They did not seem fake. I think the Balinese in general are very warm and friendly. The people and their strong traditions and beliefs are why my husband keep coming back to Bali. I asked a waiter about the 10 % service charge on everything. All the staff split this. This resort is not that child friendly. I am referring to all the stairs. We brought our stroller everywhere because it serves as a high chair too. (Though, there were sturdy/belted high chairs at the restaurants.) This was sometimes very difficult. I saw one wheelchair, but am not sure how they managed to get everywhere except for the golf carts. I did feel comfortable with my son being loud and active, because there was so much going on. And, there was plenty of grass for him to run on. When we stayed in Ubud (Komaneka) I often felt that he was making too much noise. Overall, my friends and I enjoyed our stay. It was there first time, and they though the place was beautiful. This is a good place if you are with big group with varied interests. If you stay here, stay at the club level and avoid the high season. I have a feeling that the rooms are being sold with a package deal in some countries, so this may never happen. The grounds and pool are very beautiful. I am glad that we did stay here at least once. If you don't stay here, come to Dava for a martini. Next time, I will try a different hotel .  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MaisieNewYork
<Content>A Lesson in Compromise I stayed in the Ritz Carlton based on exceptionally low rates on the company's website and glowing online reviews. Although I'm hardly a devotee of the Ritz Carlton brand, it was at the end of a six week trip through Southeast Asia--and after staying at the legendary hotels in other cities, I thought perhaps I could forgo one top hotel on my trip and still be reasonably comfortable and contented with my choice. I was wrong. The Ritz was teeming with tourist groups and families who had no doubt been lured (like me!) by the rate and the raves about the property's amenities and signature saltwater Thalasso spa. Although the grounds were lush with flora and beautifully landscaped gardens, the din of the lobby and crowded pool area was not remotely resort-like or relaxing. It felt more like a convention taken over by the spouses and offspring of the conventioneers.Once shown to my room, I was immediately taken by the cheap quality of the materials used to furnish it--quintessential Ritz style chintz and marble on a poor man's budget. What's more, the walls were paper thin. I could hear the couple next door talking as if they were standing behind my headboard.The next morning, I was awakened at 7:30AM by loud chatter and laughter outside my window. When I drew the curtains back, I was astonished to see three employees gardening five feet outside of my room, socializing as loudly as if it were the middle of the day! I went to the breakfast buffet--which was jam packed with families and children--and immediately felt queasy after drinking the orange juice and tasting my cold scrambled eggs. My spirits were further soured by unsightly unbussed cups and saucers at the only free table I could find. I sustained a mild case of food poisoning from breakfast, and spent the early part of the afternoon resting in the room and wearing earplugs to drown out the noise of the gardeners on one side of my room, and hotel guests passing by my door on the other.The poor customer service didn't stop with dirty dishes and rude gardeners. On several occasions I asked the concierge to help me book a tour or deliver a newspaper to my room. In the Hong Kong Peninsula or the Raffles in Singapore I would have received cordial phone messages and faxes confirming my requests. At the Ritz Carlton, they blew them off. I never received a copy of the daily morning paper I saw at other people's doors. Finally, on my second evening, twisting my body like a contortionist while training my camera on the setting sun, trying to achieve the illusion of a tranquil sunset (hundreds of people around me, I'm not exaggerating, were marring the frame and taking pictures of that sun!), I had had it. I went up to my room and called the Four Seasons in Sayan, Ubud. I explained the noise/crowd issue to the manager, who was sympathetic to my plight and told me he had heard the complaints many times before. He offered me a peaceful villa with a plunge pool and breakfast. I checked out of that noisy, crowded, poor imitation of a five star luxury hotel and never looked back.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>hheidiz
<Content>some people have no idea!! I just cannot understand how anyone could say a bad word about this property! I do not appreciate people writing that it is only receiving good reviews from those who have not travelled anywhere... I have travelled extensively world wide and found this property to be in every way beyond compare. We stayed at Club level which was truly a magnificent experience. The entire stay we were treated royally. The staff spoke excellent English and engaged in conversion well. The staff were beside themselves to be working at this property, we have friends living in Bali and it is widely known that it is a priveledge for the locals to work in such a hotel. I felt no resentment form the staff, this statement I read from another reviewer could not be further from the truth. The cuisine was abundant and presented in a way that amazed and inspired every day. The grounds staff were always attired correctly and I was shocked at the cleaning of the floors, grounds etc, it was continual, I have never seen such polished floors, such orchids, such dedication to perfection. The size of the property was a positive aspect, there was always somewhere new to explore and enjoy! Take the golf cart to the villa check in area, simply stunning and the new bar there. Heaven on earth is how i would describe this property. The Ritz Carlton has won recent awards for service and is certainly not as described in other reviews.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheTraveller65
<Content>Disappointed! My favourite part of about this hotel is the view from the lobby looking down to the ocean and the pool and restaurant down by the ocean. The staff are also very nice and professional as found in all RC. But what i did not like about the hotel was it was so big and spreadout! It really has everything you could possibly want, spa, gym, tennis, endless choices of restaurants and bars.... but with so many great restaurants in Bali it is a shame to stay at the hotel the entire time. The restaurants and bars were empty which guess proves my point. We were there in Jan and it seemed like the only people who were there were either Japanese or Russians. Stayed 1 night and checked out 5 days early. I prefer smaller more intimate places. If you have children or like to stay in a big resort then this is your cup of tea. But if you go to Bali for R  R then I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>Mr_Ushooz
<Content>Stay away! One of the most OVER RATED resorts in the world I travel a lot (have been to over 40 countries), and have stayed in many resorts, from 1 star to 5 star.I am baffled at some of the comments about the Ritz Bali on Trip advisor. Maybe the other people writing reviews have not traveled much, only going to fancy resorts for a honeymoon or anniversary.I must say the Ritz Carlton in Bali is the most over rated hotel/resort I have ever stayed in.I stayed in an Ocean front Villa for three days in January 2008. The Villa was nice, but at around $700 per night, it had better be.However, the service and attention to detail at this resort is horrendous. The staff seems fake, almost to the point you get the feeling they resent you (the average wage for a worker in Bali is $100 per MONTH).Service at the restaurants is poor. After being seated, you often wait more than 10 minutes just to asked if you want something to drink. The Spa claims to be one of the best in the world. I find that to be flat out lie. Much better spas exist outside the hotel. The grounds are big and spacious, but nothing special. In fact, there are often bags of trash left around the resort along the walkways, something that should NEVER happen at a 5-star resort. Construction workers often walk through the resort in raggy attire, making you wonder about security.Many of the staff do not speak good English. Ask them something outside of the key phrases they have been trained to know and respond to, and you will often stump them.This resort could be anywhere in the world. There is nothing special about it. It is NOT A BALI experience. There is no culture here. If you want to go swimming in a big pool, eat in expensive but not so good restaurants, and stay in a decent room, then I guess the Ritz is for you. You could do that other places at a fraction of the price with better service and better ocean views/access.If you want to see the real Bali and have an experience you'll positively remember, then save your money and don't stay here.The Ritz Carlton Bali is one of the most over rated resorts in the world.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	2	2	1	3	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>You can do much better for the price in Bali       Our balcony, viewed from inside the room  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Jupiter03
<Content>Ready to go back again :) My husband wanted the best for our honeymoon and thats exactly what we got at ritz-carlton, bali.....its a beautiful hotel with excellent facilties and is a perfect destination for a romantic-getaway... cut off from rest of the island, on-top-of the cliff it provides a view to the indian ocean that makes u feel that u n ur beau are alone in this world.... we stayed in an ocean-view room , so the view stayed with us throughout the trip...getting down to the facilties there.... the ocean-view, sea-food restaurant is a must.... even if u r vegetarian, go down there for a drink and to enjoy the sun-set.... each of the pools are located in such a way that they seem to be gradully merging into the ocean... once u take a dip in them, u never feel like gettin out...the beach.... o my gawd the kobu beach ..... we went there early morning and it was almost like having ur own private beach... completely secluded.... small but clean and beautiful :)breakfast buffet is also made keeping in mind the diverse nationalities... a huge spread to satisfy all palates...spa is a must too ,..... it transends u to another world....i think a special mention should be made of the staff there..... they are always smiling, willing to help and make you feel special in all ways possible....... i can go on and on about the hotel.... but really that hotel should be experienced and not read about.....me and beau are ready to go back there next year....  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>salarkhan
<Content>Incredible       the bath  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephaniemeyer78
<Content>Stunning Sunsets My husband and I spent four days at the Ritz Carlton for our 10th wedding anniversary and thought it was an amazing experience. It is close to the airport and we enjoyed very much the abundance of space and the all the facilities you would expect in a big hotel.The most memorable thing was going down to the beach for cocktails and watching the sun set and on one of the nights a private dinner on the pier with Balinese music a bit expensive but defiantly a unique experience.We then headed to Ubud for a week to experience another part of the island...All in all this was defiantly one of the best holidays we have taken and we recommend Bali to anyone who is looking for a great trip.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>nonix
<Content>My precious experience Actually it's really difficult for me to rate my overall experience to Ritz Carlton as it's really beyond my imagination  my expected service. The magical environment  the exotic view of Ritz Carlton Bali really amazed me  my husband who just spent one night there. The room was so comfort  cozy,with the Balinese touch. The lobby is so wonderful,especially the perfect view of Hindia Ocean facing us. And the main pool... large  full of Balinese touch on its architecture.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>L0vesBali
<Content>What an amazing place - Magic! We have just arrived back from 5 stunning days at the Ritz Carlton in Bali. We had initially booked an ocean view suite, however when we arrived were told taht they had over booked these particular rooms so they had to upgrade us to a cliff top villa! We checked in reasonably quickly and were then escorted by hotel buggy to the villa.We entered through beautiful balinese doors to the sound of water trickling down the water feature, placed strategically near the entrance. The air temp inside the villa was very refreshing considering the sweltering heat we had experienced outside. Immediatley our eyes were drawn to the private plunge pool directly outside of the double glass doors, off the lounge area. There was also a balinese style cabana and sun lounges for you to enjoy the view. Our view was not of the ocean, however the garden sourrounding the pool area was very nice. Off the lounge area was the bedroom which had a huge king size bed, and a large plasma screen (not that there was any watching tv). From the bed, you could see outside onto the patio area and pool. It was a nice spot to lie when it got too hot outside.The most impressive part of the villa was the gigantic bathroom. It had double vanities, a changing area, a huge shower and toilet area and then the pinicle of the whole room was the huge spa bath sitting in a bay window so that you had full view of the pool while taking a bath. The bath was filled with cool water and had floating frangipani's and rose petals for beautiful presentation.My gorgeous boyfriend would pour a cool bath and a galss of wine for me each night before we went out to relax me so that I could enjoy sunset from the comfort of the bathroom!! It was heaven!The grounds of the Ritz Carton are breath-taking! It is set high on a cliff with green, soft grass areas and crystal cleaqr pools spread all over. The most impressive pool was the one which was set in the cliff side, with views spanning out over the indian ocean. From the pool you could look down to the private beach or out for miles into the ocean. It was a magical place to sit and have a cocktail by the pool in the late afternoon.We ate at the Italian restaurant on the first night we were there. The food was reasonable and the menu was quite extensive. I wouldn't rave about the food and the restaurant was quite empty, without much atmosphere so it wasn't the best night, however it was great that we could just walk from our villa to the restaurant in 5 minutes flat and not have to worry about leaving the grounds. There were some local guys serenading the few guests that were dining with U2 and Elvis Prestly. It was very sweet!My only suggestion, given that I spoke with other guests at the resort, would be to stay in a villa if at all possible. I don't think the experience would have been quite the same if we were staying in a standard room. I heard that some of the rooms are quite out dated and old and not that exciting to spend much time in.The only other problem was the fact that the hotel was quite removed from all of the action at Seminyak. It takes between 30-60 mins to travel to seminyak from the hotel, depending on the traffic. This can get quite frustrating when you are stuck in traffic which happened to us one day.My suggestion for the area of Jimbaran would be to have dinner on the beach where all the local seafood is served. You choose what you want from large water tanks and they cook it fresh on the spot. You sit directly on the sand, surrounded by many many candlelit tables. Its a very romantic and serene expereince.The other must haves in terms of dining for Seminyak would be The Living Room, Ku de ta and a cocktail at The Legian Hotel. All in all, I would say that our experience was extremely pleasant. I would go back there tomorrow given a chance. Bali is an amazing holiday destination with all the luxuries you could desire. We found that the Ritz Carlton provided everything that we had hoped for and then some. Must do it!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Thor13
<Content>Paradise Except       Main Pool  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vmalli
<Content>The awesome Ritz!!! There are very few resorts in the world that give the feeling that it鈥檚 worth visiting the destination just to stay in that resort. And Ritz Carlton Bali is one of them. Make no mistake; Bali in itself is a great destination -- Wonderful people, great culture, amazing architecture and fantastic restaurants. Ritz Carlton is located on a cliff overlooking the Jimbaran bay. The resort's design is impressive, Balinese-inspired -- carved stone fountains, lily ponds and low, open-air public buildings. The resort is spread over 192 acres, employees 900 people, has an awarding winning spa, 3 swimming pools, 12 restaurants and lounges, 368 rooms and 38 villas. The swimming pools are awesome especially the stunning ocean pool. The Spa is really huge and well spread out with a unique hydro therapy pool.Although the standard rooms and suites are luxuriously outfitted with marble floors and Balinese-style furnishings and fabrics, they're fairly generic -- you could be in any Ritz-Carlton in the world. Upgrades get you an ocean view, which alone make them worth springing for. The new private villas, however, with their modern and theatrical take on Balinese design -- minimalist black and beige bedroom with an enormous platform bed surrounded by flowing white curtains -- are far more dramatic. Besides their own VIP lobby and concierge area, they also boast an enormous bathroom with rain shower and sunken marble tub and a private garden with plunge pool.The service is fantastic. The staff go out of it鈥檚 way to make you feel comfortable. Location of the resort is amazing as it is located on a secluded part of Jimbaran bay on top of a cliff with views to die for. However, it鈥檚 'away' from all the action and restaurants. It鈥檚 very simple to get to Kuta and to Seminiyak from here as they are half an hour taxi ride away and by a metered taxi it will cost you just $4 - $5. The bell boys at the resort are more than happy to call for a metered taxi and that鈥檚 the cheapest and the best way to go and catch some action. The only few real drawbacks of this resort are--1. The restaurants within the resort are extremely expensive. The best thing to do to is to take a taxi ride to nearby restaurants or some of the restaurants provide free pick up and drop.2. The resort is very hilly and has lots of up's and downs - - lots steps all over the place. So if your old and your legs are weak this may not be the best option.To put it in a nutshell, I will definitely go back and recommend this incredible resort to anyone looking for a great holiday.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ianwr
<Content>Simply Amazing Resort We stayed at the Ritz Carlton this September for 2 weeks which included getting married in the grounds half way through the holiday. I vowed i'd write one of these reviews when i got back so i'll try to incorporate as many of the things that i wanted to know before going and how we found it.To start off, Bali itself on initially entering the country was a little bot of a let down, when you get there make sure that you have enough hard cash to pay the visa requirement. We didn't and the cash machine rather than logically placing near where you pay for your visa is through passport control so you have to hand it in and have an armed guard escort you to the ATM and then back. Neadless to say the airport was chaos to get in and it took literally 1.5 hours to get through passport control.We got picked up by the tour company and headed off for our first drop at another hotel, even though it was a 5 star hotel its right next to pretty much shanty towns and tin huts in fact some of the back streets to get to these big hotels can look pretty mean at night. On arriving at this 1st hotel 2 machine gus where trained on us and a bomb checking guy went around the car and in the boot. I guess they are still nervous about the bombs a few years ago and it shows.To get to the ritz carlton you literally how to drive through a couple of miles of what can only describe as wasteland, including a quarry and various rubbish dumps which made us think intially what have we done and where have we gone to get married !!Security is tight on the gates of the Ritz Carlton with the same checks again but then entering past the gates is like entering a slice of paradise. It's about a further mile from the front gate to the hotel reception which is all landscaped and fragrent.That was one thing that will stick in my mind just how poor the people are outside the resort where they literally are 50 yds from the main gate in tin shacks and rubbish strewn all around to how opulant it is inside the resort.Needless to say, walking from the resort to anywhere else is pretty much out of the question and you'll need to have some transport. Taxi's are cheap though and depending on what your doing, it may well be better getting a driver for the day. We hired one through the hotel in a private air-con car for about $100 and went out for about 10 hours.We stayed in a deluxe ocean view room which was really good and had most of the things you'd expect from a 5 star hotel, there were one or two small niggles that you don't usually expect from a hotel of this calibure. Sounds strange but there was no full length mirror for my wife to get ready with, the only mirror was in the bathroom and there were no plug sockets in there to plug her straightners in s getting ready for dinner could be a struggle.Service in the hotel was second to none and the hotel staff were very friendly at all times and everything was pristine and spotless.Weather in september was the same every day, temp about 30 degress C and was usually cloudy until about lunchtime where it then cleared and you had sun until about 6pm then with sunset around 6:30pm.Prices in the hotel are reasonable but not cheap as many people make out about bali but then it is a five star hotel so you have to eexpect this especially as you are a captive audience and can't just nip out of the resort into any local shops.Water is free all day and the prices for various items are approx as follows. breakfast about 拢7.5 per person, lunchtime snack approx 拢10, dinner could range from about 拢30 per couple to upt 拢120 depending on where you ate etc. Drinks were about 拢1.50 for the local beer upto mega money for champagne. We would class ourselves as pretty average eaters and over a 2 weeks period we spent about 拢2,000 (pounds) at the resort and i would say about 拢1500 of that was on food and drink without going overboard either.There are about 5 different restaurants all exceptional in quality and we couldn't fault one thing with the food, it was exceptional every day. Othe facilities are excellent like the spa, pools, internet, gym etc. We spent 2 weeks there pretty much just in the hotel, we did venture out for the odd day or two sight seeing etc but you can easily spend this long in the hotel and not get bored if your a couple and enjoy a bit of sunbathing.I would say this isn't a hotel for a group of single sex holiday makers looking for a wild night out. The city is about 45 mins away in a taxi and there are no clubs on site just restaurants and one bar which was usually pretty much empty. It is totally geared for couples especially ones getting married. there are kids facilities on site but these are limited and to be honest i didn't see many kids at all while there.On our wedding day we got given one of the best villas for the night and the villas are totally out of this world, just fantastic. Saying that they were about $300 more per night than our existing room but if you can afford it then definately go for one. Saying that i think we got more out of the resort by staying in the main block as you are forced to visit the restaurants for dinner where in the villas you can order room service to your door and not even go out.As for weddngs, we originally were told by the estate agent that they hardly have any here and its all very special. Although it was special and they do everything they can for you its certainly not just you getting married. On our day there were two other couples getting married, we didn't see them as there are about 4 wedding venues but photo's became a problem after the ceremony at times as they don't want the brides to see each other to organise it via radio to move to certain locations when one has gone. All very funny but it limits the time you have to get your wedding shots before it goes dark.All in all i would give the resort a 5 star rating, we loved it they make everything seem special and the wedding co-ordinators are brilliant. Definately come here to get married or on honeymoon as its very quiet, very relaxing and very intimate.Don't come here if you want wild parties, nightclubs or partying until 5am each morning.Hope this review helped and if you want any other advise then just contact me.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmalux
<Content>Still love it       cliff ocean pool  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mpolatin
<Content>Amazing Place - Great Service The photos of this place on the Ritz Website does not do it justice! This is the first time I've been to a hotel where the property was actually much better than the online photos -- just amazing pools and grounds. Probably some of the best in the world. The service was also great, but not in your face...The one downside is the beaches are not great -- you have to climb about 400 stairs down a cliff, though it is a beautiful walk and they give you cold towels and water...Also, the property is quite affordable - we paid around $200 a night (US) and were then given an opportunity to upgrade to a private condo with a plunge pool for $350 more a night. We did, and for $550 the place is unbelievable with your own private pool and waterfall -- and it is like having your own house because the place is so huge. I would warn you to make sure you get one of the good villas. Some are looking over native land where farmers and cows mingle, hurting the privacy - which is the best part of the villa. Also, the farmers sometime set fires to burn brush and this can be very annoying. The staff accommodated our request to switch villas, but we had to ask and be persistent....LAST BUT NOT LEAST, you must take at least 1 day trip around Bali and DONT go through the Ritz. Going with one of their drivers costs a fortune. WE reccomend getting a private driver that truly knows the lay of the land and the locals. We hired a driver named Dewa and he was incredible!!! GET DEWA! He was very flexible, intelligent, spoke great English, fun to hang out with and drove us around for 10 hours -- which only cost around $50 (US) for the netire day. Dewa also knows all the best spots to see monkeys, ride elephants, shop for bargains, hike etc...Dewa's website: [--]...Bali is an amazing place!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravellerExotica
<Content>The Jewel of Jimbaran Ritz Bali is unique as it offers two drastic holiday opinions sorted out by most holiday makers all within the resort estate. It offers the commercially accessible that works well for families and the young couples. Yet within the same estate a more upscale and executive opinions are available for those that graviate towards high-end and tranquil settings. Either opinions does comes with a price tag. Our recent experience took advantage of and able to explore the different settings in a series of room/suite/villas buffets over a 9 days period. Here is our adventure.Ritz Bali EstateIts huge. The only way to bring two very different concepts within the resort is to have land. Ritz Bali had plenty of. Because its situated in Jimbaran, the resort took advantage of the coast line and incorporate this into it resort concept both in the high-end Villas and many of their restaurants. Entering the resort is telling of the size of the estate. It took a close 5 minutes car ride from the resort gates to the main reception area. There are multiple reception areas within this resort. Depending on what room you are staying in. The main reception is one that saw heavy human traffic. One you find in any commercial hotels. While the settings is very baliness with stone cravings decorated pillars, high ceilings and a small infinity pool to try welcome the more likely tired guest. The amount of guests checking in and out of the resort brings a very stressful environment. Much like what you find in a busy international airport especially during the day. In comparison the Villas reception marks a stark different to the main reception. Its set on a artifical pond with waterfall on one side, 3 piece balinese band dishing out traditional music on the other. There is often no crowd (and for the price many guests). The third reception is on an executive floor of the resort club room. While it is small its focus is executiveness. You need a keycard to access to this floor.The roomsWe are fortunate to try the three types of rooms offered; standard superior, clubroom and cliff villas. All great! The rooms are what you would find in good class business hotels with ample space, separate standing shower and a bathtub. The rooms also have a small balcony with deck chairs if you need some fresh air. Clubrooms have added compliments of fresh flowers, fruits and all the amenities you find in a deluxe room. The biggest draw of clubrooms is the club lounge access. With five food presentation throughout the day and free flow of drinks (yes wine and liquor included) it will compensate the price of the food and drinks in the resort. The service in the club lounge is great and live up to the executivity it market to be. The servers will make an effort to remember your name and your favorite drink! The food while sniplets is very nicely done. It live up to the standards of a deluxe hotel. We found clubrooms are the most value for money! So what about the villas? Having stayed in a standard room and moved to a cliff villas is like transcending from the have-not to the class of it own. First off the villas is huge with a garden and a plunge pool. It even afford personal pavillon! The villas had 3 separate space; living, bed and bathroom each of equal size! Everything is decorated with stone cravings and wood trimmings that reflects luxury. Each space had a center piece; the living room - the lounge chair; the bedroom - the 4 posterbed, the bathroom - a bathtub strategically peach with view surrounded by 3 full height window. I have not mentioned each villas comes with a 24 hour bulter service. Each double as cabby to take you anywhere within the resort compound. Because the villas are seclusively located and away from the main facilities (and crowd), you will need very much need this.The FacilitiesAs we were pampered either in the self contained villas or the club lounge, we spent little time on the compound facilities. There were a number of facilities that will awe many first timers to Bali resorts including a pool that peach next to an artifical waterfall, infinity pools, pool bars, library with internet facilities that is complimentary to villas guests, a small beach if you willing to climb the steps and of course a great frontage of the India Ocean. These however while great nice-to-have will likely not impress many seasoned resort goers especially if you been to Bali a number of times. Many of these facilities are situated at or near the hotel wing so do expect to share the treasured finds with lots of crowd. There is a well established spa within the resort compound (as in most good Bali resorts). The pride of the spa is the Rock which had a spa pavillon on a rock island. This too has a price tag that will likely set you way back. What's commentable are the complimentary facilities within the spa compound like saunas and the jacuzzi pool that set within a cavelike enclosure. These are open to resort guests.The BreakfastI would usually not single this as a segment in my feedback on a resort I visit. For Ritz Bali I would need to first for the resort to improve on and potential guests to know there are smarter options. All standard room guests will be directed during check-in to Padi (The Thai Restaurant) for breakfast. You know you are the standard room guests if your room is on the left of main entrance of the two wing hotel. If you are here is the hint. Padi offers buffet-style breakfast with a good spread. The restaurant however can not take the close to two hundred rooms house guests at one time. Be there very early and prepare for a queue. Like guests before us that left comments there are usual rush for food and occasions the kitchen cannot cope. We did explore after our first day and realize the Italian restaurant do offer seat-down breakfast. Of course you have less variety but it keep your blood pressure within safety limits. Now for club level and villas guests you will not have this problem. Club guest get to dine in the lounge which first off is more quiet and orderly. The breakfast choices are the same as those in Padi. Villas guest get to dine in Davo. The Fusion restaurant. Its a seat-down breakfast but you can order whatever on the menu as long as your stomach have the room for. Davo is an award winning restaurant so expect a great breakfast. I truly can't help after our first mad rush breakfast experience and moved to better grade rooms/villas to feel sorry for the rest of guest in the standard rooms. Readers do be warned. This is one situation where a choice of rooms do help.Dinning ConceptsLike any good resorts that wanted more of inhouse guest dollars, Ritz Bali had come up with a number of creative dinning concepts to entice its guests. To take a step further it has a restaurant deskfront within the reception to help guests select the best dinning concepts. As Ritz Bali is a popular wedding and honeymoon spot, the concepts are both interesting and refreshing. First off there are six restaurants to spoil the choice of inhouse guests. It ranges from Thai, Italian, Japanese, Fusion and Seafood. Many are award winning restaurants. Each will dish out very respectable fine dinning experience. The price is also set at that range too. You need to be mentally prepared your dinning experience as one you likely would have and paid for in a high-end restaurant back home. The service is up to that mark too. Several prior commentary were made with comparsion to local Bali experience which is a faction of those in Kuta or Legian. Ritz commands this because it fully optimize nature backdrop as part of the dinning experience. Take Pesta Lobster Dinning. Its set on a jetty with only one table for two, with full attendance of a dedicated bulter and a three piece band that dish out traditional balinese muisc throughout your dinning. You get to view the famous Jimbaran sunset all by yourself. For such experience prepare to cough out slightly more then five hundred USD (inclusive 21% tax) for the three hour without wine. A word of caution to fully understand what each dinning concept entails as some may sound interesting initially but may not turn out what you would envisioned. We did try three of their four speciality concepts and not really liking every one. Of course we paid plenty to try in the first place. Another area that guests need to be aware is prices of wine is higher then what you can get and what I as a wine lover is somewhat disappointed is the selections are limited and not the range that would you would expect for the price, whichever part of the world you come from. We had foresight to get two bottles of exquisite wine on our way to Bali. Corkage is affordable and would be a better option if you, like me crave to compliment your food with good wine.Overall Ritz Bali has the glamour and resort charm. Our trip is most pleasant and very much enjoyable. Of course we need to get back to reality and starting patching the hole in our pocket!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbug323
<Content>Stay in a Cliff Villa--so worth it!!! This resort is absolutely amazing. My husband and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton for the second part of our Honeymoon and we were in complete paradise. The property is a dream come true.All of the Resort employees were magificent and made one feel liek a king or queen. I have nothing negative to stay about my stay at the Ritz. I highly reccomend all of the restaurants on the premises !! Our favorite of all was the seadfood restaurant, KISIK Oh my goodness, the seafood was delicious and so fresh. The food was a little pricey but cheap compared to the resort we stayed in Seminyak. One of the nights, we dined at Cafe Bagus in Jimbaran Bay. The seafood and service was outstanding. On the last 3 nights of our stay, we upgraded to a VILLA. It was the most beautiful, luxurious villa I have ever seen. We had our own personal pool. Our view from every angle of the villa was to-die-for.Our Honeymoon was one to always remember! We are dreaming of returning soon.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Cchen
<Content>splurge on the Ritz - Jimbaran We stayed at the Ritz for my birthday, and had an incredible experience. The staff are amazingly helpful, friendly, and speak english very well. the grounds were perfectly tended, and the swimming pools can't be beat . The Spa at the Ritz was also fantastic. If you do go, skip the buffet breakfast and head to the ala carte restaurant for a great meal!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaws7
<Content>fabulous ritz carlton stayed here for 10 days from 9th sept this year - booked in club level and room was lovely with 4 poster bed, huge tv screen. Staff are so friendly and accommodating - Club Level gives you access to Club Room offering 5 different drinks and dinner services throughout the day - well worth it - plus free aquatonic pool session and extra laundry rewards - a must do is the Pesto lobster experience on private jetty with 4 course lobster meal - very romantic experience - also spa on the rocks amazing experience - restaurants are all good - Dava is fantastic - had a night in a villa which was wonderful - private plunge pool etc - very fancy - the pools are all amazing and very enjoyable - I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Bali as you are looked after very well by all the staff and made to feel very welcome! Only negative thing is they do not have a cashpoint on site or near its a taxi ride away which is a bit of a pain!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KMarkhart
<Content>Loved it - Wonderful Honeymoon! Our recent honeymoon at the Ritz Carlton in Bali was beyond amazing. The service was impeccable and the food was delicious. Of course the food and drinks are much more expensive at the resort than outside in the local towns, but it was worth it to enjoy the excellent service and convenience of staying at the resort. We stayed our first 7 nights in a Deluxe Ocean View Suite - the room was beautiful and we had turndown service every night (in addition to regular room cleanings). There are not too many TV channels there, but who needs TV when you're in such a beautiful location? Our last 4 nights were spent in a Private Villa - total luxury. The private beach at the Ritz was definitely a hike, but well worth it once you arrived down there (recommend that you bring some snacks with you). We did not book where the morning breakfast was included (which made it pricey for us - about $30-$35 pp!) so we would recommend booking where your breakfast is included (a majority of guests seemed to have this option). Sunset cocktails in front the pool were superb, you can't beat the views. Sami-Sami had wonderful Italian food, we ate there a couple of times. Zen had some of the most amazing sushi we've ever had, we ate there a couple times as well and highly recommend it. We enjoyed it all, it was a truly amazing honeymoon and we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RPF62
<Content>Incredible resort! My girlfriend and I only spent two nights here upon arriving in Bali, but what an experience! After the Ritz shuttle drove us to the hotel, we were met with leis, intoxicating fragrant towels, welcome drinks and a hot bath full of aromatic orchids. After 30 hours of travel from the States, the Ritz Bali was the perfect cure for the jetleg.Because our Deluxe Ocean View Room was unavailable, we were upgraded to a Suite (we didn't complain). The view had a nice balcony with views of the gardens and the Indian Ocean. It was a great spot to enjoy a cocktail before heading out for the night. If I had to choose one quality which stands out among the positive features of this resort, it鈥檚 definitely the grounds. The resort is a landscaping masterpiece. Colorful flowers adorn the surroundings and the three infinity pools and make for the perfect relaxing environment during the day. The breakfast buffet was delicious and the eating area is situated among various fish ponds which dot the resort. For an unforgettable experience, I highly recommend the Pesta Lobster dinner; it's a 5-course private dinner on the pier complete with your own private percussion band playing music in the background. As you watch the gorgeous sunset, you can hear the crashing of the Indian Ocean waves beneath you. For the quality of the food, the ambience and the fact that it鈥檚 at the Ritz, it is a great deal for your money. Keep in mind you must reserve ahead of time, and accommodations can be made through the website. The staff is very friendly and helpful and they treat you like royalty the entire time. We enjoyed the spa, including the Balinese massage and the Eternal Couples package. Both were excellent.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>May-Tong
<Content>Superb Resort, Outstanding Service! Our trip was so pleasurable because of The Ritz. From the moment of our arrival to the check-in, we were made to feel special and welcome. The resort overlooking the spectacular Indian Ocean is situated up the cliff. We were overwhelmed by the size of the resort- private beach, stunning Ocean Beach Pool (saltwater, A pool you MUST at least see!), 4 swimming pools and even a separate children鈥檚 pool with waterslides (My boy enjoyed!). Jimbaran Bay is The Place to watch the sunset. Its even better to do it in Ritz,a lying in posh 鈥渂eds鈥?near the Ocean Beach Pool. As its location is exclusive (right at the end of the road), so there鈥檚 no way you can venture out without a transport. The resort provides free shuttle to Kuta Centre near Discovery Shopping Centre, book at least a day in advance as it may be packed. If I didn鈥檛 recall wrongly 鈥?The van leaves resort @10am, 11.30am, 1.30pm  3pm. Return ends at 3.30 or so. Taxi to Kuta is about Rp40,000 (run by meter). Its easy to get taxi to  fro. Many taxi drivers we spoke to say they wait for hours to get a passenger. One told us he had been plying the streets of Kuta for 3 hours before we flag him down. Being Ritz, expect to pay a price for food  drinks. A plate of Nasi Goreng (Fried Rice) with tax costs Rp153,000. I highly recommend seafood at the northern warang, Jalan Pantai Kedonganan. Restaurants are situated near the beach with fine and clean sand. Its less crowded and looks cleaner than the southern warang near Four Seasons. We tried the Fortuin Caf茅 and thought the food was very good. Lobster at Rp 32,000/100g, seafood fried rice Rp50,000. We ate 1 lobster 700g, 1 grouper 1kg (enough for 2 adults 1 child) comes with rice, fries, soup, vege with tax Rp 371,000. We realized that the restaurant provide free transport to  fro hotel only when we were there. Call the restaurant @ 0361 709034 or Diska (One of the partner鈥檚 son) @081805583960. They鈥檒l be more than happy to fetch. Anyway, we spent most of our time at the hotel enjoying the resort as much as we can!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Miciogatto
<Content>Loved the Ritz Carlton Bali I have recently spend 4 nights at the Ritz Carlton in Bali. I'd like to give a few advice:1. book a Club room if you do not have children under 12: the rooms are new with nice furniture, great view, big plasma TV, large bathroom with separate shower and little balcony. If you stay at the Club you have separate check-in and out (important in this very crowded hotel!!!), five food presentations every day (you could really eat only at the Club lounge, where you have breakfast, midday snack, afternoon tea, aperitifs and after dinner spirits and chocolates), newspapers.2. do not miss the two beaches of the hotel: one is right below the main pool, after a few stairs, with nice restaurant and bar, infinity pool with seawater and nice day-beds. The other one is in another bay, you have to go 185 steps down (I think they are even more...) but once you are there it is like paradise. Only a small menu with lots of drinks or if you want picnic baskets prepared and delivered to you on the beach in an hour. The staff is really nice and helpful. They call you by name (not easy in hotels so big and crowded)3. do not miss the experience of the hydrotherapy at the main pool of the Spa. Even if they charge you $40 it's a unforgettable experience especially at sunset. A real magic place.4. Try the Japanese restaurant (fully renovated) which offer a sushi bar, a Teppaniaki and a Korean barbecue: expensive but excellent quality5. try the new restaurant Dava, at the Villa area, after an aperitif at the Martini Bar: both these places are new, with excellent staff, nice view and good food. Expensive, yes, but really romantic.6. do not go at this Ritz Carlton if you look for a hotel with international guests. It seems there are only Japanese and Korean: they said 70% of the guests, I'd say 95%. The other 5% European (German, Spanish, Italian).  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tracie58712
<Content>What a Place!!! If you're are anything like me, you visit TripAdvisor almost every day before you leave to see if there were any new reviews on the hotel you chose to stay in in Bali. Because of that, I'll try to comment on everything about this amazing resort.Prior to our departure, we confirmed airport pickup though the hotel's online request service. Imagine our surprise when we exited the doors of the airport and saw dozens of people holding papers with names on them, but none of them ours. Yeah, it was a bit interesting/stressful, to say the least. Thankfully we found a phone and called the resort, who said that the shuttle would be there in 5 minutes. This was interesting, too, since our flight actually was a bit delayed. No sooner after we hung up the phone, a guy with a sign Ritz-Carlton found us and ushered us into the van. Fortunately, this airport snafu wasn't indicative of the hotel and our stay.There was a bottle of champagne for us as we made our way to the resort. It was part of our package and a really cool touch. When we pulled up to the hotel, security checked all around the vehicle, and then lifted the gate for us to drive the 1KM to the front of the resort. Upon arrival, we were greeted with a fragrant lei, some wonderful juice (pineapple guava? we never figured out what it was exactly), and a cold towel that had been soaked in frangipani. Check-in was seamless, and we were taken to our room (1326) right away. The room was amazing. We had an ocean view deluxe room, and contemplated upgrading to a villa, but ultimately decided that the room we were given was nice enough (plus, we didn't want to spend $300 more/night!!!). Their was a canopy bed with crisp white linens, a flat screen TV, yummy bedside snacks, a Bose speaker system with iPod capabilities, a nice tub with floating flowers, and robes waiting for us. The only thing I could possibly fault about the room was the lack of an alarm clock, or even a clock for that matter. It got to be annoying having to keep asking my husband what time it was (I'm sure for him, too!). As others have mentioned, the walls were kinda thin, but this didn't seem to be a problem for us, as we were awake and asleep at the same times as the people around us. I can see how this might be a problem for some though.The hotel grounds are simply amazing. The landscaping, flowers, carvings, etc. are all so beautiful. The attention to detail is unparalleled. They have thought of everything and execute it all wonderfully. Every single staff member, from reception to the grounds crew, has a smile on his/her face, and is eager to greet you with a good morning/afternoon/evening. The grounds are pretty vast... I think 80hectacres, but we didn't find anything to be too far to walk. There is a complimentary shuttle at the front for those who don't want to walk, though.We had breakfast every morning at Padi. The spread was great and there was something for everyone. Have the hazelnut brioche... you won't be disappointed!! We had dinner one night at Padi, also, and were highly impressed with the Thai cuisine. Don't miss out on the banana crisps for dessert. They are SO worth it!! Trust me. We dined one night at Sami Sami and were impressed with the Italian food. Actually, the food everywhere at the resort was amazing. I don't think you could get a bad dish. Their food and beverage operations are phenomenal. We were fortunate enough to use the spa facilities three times during our stay. The first treatment we received was a Balinese massage and was a part of our package. The treatment was nice, but neither my room nor my husbands had music, which was kinda odd. I don't know if this was a fluke or what, but the music was on during our other treatments. I had the Ritz Supermodel package, a Thermes Firming facial, and a manicure and my husband had a reflexology treatment. The spa is great. After you check-in, you are given some more of that wonderful pineapple/guava juice and then ushered into the locker room, which was equipped with everything you would need after your treatment. The spa rooms were spacious and nice. Gung-In was my therapist for two treatments and I highly recommend her. Following the treatment, you receive a Balinese cake and either water or lime juice, depending on the time of the day. The hotel offers many activities that you might want to take advantage of. We took the hotel shuttle out to Kuta one day. There are only 11 spots on the shuttle, so if you want to leave at a certain time, make sure you request it with the concierge. We also hired a taxi that took us out to the Uluwatu temples. Be careful of the monkeys.. we saw a guy lose his glasses to them while we were there. Also, be cautious of anyone who seems official and tries to take you around the grounds on a guided tour. Chances are, they are not and will expect a tip after speeding you through the grounds. We learned this the hard way. Go around 5PM and stay for the traditional dance that starts at 6PM. The taxi has a three-hour minimum, so this is perfect. We spent most of our time at the ocean pool, which is not to be confused with the Kubu private beach, although we did spend one day there, as well. The ocean pool is located down a bunch of steps (141 if I recall correctly) and is an infinity pool. There aren't many spots for people to lay out by the pool, so it's quieter than other spots around the resort. Don't worry about bringing a towel to the pool; two towels are provided and a Ritz staff member will unroll it and set up your chair for you once you get there. As soon as someone leaves, they replace the towels. We booked a picnic lunch down at Kubu beach one day. It's quite a workout getting down to the beach. Something like 191 steep steps. The ocean is nice, but too strong to swim in, so it's more just for relaxing. Take the hotel shuttle to the entrance... it's quite a walk if you don't. Walking back up the steps is where the challenge comes in! This resort was amazing and we are so lucky that we were afforded the opportunity to stay here. I will admit that I was a bit nervous and anxious about traveling to Bali, but after staying here and getting to know some of the local people, I didn't want to leave! Have a great time!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pickytravelerSF
<Content>Luxurious Resort       Main Swimming Pool  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bbbs
<Content>Beautiful Grounds Possibly one of the best hotels in terms of landscaping that we鈥檝e ever visited. The grounds are extremely beautiful, with eye pleasing architecture infused with simple Balinese accents. The staff is extremely gracious and speaks extremely good English, they never hesitate to greet you when they pass by. Our room was not ready when we arrived because the entire hotel seemed to be almost fully booked, but we just spent the time exploring the grounds. Initially we were given a room on the first floor, however, it was completely adjacent to the mini golf course and the area for garbage disposal (?! Why they even have a room near there is beyond me) so we called and were able to change rooms swiftly and without any problems (once again the staff were very helpful). The room itself is not spectacular, however the floor is marble and the TV is a huge flat screen. Bathroom came with a tub and separate walk in shower and toilet, everything was extremely clean and the hairdryer is probably one of the most efficient I鈥檝e ever used. The Ritz has 4 pools: 3 of them on the main hotel area, and the last, a hike down to near the beach. The main pool is an infinity pool: long and rectangular, good for swimming laps and taking pictures out towards the sea. This infinity pool falls over into another pool below it which is more for paddling around in. The children鈥檚 pool off to the side is complete with small water slides. The last pool was our favorite, the hike was not very taxing at all (though it does involve a large number of stairs so those with difficulty climbing stairs should beware), but the beauty and serenity of the pool completely makes up for it. There are even small, covered cabanas staggered on levels leading to the pool if you just want to lie in the sun or watch the ocean if all the lounge chairs on the pool deck are full. The staff even came around with skewers of cold fruit and squirt bottles filled with cold water to keep us cool. The breakfast buffet was decent, with choices sure to satisfy all tastes, from asian to western, but if your room does not come with free breakfast it may not be worth it. The spa and fitness center was well equipped and had very pleasant and accommodating staff. The only downside to this hotel perhaps, is its isolation from鈥?well, frankly, everything. Though there is a stretch of beachside restaurants nearby, it is more than a 2 km walk. And the town of Kuta is more than a 15 minute car ride. The hotel does provide a shuttle but only 4 times a day with only 1 trip per time, each trip being able to hold only 10 people, so you must book in advance. But for those who came to Bali to sunbathe and relax, the Ritz is an amazing place for it.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pocohontasEngland
<Content>Fabulous! I came here with my extended family, we're all different ages and we all thought it was superb. My aunt and uncle mainly stayed by the main pool, which is fabulous and has a huge waterfall, or there is a smaller, more intimate pool a small buggy ride away. For my dad and I, the hotel organised a mountain biking day out around the coast and we ended up at dreamland beach which is just fabulous. The rooms are immaculate too and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MerlionParis
<Content>Disappointed This is a nice resort with wonderful ocean views and best place for watching sunset. That鈥檚 the only impressive part of our stay. We regretted having chosen Ritz Carlton for our last 5 days in Bali. Perhaps we were well pampered at Uma Ubud that we expected the same here. 1. We were woken up every morning by occupants above us dragging furniture in the room.2. Long queue for breakfast almost every morning. Our very first day, it was raining and we had to queue with umbrellas only to be told later to go elsewhere for breakfast. We should have insisted on staying in line but no we left. How do you like that for a start?? Mind you, it's our first day and we're not familiar with the hotel grounds. We finally got our breakfast after a lot of hassle.3. I called the guest service staff to tell about all the inconveniences I had so far. He promised to look on the issue and call me back ; but of course nothing was done till my last day!Such a shame for a lovely resort with such incompetent staff!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>luxury-lizard
<Content>Ritz - some good and some not so good stuff My husband and I just returned from Bali where we spent 6 nights at the RC at Jimbaran and then 6 nights at The Viceroy in Ubud (see separate review). The RC is quite nice - it has spectacular gounds and very nice pool areas (as per other reivews) as well as a private beach which is wonderful albiet down 184 steep stairs.The RC is however quite far from other hotels / towns - at least 20 minutes by taxi (taxis are cheap and plentiful but it can be a bit of a drag not to be able to walk anywhere). The restaurants are good (not great) and charge 5* prices (as do all other 5* hotels in Bali).After the first night in a standard room (which had partial ocean views and had been redecorated) we opted for a Club Room at $170 extra pn - it was an identical room with full ocean views but the Club extras simply were not worth the additional money.I had 3 spa treatments and they were top notch - again US$$ prices. My one gripe is that the famous hydroponic pools at the sps cost an additional $40 per person per 2 hour visit - quite OTT.The RC's top restaurant is Dava - located in the villa area - it has a spectacular setting and excellent (eclectic) food. As an aside we went to Ku De Ta one evening for dinner (in Seminyak) - and it's a great overall experience - try it !!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jaye_w
<Content>Could have been great... I stayed at this resort located approximately 20 mins from Depensar Airport over the weekend. Apparently, the hotel was running at 100% occupancy and that probably explains why service was slow at times..for example, we waited nearly 20 mins for a buggy to bring us from the lobby to the villas! Hotel room was well-kept and only showed some signs of age (bearing in mind that the resort is already 11 yrs old!) Bathroom in the resort view room was huge with separate shower and bath facilities. Breakfast was served @ 2 restaurants from 630am-1030am daily and consist of the usual assortment of items. Spa looked busy and a tad commercialised but I didn't have a chance to try it out so I cannot comment on the services. Do try out the ocean pool which I believe is the latest addition to the resort. It is easily missed as there are no directions printed on the hotel factsheet.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TokyoSurferboy
<Content>Good but not great Stayed at the Ritz for 4 days in April but were not too excited about it. Weather was bad - thunderstorms and constant raining (of course not the Ritz' fault). We have been to Bali many a times (4 Seasons, Melia, Sofitel, Oberoi, Club at Legian, etc) but were a little bit disappointed about the Ritz and its location.Plus: Overall architecture is very nice; main pool area beautiful and fun to hang around; drinks/food service good and staff are attentive. Salt-water pool down at the cliffs was excellent.Minus: Location - if you're used to Legian/Seminyak area with plenty of cheap but delicious restaurants and convenience stores down the road you will be disappointed. Tried some of the in-house restaurants but thought them to be way over-priced and portions very small (especially the Thai restaurant down the stairs from the lobby). Accomodation - room was OK but nothing to be excited about. Probably wouldn't stay at the Ritz again due to prices and limited location.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akboxak
<Content>One of the Best!       Food at the club  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DUDETTE33
<Content>My new favorite hotel in Bali       ah...., lounging chairs  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seoulsister
<Content>Ritzy Ritz Carlton ritz carlton bali: at $200 for deluxe (ie, standard) partial ocean view bookedthrough [--], incl. tax and breakfast. my husband thought it was adeal, cos of the level of amenities -- it's a truly luxurious resort on par withthe international best. was a splurge for us but well worth it: three extremelybeautiful pool areas. the main loungey pool is big, nice, infinity pool whereyou gaze out into the indian ocean. the beach pool is even better -- completelyunobstructed cliff view, and not too many people as the steps down and up are abit of a climb. at sunset, it's just unbeatable. the next morning we ventured tothe villa pool, a short 2 min. ride away on a cart/mini-van provided by thehotel. incredibly sculpted pool environment with several architecturallystunning pools, also not many people as it's used mainly by villa folks but opento all. the boutique there (and at the main hotel) is also nice. another 3 min.ride away is kubu beach, the tiny private beach operated by the hotel. wow. it'slike dreamlands or padang padang without the rocks and touts. completelyundisturbed piece of paradise, and, though small, the kind of beach you've beenlooking for all your life. after the 150 step climb up, the staff reward youwith ice cold water, much appreciated. our room at the ritz, although their mostbasic, was very nice, big enough, with veranda and partial ocean view. alsoseparate shower and basic bathtub. my hubby liked the personal safe in bothsofitel and ritz carlton (you can store your valuables in alam shanti's officesafe). breakfast, when we arrived, was full! they tried to steer us to anotherrestaurant but we waited and were shown a table 5 minutes later. the spread waslarge, mix of western, indonesian, japanese (clientele is at least 80% asian atthe ritz - jpse, korean and taiwanese- compared to the other hotels, sofitelmainly european and some american).expensive restos in hotel we didn't try, but breakfast spread is grand. we had seafood in jimbaran which was nice for ambience and so-so for taste.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zermatt2002
<Content>A big bang for less than USD200/night! We stayed at a resort view room for four nights in May 2007. It was such a fantastic experience that we felt sad leaving the hotel. We were very disappointed with Bali in general and the Kuta beach in particular, but the Ritz-Carlton Bali was definitely the highlight of our trip. We ended up staying inside the hotel properties most of our time in Bali. We traveled extensively around the world, but the Ritz-Ccarlton Bali still amazes us. Considering that we paid only about USD 187/night, I doubt that one could find a better deal elsewhere in the world. If you have a deep pocket, go for a cliff villa. Otherwise, stay in a resort view room and you get to use the magnificiant pools and wander around the tastefully designed tropical gardens. You get the picture. Ritz Bali is a perfect place for total relaxation. Classy, secluded and most importantly, affordable. 1) Room: Since we booked the cheapest room type, we didn't expect too much. The room is not that new by Asian standards, but it's spacious, the amenities are good and there are housekeeping twice a day. We were lucky to get a room right by the golf course. What a view!2) Facilities: There're two major pools. One is an infinity pool at the heart of the hotel ground, and the other is a river pool. Most people gether around the ifinity pool to see the ocean view. I like the river pool better. Very few people actually went that far to the river pool. I was the only person swimming. I felt like swimming in my own private pool! The river pool was sooooo stunning that we spent half of the day there and went back twice. 3) Services: Services are impeccable! Staff always greet you with a smile and are willing to go out their way to help you. If you have time, don't forget to take the free shuttle to the Kubu private beach. 4) Restaurants: We only went to Padi, where breakfast was served by the beautiful lily pond. Padi was rated as the best restaurant in Indonesia. I'm not surprised. The Japanese and Indonesian breakfast were artfully cooked! If possible, try to have your breakfast included in your hotel package. (It's about USD 30/person if it's not included in the package.) Restaurants inside the hotel are expensive even by New York standards. The only exception is the buffet dinner (USD 55 +21% tax) ) that is offered outdoors once a week. It sounds expensive, but it's a bargain. You see the Balinese dance show. For our lunch, we took the 11:30 AM free shuttle to Kuta to sample a wide array of Indonesian food at much lower prices. We took the 3:45 PM shuttle back to the hotel. I gave Ritz Bali a 95 on a scale of 100. (The minus 5 goes to the inhibitive food prices.)  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>figaro11
<Content>Great for Honeymooners not single travellers I was travelling alone and needed a solitary quiet vacation, that is why I chose jimbaran and the ritz carlton. it was a good stay overall except for the fact that everyplace was made for honeymooners. The outdoor dinner special was only for couples and i was requested to try another restaurant after i had previously booked for dinner. I guess they assume that everyone is with someone. Boo hoo. The funniest and a bit bothersome part is that the walls of the rooms are thin and my room was sandwiched between two very eager honeymooners who were not exactly quiet about their pleasures. After two nights of oohs, aaahs and screams filtering through the walls and into my lonely room, I requested a change of room. You can imagine how I explained why i needed the room change. The staff was so understanding, they told me to play a CD. I properly gave them a sample of the quality and volume of the sound from the neighboring rooms and they immediately understood. Thank god the pool and spa was not for couples only. Enjoyed the aqua exercise pool. I truly enjoyed myself. Not my first Ritz Carlton experience and won;t be my last.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TTIW
<Content>Great experience I came for a short break and stayed at a villa. The villas are very well appointed, and the grounds are beautiful. The pool area is gorgeous too. Service is great - thoughtful without being overbearing. The only slight complaint is that food at the breakfast buffet is quite mediocre.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Burracooka
<Content>Really Wonderful Experience We have just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton. After some problem with initital check-in  room allocation which was rather poorly handled, we settled in beautifully for a really wonderful week.This property was stunning, the Villas superbly appointed and the butler service was generally very good.In room dining could be somewhat slow and cold, although the majority of resort's restaurants made up for this. Dava especially deserves a mention. Stunnning food!The Spa was very good although it did seem to depend on the therapist you were lucky enough to get. Our travelling companions thought it was very average and preferred the Four Seasons spa down the road. We on the other hand had nothing but good experiences, although I must admit that you did feel somewhat churned through. Not a terribly caring or intimate experience. The kids club was rather mediocre. Complacent staff, average programmes and the room was quite hot. Most of the kids looked tired and uninterested. We used the in-staff babysitters  they were generally better.Overall I would rate this hotel well  I would return again but I think that the Villas were the only way to go.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>kaboju
<Content>An amazing hotel This hotel is absolutely amazing. The food is delicious and the service is the best that we have ever received (we have stayed in many 5 star hotels) - every need was fulfilled with a smile at all times. The staff was very friendly and if you would like to know more about life in Bali, the staff is happy to chat. The Spa is fantastic and highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blubs
<Content>Gorgeous villas!       View from cliff villa lobby  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>1980marc
<Content>Beautiful hotel, terrible service Beautiful hotel, although maybe a bit too large.Stayed in the more expensive villa's. Ground water was seeping through the floor, which was not dealt with adequately (the hotel's solution was laying towels on the floor). Room service was consistently late, if it showed up at all. Overall: very dissapointing, but has the potential to be much better with good management.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	1	2	

<Author>chinagirl
<Content>Spectacular We stayed here for six days in February and had a fantastic time. We had an ocean view room with a very large bathrooom and a deck overlooking the ocean. The hotel is simply gorgeous. We particularly liked spending time at the beach (2km away and down 180 steps so very uncrowded) and the ocean pool, which is set on a cliff overlooking the Indian Ocean and is stunning. However it was really the service which made our stay so enjoyable. The staff constantly seemed so happy to see us and genuinely welcoming such that their cheerful moods were contagious. Although the hotel was full for Chinese New Year, the grounds are so vast that it was able to accomodate all of the guests without feeling crowded. The food was delicious, both at breakfast and other meals, especially in the Thai restaurant. We used the gym quite a bit, and took advantage of the daily yoga classes, but never made it to the spa, which we plan to do on our next visit. The location and vastness of the resort makes it hard to leave the grounds easily, but this remoteness also feels very relaxing. It is close to the fish barbeques on Jimabarn beach which we went to one night and really enjoyed.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Zheglov
<Content>Very disappointed this time For the last 5 years this was our 3 rd time in Ritz Carlton.We brought many friends to this hotel as it used to be our favourite hotel not only in Baly, but probably the best hotel we stayed so far.We spent 8 days in this hotel including New years' Eve.This time we were totaly disappointed.1. The hotel was overcrouded. There was a que for a table for breakfast in the morning every day. All the sunbeds were ocupied, even though they build one new swimming pool.There are several restaurants, but you have to reserve a table probably a day in advance for some of them. One evening we could't find a table, so we ordered room service.2. When you ask the room cleaner to come later, they come on the next day.3. There was no chance to find a time for massage if you didn't book days in advance.4.The internet in the business center was dead slow because of the earthquake in Taiwan, but they still charged per hour.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Musken
<Content>Great resorts Had a wonderful stay at the Ritz Carlton, Bali i february 2006. 12 nights. ROOMSWe were lucky to get an upgrade to one of the Cliff Villas which were absolutely wonderful. Beautiful living room and bedroom, though could have wished for more light in the living room as it was pretty dark at night. Quiet and effective aircondition. Very comfortable bed. Fantastic and huge bathroom, really the best I have ever seen, (and I am a bathroom freak and have stayed in several Aman resorts) including big walk in wardrobe, and amazing bathtub. Lots of storage space. Fantastic outside area with bale, private pool, and huge garden with loads of beautiful flowers. SERVICEMainly very good, though could have been absolutely excellent with small improvements. RESTAURANTSSpecial breakfast restaurants for villas closed during our stay so we had to eat at the main restaurant. No problem, though. Very good selection during breakfast, though sometimes waiting time before we could get seated. Normally we did not have lunch since breakfast was huge. Dinner options very good: Absolutely great thai restaurant, fantastic fusion restaurant, good fish restaurant, italian restaurant with very good pizzas and OK pasta. We had all dinners in the hotel and never felt that this was boring. Indonesian buffet restaurant outside where shows etc. was going to take place was closed, which was a bit of a disappointment. Room service very good, though a bit limited choice. POOLSVery good. Choice between main pool and other pool for villa guests only, latter being very quiet. Very good and attentive service at pool areas. CHILDREN ACTIVITIESNot a lot of kids there. Our son (2,5 years back then) was too young to join the kids club, but was more than welcome to play there with us when he wanted. Good kids menu in all restaurants, also providing healthy options, not just junk food. BEACHNot quite the same style as the rest of the hotels (plastic beds) but excellent service. We had a pre ordered lunch basket at the beach which was excellent. Loads of food and very tasty. OTHERSSome waiting time for the little cars to take us from villa to rest of hotel area. Some of the butlers really good, others only OK. No insects. They were spraying almost every 2nd day over the whole area.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jmittle
<Content>Largest out of the Top 5 Bali Resorts Largest out of the top 5 resorts in Bali but that doesnt mean worse service....Service was GREAT...if you are looking for an intimate resort this is not the place....if coming to Bali and you have the money I recommend any of the top Villa resorts....the Ritz has both a huge hotel and villas. This resort is very well priced for its hotel section.....good for friends and large groups...again not for intimate or romatic settings. Great activities and Spa....great overall/impressive service! If you have to stay in the hotel section be sure to get the CLUB LEVEL, very much worth it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>Simply paradise!       Lovely bath tub in the villa  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>trvlchnl
<Content>AWESOME! We were lucky enough to return to the Ritz Carlton in Bali after our stay in Nov. 1999. At that time we stayed in a 2 bedroom Ocean Front Villa. This time, we stayed in the brand new 1 Bedroom Ocean Front Cliff Villa. There are only 8 of these and they are spectacular. The other villas are just as lovely and we could not believe they could actually make anything nicer than those, but they did!The villas are beautiful, as stated, and the service is superb, as you have a dedicated butler for your villa and they take care of your every need, from room service to reservations, to transportation, etc.The new spa at the Ritz Carlton is not to be missed. The treatments are amazing and you can also have them at your villa for a surcharge, but well worth it!the food is amazing and there are so many options at this resort.We did not see the regular hotel rooms, but if you can afford it, the villas are a must do, especially for honeymooners. We were celebrating our anniversary, and we had champagne upon arrival, flowers on the bed, chocolates, fruits, etc.What a vacation!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ellen43
<Content>Fabulous Villas We stayed in the main hotel for two nights and then moved to the villas for two more. The hotel is nice but the rooms are nothing to write home about, and from some vantage points you really can't see much of the ocean (our first ocean view room afforded about a thumbnail of Indian Ocean--if that). However, the villa was wonderful. It is difficult to describe how nice without actually seeing it--gorgeous, extremely comfortable, with a very serene pool and patio. The grounds throughout the resort were lovely. But perhaps the best thing is the new cliff-side sea water swimming pool which has an infinity edge that overlooks the ocean and was, quite simply, amazing. The staff were all extremely nice. The downside of the whole south Bali resort area is that it feels rather disconnected and you don't get to see a whole lot of the rest of Bali without some effort. It is so westernized, I kept thinking that I may as well have been in Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DruryS
<Content>Love the view!!!       The view from my villa  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EalingMember
<Content>Excellent Hotel  Having booked the Ritz Carlton Bali based on reviews on this site, we departed the UK with an air of concern at the some of the recent negative comments about the hotel. However, we can honestly say that for our entire stay (10 days) the staff, service and facilities were superb.We chose to stay in one of the Club Level Rooms and made good use of the Club Lounge and the services of the welcoming and attentive staff. The entire team went out of their way to remember your name and preferences. The food and beverages served in the lounge were excellent and the small library of books available was a useful addition.Restaurants: Very good mix of restaurants offering a broad selection of food. Kisik was a particular favourite offering fresh seafood and an excellent setting. Prices in the restaurants are comparable to other 5 star hotels.Swimming Pool: The hotel has a myriad of pools to service all tastes. If you want peace a quiet then head for the villa pool or the newly opened ocean pool. During the day staff bring you cold towels, fruit and a small smoothy!Gym: The gym has a good mix of machines and free weights and doesn't get overcrowded. The staff will also give you a good stretch is you ask. Aerobic and yoga classes are also available. Golf: The mini- 18 hole golf course is excellent and well worth a round or two.Spa: Apparently the biggest in Asia, the Spa is fantastic and offers an impressive list of treatments. The bali massage and facials were both very good. However the aquatonic pool is a must. TIP: Go to the aquatonic pool around 4:30pm so you can catch the sunset whilst going round the different elements. Beach: Kuba Beach is very nice though we would recommend you take a shuttle car to get there unless you want a long walk. Also there is no lift to the beach, so you will need to be fit to climb the 180 steps. Grounds: Set in 70+ hectacres the resort is massive. Therefore despite the hotel being 90% full the resort did not feel overcrowded.Tours: Whilst external taxi's are available at the hotel, we chose to use the hotel cars and driver for our excursions round the island. The price is a lot higher but you get a betterquality car, the driver speaks good english and knows some good places to visit, and the hotel provide you with a basket of cold drinks and towels. Places to Visit: See the sunset at the Uluwatu Temple and then head over to Nusa Dua for a meal at Bumbu Bali. We highly recommend this hotel. Don't be put off by the location -taxi's are very cheap and feely available if you want to spend some time away from the resort.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Aqa
<Content>the basics needed improvement.... I have just returned from a stay at the Ritz Carlton in Bali, not in a villa, but in a deluxe ocean view room.I share the comments made by previous trip advisor members, the sound-proofing of the hotel can definitely be improved. From our first room, we could hear footsteps outside, conversations, and at 6am in the morning, footsteps from the floor above. Our second room was at the end of one of the wings, and hence was a lot quieter.I found the staff very willing to help, courteous, and always all smiles. However, I think the basics of the hotel requires improvement. I.e. I used the reqest a service function on the website to ask about transportation from the airport, and I received no reply for 3 days, despite the 24hrs turnaround time promised. We switched rooms whilst we were there, and the amenities provided seems to vary with each room, one provides a 'do not disturb' sign, whilst another does not. One has a bedside clock, whilst another doesn't. Housekeeping is also a bit careless, i.e. they forgot to replace the bathtowels one night, and the other, they took away used coffee mugs without replacing them. Our request for items to be brought to the room is also not always responded to quickly.Another thing to pay attention to is the breakfast buffet. Some of the food is not covered, i.e. fruit, coldcuts, butter etc. I picked up a bit of food poisoning on the last day, and had a very miserable journey back home. The pool and the views in the hotel is fantastic. I would still recommend the hotel, but i think your experience really depends on the room you get.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jeremy_andrus
<Content>The Villas are amazing The hotel is in a great, pituresque location sitting on cliffs overlooking the sea. In reality, there are two hotels - the main hotel and the villas. The main hotel is nice, Ritz Carlton quality. The Villas are over-the-top. We were stying for our honeymoon, and had the most gorgeous 1 bedroom villa, with a beautiful marble bathroom the size of a large hotel room, a living room, a private plung pool and views of the ocean. There are a few very good restaurants on the premise, and the tiered, zero edge pools at the Villas are fabulous. The quality of the finish, the hotel service and the overall experience is top notch. It's as good as anything I've ever stayed in the world.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trichter
<Content>Perfect Villas       Garden view to the Villa  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>chrispt
<Content>Perfect setting for wedding in Bali We got married at the Ritz Carlton on August 25th and stayed a total of 15 nights - so, we have quite a bit of feedback - all of it very complimentary, I hasten to add! From the initial queries in Feb/March time to the day we left, I have to say the hotel were superb in every aspect. From a wedding perspective, the wedding co-ordinators, Karlina and Imelda, bent over backwards to ensure everything went smoothly and that all arrangements were carried out prior to arrival. The day itself exceeded our expectations - helped by having the best sunset in the two week stay! - and the staff certainly made it a very memorable occasion. Regarding the hotel itself, it was perfect for what we wanted. Very relaxed atmosphere throughout. The staff were always happy and smiling and loved it if you could speak a bit of the language with them. We booked an Executive room and to anyone thinking about upgrading, it is definitely worthwhile. If you wanted to, you could eat all your meals in the Executive Lounge and not bother about eating out! I know this sounds lazy, but believe me, a lot of people do it (mainly the Koreans and Japanese). The food is excellent and plentiful; drinks are available all day - yes, some people were even drinking beer at breakfast time! The room was large and had a great sea view; excellent shower and hotel products. The pools are lovely - we preferred the pool by the spa villas, only because it was quieter. The spa was superb as well and the treatments reasonably priced. The bars are great for relaxing late in the evening. The Thai restaurant was very good - we didn't try out the others. We did go into Jimabaran though a few times to try one of the 150 beach-side fish restaurants, which was also good value and great entertainment - taxi only takes about 10 minutes and costs around IDR 25,000 (about 拢1.40) - well worth it! The grounds are beautifully kept and the flowers are stunning. The private beach is well worth the long climb up and down. All in all, we could not fault the hotel! For us though, it was the hotel staff who really made our stay - they were courteous, polite, charming and above all genuine. I would be happy to answer any questions about the hotel and specifically about planning a wedding at the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>therobster
<Content>Can't get the basics right My wife and I went to Bali for our honeymoon, and planned to stay at the Bali Hyatt for 5 days, then at the Ritz-Carlton for 5 days. The Hyatt impressed us with fantastic service, but we had the impression the Ritz would be even better. And at twice the price we were expecting great things. Unfortunately this wasn't the case.We had planned to stay in one of the regular rooms. When you book, you make your own decisions on what you can and what you want to spend on your holiday, right? But upon check-in at the Ritz you are made to feel that if you don't upgrade to a villa you're not really going to be having a good time. Great way to welcome someone.The room was good, nice view, good size and clean. So then we went down to the pool to grab a quick lunch and have a swim. So we both ordered a chicken burger, nothing fancy, from the surly pool boy. 30 minutes later they arrived. No kidding. I am pretty sure you could slaughter, pluck and mince (yes it was minced chicken, not a fillet) a chicken in 30 minutes. So far so not impressed.We then thought we'd have a quick go on the putting golf course. When we got to hole 6 we heard this...noise. Someone was spraying chemicals on the plants about 25m away, forming a cloud that eventually enveloped half of the resort. Seriously it looked like 'Nam out there, and smelt worse. This was 4pm on a Friday afternoon...?We went down later to eat dinner. One of the restaurants was closed for a function. They weren't interested in showing us where another restaurant was.We eventually found a place to eat which looked nice, on the lawn overlooking the sea. Upon being shown to our table we realised it was a set dinner, no a la carte. No problem - but why couldn't the maitre'd inform us before taking the trouble to sit us down? We ordered a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, which came, surprisingly, chilled. Hmm. When we returned to our room we found out that we had been put next to a family with 3 young kids, kicking up a racket. The management knew we were on honeymoon, so why do this?We moved rooms, and asked the bellboy if he could get us a teapot for our room while he was moving the bags. He told us to call room service. Why not offer to do it for us?In general the staff seem to be badly trained, not very proficient at English, not very friendly and not very happy to be there. The best thing the Ritz-Carlton did for us (after complaining to the manager) was arrange a car for us to go straight back to the Bali Hyatt the next day! The Ritz-Carlton tries to be all about luxury, and the setting is indeed luxurious and must have cost a fortune to build. But they've forgotten a key ingredient, which is service. They can't even get the basics right, and at this price that's a serious mistake. Avoid.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	4	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>AndyGC
<Content>Paradise on earth! This hotel cost a lot, but from the moment I and my friend arrived, the service and the quality of everything we experienced was exceptional. The resort is pure paradise with no luxury spared. The restaurants served amazing food, the massages and treatments were very relaxing. The staff could not do enough for you.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Julesee
<Content>Generally nice but make sure you stay in a Villa! Generally a nice resort, but initially we were put in one of the rooms in the main building where unfortunately the sound proofing leaves a little to be desired. In the first room we were allocated we could hear the footsteps rather too loudly, while in the second we could hear the neighbours through the adjoining door. This quality of sound proofing is not what you would expect from a five star hotel - the noise sensitive should be very wary! Also, the main building was frankly not particularly beautiful. One other minor complaint was that the staff are constantly trying to get you to go to one of the hotel restaurants - when it happens once or twice a day, fine, but when it happens five or six that's a bit much.However, we were moved to a villa and that was really nice - here we found the privacy that was lacking elsewhere.The food was very good at the RC. Dava was a particularly nice gourmet restaurant, while the Thai themed one was top notch too. The buffer dinner and Balinese dance on the Wednesday was very good - and the best dance we saw while in Bali. Breakfast was pretty good, as were the poolside snacks. As for external restaurants, we enjoyed a decent Friday buffet dinner (six on the beach) at the four seasons, while La Lucciola was a good italian in Seminyak. It's also well worth going to dinner at one of the fish restaurants on the beach at Jimbaran bay.We did a lot of shopping for antiques and handicrafts. It's well worth checking some of the antique and handicraft shops in Seminyak, Kerobokan and near Jimbaran bay. Particularly worth checking out is Cempaka near the Bali Galleria near Jimbaran, plus a lot of the wholesale outlets on the same road. Cempaka is not cheap, but their mix of main comtempary crafts, furniture and ceramics were the most interesting we saw while there.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>keora
<Content>Loved it!         
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mogu
<Content>Wonderful Ritz Carlton We stayed at the Ritz for 3 nights this April.We got a sea view room which was spacious, elegant and very clean.The pools are nicely located and have a magnificent view of the ocean. The breakfasts are delicious, and we especially recommend the waffles.The shops inside the Ritz have very good taste. They have stylish bags, accessories, swimwear, and all sorts of souvenirs. Although it is pricey by Bali standards, the quality is top-notch.What was best about the Ritz were the people working there. Whenever you pass by one of the staffs, they will give you a warm smile which reassures that you are welcome at this beautiful place. If you ask for something, they will be swift and efficient, always pleased to help you.DOs and DON'Ts in Ritz and / or Jimbaran:Dos:Watch the Kecak dance at the Uluwatu Temple.You can watch the beautiful sunset while enjoying the traditional Kecak dance.Try the Spa inside the Ritz. We did the couple's package treatment named Cinta Abadi.We were shown into a beautiful and spacious Spa Room exclusively for this package.Both the treatment and atmosphere were excellent. It was heaven! DON'Ts:Do not go to, or should I say beware of rip-off seafood restaurants in Jimbaran.Jimbaran is known for their delicious seafood restaurants, but some of those restaurants include ones which are tourist trap rip-off joints.The one we went to was called Jimbaran Bay Cafe or JBC where for one lobster and some fish (which were not even so good) cost us US$130. This price is extremely overpriced for Bali standards.If you choose the right place with the adequate prices, you should have a good time.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>balimontana
<Content>Best in Bali During 2003 - 2004 I had the pleasure of living in the Ritz Carlton Bali for nine months while constructing my own private villa property in Bali.Simply put, the Ritz Carlton Bali is the best hotel on the island. The villas at the Ritz Carlton are large and very well appointed. The 24 hour Butler service offered to villa guests is beyond compare. The Butlers will bend over backwards to fulfill special requests and take great pride in their job.Since I have a vacation home in Bali, I know most all of the luxury hotels on the island and know their villas. The Ritz Carlton villas are the nicest and offer the best service and best value for money in my opinion.The spa at the Ritz Carlton Bali is the best I've ever been to with the Spa at the Grand Wailea in Maui running a distant second. The Ritz Carlton Bali spa features a huge Thalassotherapy pool which after two hours leaves you more relaxed and refreshed than imaginable. The spa facility is very large and luxurious.Dining too is a delight with recently opened Aqua and Padi Thai restaurant offering world class dining within the resort facility.The resort does offer regular rooms and suites. I recommend these if you are on a budget and still want to experience the amazing facilities of the hotel. The suites in particular offer great value for money. The classic Ritz Carlton Club Lounge is on offer here and the Club Lounge in Bali compares very favorably to other Ritz Carlton Clubs with ample and delicious food and beverage presentations on offer 5 times daily. The Club Lounge and Suites offer great value for money.Highly recommended for a very memorable vacation! It was an amazing experience living in this property for nine months.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guccipig
<Content>Trip to Ritz in Nov 05       To the bath tub  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Name        Deluxe Ocean View from room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful service and beautiful gardens We just returned from the Ritz near Jimberan Bay after a very relaxing stay. The first thing that struck me on this my first trip to Bali was how amazingly friendly the people are. This goes for the hotel staff as well as others we met on the island during our stay. We were upgraded to a villa which was a very pleasant surprise. The bathrooms are fabulous and you have your own private plunge pool and bale (and a butler should you need it!). The hotel grounds are beautifully maintained and the main pool is also very pleasant with an abundance of comfy sun loungers. The hotel is set high up on a cliff top just away from Jimberan Bay and it has its own private beach, although some might not be keen on the 150 steps down to it, but it's not far and there's a botle of cool water waiting for you at the top and a buggy to take you back to your room. One of the advantages of Jimberan over Nusa Dua (where we also stayed on this trip) is that you get to see the sun set over the sea. We had an excellent meal at the Dava restaurant and a more average one at the Thai restaurant. I would recommend a mix of eating at the hotel and also getting a taxi a short ride to Jimberan and eating at one of the many excellent beachside restaurants there. The hotel was fairly empty because of the recent tragic events in the area, but we felt totally safe and were very glad that we didn't cancel our tip. The photos on the Ritz website don't do the hotel justice, it's a lovely place.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Crosby1
<Content>Kick Back and Relax Your Days Away My wife and I have just returned to Vancouver, Canada on October 1st from five days at the Ritz-Carlton, Bali; just one day after the bombs went off on the island, so our hearts go out to the Balinese and tourists alike who were killed or injured in the two, separate areas of Bali.It is hard to write about such an idyllic place when there has been recent violence but we would certainly return to support the Balinese who made our stay so wonderful and to enjoy what has to be one of the best managed five-star resort hotels in Asia-Pacific. It is important to note that the Ritz Carlton Hotel is a fully secured site. When we arrived at the hotel, guards stopped our taxi (and other cars too) at the main gate and checked the under the cars using mirrors before allowing vehicles to proceed down a very long entrance driveway to where we were greeted by the friendly and helpful staff of the hotel.I would encourage anyone staying at the Ritz-Carlton Bali to pay the extra hundred dollars a day and get a room in the Club Level. Our room looked out over the ocean (a distance away) but was spacious, immaculate and beautiful. We were escorted to our room and the bath tub was filled with fragrant flowers floating in water (the entire guest room is fully marbled to keep things crisp and cool and ensures there is no mildew from the humdity)and there were also flower petals laid out on the bed along with robes and slippers by the side of the bed. Fresh fruit was waiting along with a note from the management about how the Club Room offered tennis and the special mini-golf at no charge, along with some discounts on dry-cleaning (a must in humid Bali).The real value, though, is in the Club Lounge where each morning you are greeted by name, taken to a table in the air-conditioned Lounge and then have a choice of fruit, cereals, various breads and croissants plus your own chef preparing omlettes. If you are Asian, there is a special buffet available too. The Lounge offers snacks near Noon, Afternoon Tea (with finger sandwiches and scones plus fruit) and evening drinks and hors d'oeuvres and a late night snack too. Great if you want a cold bottle of water or juice anytime of the day given it is so hot (30+C)and humid.We had dinner at all the restaurants on-site except the Japanese spot which seemed over-priced. Dava is very modern and minimalist while Sami-Sami and Padi are outdoors, very romantic and all have wonderful food. Try the Martini Bar adjacent to Dava and watch the sun go down. Prices are good in terms of international hotels. Maybe a bit more expensive that other places in Bali but let me assure you the attention to detail is amazing and the food is truly outstanding.The pool areas (there are actually three on site) are great and the view from the main infinity pool is truly amazing. The Spa is is wonderful and how can anyone not try a real Balinese massage given by a person who grew up on Bali and who truly cares about their work. More than anything though are the service levels. Lots of staff who are eager to please and who go out of their way to make sure you are happy. Even the fellow pushing the laundry cart down the corridor says hello and asks how you are this morning/afternoon...and he is sincere. Wouldn't it be nice to have such attentive service in North America? We took a 6-hour tour using a hotel car and driver (ask for Peno, he is wonderful) and it only costs $15 per hour and it was worth every penny given the way people drive on Bali and how Peno takes you off the beaten path to the less commercial part of Bali.Finally, I realize this kind of hotel experience is not for everyone. We went after attending business meetings in Kuala Lumpur, so our desire was for five days of reading books, relaxing and not climbing into the hills of Bali. If you want night-life then this is not the place. If, however, you want a first-class hotel with all the trimmings, then this is the place to go. You will be treated right and want to return as the staff waves 'good-bye' to you as you head back to the airport.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TripmemberLondon
<Content>Wonderful place The moment you enter the hotel you have the most amazing view in front of you. This is one of the best things with Ritz-Carlton, Bali. There are a few rooms with a view of the town and the airport which is not very nice, but apart from that the view, and especially at sunset, is just incredible.Yes, the location is a bit remote, but for me that is just a good thing. The public spaces are wonderful and the rooms are nice. The beach is a bit far from the main buildings but is visually stunning. The service was not really up to Ritz-Carlton standard at all times, but it was ok. Food and drinks are quite pricey in balinese terms. The pool areas are lovely but could be a bit crowded at times. There were two restaurants serving breakfast but some mornings we still had to wait to get a table, and they had some problems keeping the buffet in order. The spa was great. In conclusion, a very nice place.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nipbone
<Content>Enjoyed the Ritz I stayed at the Ritz for 6 nights with my wife and 1 year old son. Overall, we had a pleasant experience. The hotel is beautiful, especially the pool. My son loved the different pools and there is a nice pool area for kids with slides. The service was pretty good, but expected a little more for a 5 star hotel. They ran out of towels for the pool one day. But the people are all very friendly and love kids. There is a kids play center and an inexpensive babysitting service (about $5/hr). The spa is awesome although pricey, same with the restaurants. We enjoyed the Ritz and would recommend to others. Also recommend hiring a driver for a day. We used a guy named Putu who was excellent. Costs from 300.000 Rupiah to 450.000 Rupiah per day per car.  He has an air conditioned SUV and provides a great tour. He is very proud and knowledgable of Bali culture. Highly recommend Putu's tour :  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic spot with kids Had a week at the resort with our two young kids. We stayed in a garden view room on the ground floor that was the cheapest in the hotel. The room was perfect - 2 double beds and huge bathroom, with a lovely terrace.Great kids club with enthusiastic child minders. Separate kids pools with water slides. Children's menu in all the restaurants. Babysitting available at night at 拢3 an hour.We ate in all 5 restaurants - Italian, Thai, Seafood, Japanese and International. They were all fantastic, but special mention must be made of Dava. Dava is the international restaurant, and the food is Asian Fusion. The setting is stunning at the top of a cliff amongst carp ponds and flaming torches providing the lighting.Spa is the best in Asia.If you can afford it, stay in a villa. But the standard rooms are great too.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scottandjian
<Content>Did Not Meet Expectations My wife and I stayed a single night out of a planned five nights.What we liked were the immaculate grounds, spacious and beautiful. Palm trees, flowers, and well attended landscaping. We liked the room itself, very clean, upgraded bedding, large bathroom and lots of marble. We had booked a 'deluxe ocean view'.What we did not like was the marble floors that clicked clacked with each step of the guests above us, well into the night. The 'ocean view' is some far off stretch of blue several hundred yards from our room. The breakfast buffet was ordinary, not bad, but Holiday Inn level. You had better like laying around the pool, because the strip of sand that substitues for a beach lies 5 flights of stairs up and down the cliff to reach it. The 'beach' also has a bad habit of being completely submerged at high tide.The cliffside villas would be a more pleasurable experience but are pricey plus 21% service charge and tax.We left after the first night and went to the Sheraton Laguna @ Nusa Dua. That was less expensive, had a real beach, and more fun as we could jump into the lagoon right from our room level deck.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed We stayed here in June and like others thought we were pampering ourselves during the first 5 days of our two week honeymoon. The Ritz was our least favorite hotel/villa.The rooms are small and even the 'deluxe ocean view' room is so far from the ocean that the view is not dramatic. In our room we heard the ladies upstairs stomping around in heels nightly on the marble floors.There is no real beach at this hotel. The beach is down 200+ stairs next to a lagoon/swamp and it is tiny. We spent all our time at the pool (except for one day we walked the stairs for exercise).Also, this place is a favorite of Japanese tourists. They come in by the bus full (literally). Our experience at the buffet breakfast every morning was that they weren't too fond of westerners. I will say the food at the breakfast was amazing if you are adventurous with asian cuisine.There are so many beautiful villas in Bali with more of less the same service that you will find at the Ritz for the same price our less. I would have never stayed at the Ritz or any hotel had I known that I could have a private pool in an enclosed villa in Nusa or Seminyak for the same price or less - including at 24x7 butler.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Incredible This hotel was absolutely incredible. We stayed in one of the Oceanfront villas and it was amazing. Completely private, spacious, romantic and extremely clean. The staff at the hotel was extremely helpful, polite and attentive. The location of the hotel is much better than that of the Four Seasons. After reading the reviews on this website, I was concerned before we arrived that I should have reserved the Four Seasons. However, after staying at the Ritz Carlton, I knew I made the right choice. We will definitely be back next year.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ilovetraveling
<Content>I felt like I was in HEAVEN!!! One of the BEST hotel that I've ever stayed. I just came back from Ritz Carlton Bali on June 15, 2005, and all I have to say is this hotel is GORGEOUS!!! The whole time I was there, I felt like I was in heaven. The service is great, the villas are stunning, most of all the hotel is decorated with natural beauty. I've stayed at Ritz in Japan, and couple in the US, but I would have to say the Ritz in Bali is the BEST by far!! In the US, I don't get the service and the room quality for what I pay ($500 dollar/night), but in Bali, you can stay in VILLA by paying same amount of money (or less). I liked Ritz in NY, but Bali by far is better. I would highly recommend this hotel! The hotel is secluded from the City, but that's what makes it better. I can just hang out at the beautiful pool, eat Nasi Gorent french Fries and Hamburger all day! TOP 10 things to do at the Ritz!1) Go to world class talasso2) Eat at Thai Restaurant/Japanese (one of the best , I travel a lot so I know)3) Go to Kubu beach and read book4) I would LOVE to get married in this hotel5) Get massages6) Get manicure and padicure7) Hang out at the private bangalou and swimming pool and just READ8) Hang out at the swimming pool and READ  EAT9) Play put put golf10) Sleep in the comfortable bed.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robertoandclaire
<Content>Mixed feelings       the "ocean view" room with dark overhang  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>reemo
<Content>sun loungers were dirty and pool overcrowded I wouldn't stay there again.I returned 21th June 2005.I 've been to Bali several times and The ritz is one of the worst hotels I have stayed at, for what you pay anyway.for the same price you can stay at The Legian in Seminyak which is 10 times better.The Ritz has 2 pools, the main pool is very overcrowded and the sunbeds are disgusting. and very dirty.the grounds sorrounding dont seem too clean either.the towels are old and worn out.The staff by the pool are rude and it is very difficult to get a drink.However the villa pool is small but much better,the sunbeds are comfortable and clean, service is great and cocktails are very nice.the restaurant above the pool DAVA has great food but is not very balinese.Our room was including breakfast, the restaurant was very very crowded and food quality wasn't brilliant.tea cups weren't too clean either.The view of the ocean isn't great although we had an deluxe ocean view suite, and there is a small beach but you can't swim there at all.the room was nice but quite noisy and the hotel is miles from anywhere.And there is nothing to do at nite in the hotel and there is no entertainment.The hotel is on a cliff and there are lots of steps and you can hardly see the ocean.the aquatonic pool in the spa is great, it costs $40 for 2 hours, but you can easily stay in another hotel and visit the spa just for the aquatonic pool.be careful, do not spend more than 2 hours inside and don't wear a light coloured bikini.If you have any sense you wouldn't stay there. not worth the money at all.but if you do stay at the ritz remember to visit the C BAR and The villa pool, and DAVA restaurant.hotel staff will take you there in a little car.P.s. if you use bluebird taxis outside the hotel, they are much cheaper.Does not compare with The Ritz in other countries. AWFUL  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz Carlton Bali - Not Impressed! My wife and I just returned home (New York) from Bali (June 12th 2005) and we found the Ritz Carlton to be overrated and disappointing.We wanted a luxurious getaway but the Ritz Carlton was quite lacking. We ended up switching to the Four Seasons at Jimbaran Bay and that was the only salvation in our trip.We arrived at the RC around 2 in the afternoon and were told we would have to wait for check in. Ok, that is fine but we ended up sitting in the uncomfortable lobby and nobody even asked if they wanted us to hold our baggage. We eventually were permitted to check in at 5:00 in the evening and found the villa we reserved to be oddly American-appearing. There was nothing Balinese about it. It almost reminded me of the suite we stayed in at the Ritz in Palm Beach except a few more statues.The private pool was a disaster as it had mold and bugs everywhere. We immediately contacted the manager and asked to be switched to another villa. Luckily that was possible since they were only near 25% occupancy. So, we swithced to another villa which at least had an appropriate pool. The villa itself was quite smaller than I expected. In addition, the view was only average considering my expectations.By the next morning, we went for breakfast after being woken up by loud noises around 7 in the morning. Not a good way to start the day. There must have been some corporate meeting going on because the restaurant was full of obvious aspiring business hopefuls. I thought we would have it peaceful, but no such luck as they all seem to fight over who can speak the loudest.We tried to spend the day relaxing on the grounds, but, again, the grounds are basically like anything you would see in the US. I might has well have taken a nonstop flight to Key Biscayne and avoided the whole problem.Anyway, after retiring to our relatively small and uncomofrtable villa that evening, we discussed our options. We called the Four Seasons and luckily they had two villas left for the balance of the week. They came and picked us up before breakfast the next morning, treated us to a spectaculr complimentary breafast before checking us in at 10:00 AM. There was no comparison between the two villas. The Four Seasons made you feel you were truly in Bali. The villa at the FS was much cleaner, spacious, airy, and simply relaxing.Thank you, Four Seasons for making our vacation to Bali what it needed to be.Ritz, please work on improving things.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ricksy999
<Content>Wow. We loved the Ritzzzzzzz!!! Hi. We have read all grumbles about the Ritz and after staying there for 9 days for our honeymoon can honestly say... What planet are these people on!!!!!!. This resort is absolutely stunning. Its perfect for anyone wanting privacy, luxury and pure indulgence in the most breathtaking setting. The club rooms seemed to get the bad press the most and we cant comment as we stayed in the main hotel (2 nights) and then upgraded to a cliff villa (7 nights). The hotel rooms are clean, modern and efficiently cleaned by the resorts mega friendly staff. However its the cliff villas that are the most spectacular thing about the ritz. We upgraded for a mere $500 and spent a whole week living like kings. The villas are only 6 months old (approx) and are set on the cliff overlooking the Indian Ocean. You enter through your traditional balinese carved doors with a massive gong for a doorbell. The lounge is tastefully furnished and well equipped with all modern gadgets. The bedroom has a romantic four poster bed with drapes and leads through to the biggest bathroom we have ever seen. Like a roman bath. Stunning. However, the most attrctive feature of the villa has got to be the private plunge pool!!. Nothing like watching the sun set over the Indian Ocean in your own swimming pool with a glass of champagne served by your personal butler!!!If you even need to leave these amazing villas (are you mad) then summon your butler who will whisk you anywhere around the resort in a golf buggy. Now to the resort in general....Grounds... Well kept and maintained with great balance of water features, polished marble, vegetation and statues all surrounding some lovely ponds with lillies and Koi carp.Swimming Pools....Giant main swimming pool situated at the bottom of the resort over looking the cliff. Staff bend overbackwards to help you and provide ice cream, fruit, water and cold towels throughout the day free of charge. Cliff Villa Swimming pools.....Even more funky and luxurious pools for use of cliff villa guests only.Restaurants.....Four or five excellent restaurants. Would recommend Sami Sami for breakfast (less busy and fewer Japanese and has excellent views over the ocean). Note the restaurants are not cheap for Bali prices but hey this is the Ritz!!!! and you only get what you pay for. For honeymooner's we recommend the Kisik restaurant at the bottom of the cliff. Bit of a trek and harder coming up but worth the effort for the romantic sunset. Spa..... looked fabulous but had a great massage in Bel Air Spa Jimbaran for 1/3 of the price. Beach......Kubu beach is the Ritz-Carlton's private beach. We agree that the 150 odd steps are a pain, especially coming back up but the beach is well worth the effort. Clean, scenic and isolated it is totally relaxing and If you time it right you can be the only ones on it!. Staff are also on hand to serve food, drinks and those cold towels. Unlike other Bali beaches, there are no hawkers which you really appreciate.Staff..... No complaints what so ever. Very friendly and helpful. I ordered a cheese burger by room service and the chef phoned up to send his profound apologies that Camambert wasn't available and would I settle for cheddar to go with my burger. Well funny!!!All in all the Ritz is an amazing hotel and perfect for honeymooners or anyone wanting pure indulgence and luxury. The location is stunning and close enough for a short taxi ride to the amazing Jimbaran Beach for a Warung seafood feast. We visited the four seasons Jimbaran and Sayan and we think the Ritz has the edge over facilities and prices. Remember make sure you get a Cliff Villa. WOOOOW.!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as good as before The Ritz Carlton used to be The Hotel in Bali. I frequent that resort at least 3 times a year for vacation. Now the resort has turnmed into an absolute mess. Their rooms is old and not very well maintained. Their spa design is as bad either. Moreover, they are extremely overpriced. I used to hang out at the lobby alot but now, the lobby is filled with loud Taiwanese and Korean groups. Not to mention that the resort is jammed with Japanese. I will never recomend this resort to anyopne  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escholte
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyable stay We had a great stay in March at the Ritz-Carlton at Jimbaran Bay. We stayed in a club level suite and had the unfortunate accident of a burst water pipe over the closet. The management were quick to respond giving us an alternative suite for the night and arranged to have any wet clothes laundered. The next day we were offered a villa with pool as apology and a bit of further bargaining got us a well placed villa so that we could still enjoy the Club facilties. The food presentations were good - why do a lot of people thinks it's their meal for the day. The villa was lovely but we would have preferred the suite with a better view. The pools were lovely, the setting nice except little allowance for disabled customers - too many steps. They even baked a birthday cake for my partner for free and the club team even gave him a present. The hotel has a strong Japanese client base. Also the CLub as mentioned by others has mostly tables and chairs with little relaxing space.The downside was: far from Kuta but at 拢3 for a 20 minute taxi trip - it is not going to break the bank. The +++ can be soul destroying at times as the restaurants were not value for money.On balance an enjoyable stay but might think of the Oberoi next time as closer to restaurants, night life, etc.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Natonhols
<Content>Disappointing 20-22 March, 2005Set in a magnificent location overlooking the ocean - the view is amazing. That was the only impressive part of our stay though.We booked 2 nights at the Ritz-Carlton in Jimbaran Bay, thinking it'd a little taste of luxury in comparison to the other resorts in which we were spending the rest of our time in Bali. We were disappointed from the moment we arrived at our room. We were given a room with an inter-connecting door to the room next door - which we had not requested. These doors provide very little sound proofing between rooms, something which was proved to us within 2 minutes of arriving in the room by hearing very clearly the activities that were going on in the room next to us. We immediately requested a change of room - a request that was initially denied, but after a 2 hour wait, we were eventually moved to another room at 7.30pm (which meant we missed our first Jimbaran sunset). Unfortunately, even though this room did not have an inter-connecting door, there still wasn't much sound proofing between rooms. We could hear the occupants on either side of us quite clearly, and were woken each morning by the thumping of the people above us getting up each morning, then kept awake by the noise of people walking past our room down the tiled hallway - really quite loud. The hotel, which is located a 20+ minute drive from Kuta, doesn't offer a suitable shuttle service. Four shuttles per day, with 10 people per shuttle (ie. 5 couples), with the shuttle being required to be booked 24 hours in advance. This is totally inadequate for a hotel with over 375 rooms! It seems a good way for the hotel - which charges extortionate US$ for everything (IRP300,000 for Nasi Gorang which costs about IRP35,000 in a restaurant) - to keep guests at the hotel where they can spend their tourist dollars. That being said, metered taxis (only) are on call from the foyer.We found the staff to be helpful at a minimal level - the hotel had a 92% occupancy rate when we were there so it seemed that they really didn't care if we had a problem. Such a dramatic difference to the other hotels/restorts we stayed in where staff couldn't be more helpful. Housekeeping didn't arrive until 3pm (rooms are attended to between 7.30am and 4.30pm), which meant no clean towels, no bottled drinking water etc until late in the day. For such a large, well known hotel, it just seemed to be really lacking in service. The breakfast buffet is good, but even though the buffet goes until 10.30am, get there early, because once the food runs out it isn't always replaced. I was there at 9.30am and most of the hot western buffet was gone (there is also a Japanese buffet - the hotel was mainly full of Japanese tourists - I'd say about 85%+). We found it hard to find staff for a coffee top-up or glass of water. So much for our luxurious, relaxing time at the Ritz-Carlton. I won't be returning and certainly wouldn't recommend it to my friends. We found the smaller Legian Hotel in Seminyak to be so much better - larger rooms for less money, fantastic, friendly, professional staff, great guest services, cool face towels and ice cold water provided at the pool, sensational food and much closer to shopping  terrific restaurants!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>APLB
<Content>New Cliff Vilas best in Bali We spent seven nights there over Easter and stayed in the new Cliff Vilas. For under $US600 a night incl breakfast, it was extraordinary value for money. The vilas are the size of a house, with a large and magnificent private pool, cabana, grounds, living room and bathroom that is equal in size to half the vila. You see the ocean from every room, the butler was great and whilst the staff were not the most efficent in the world, their efforts and kindness make up for it. 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be better   showReview(3267106, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>US$ 46.00 for breakfast!!!   showReview(3184362, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Johnny&June
<Content>What a wonderful paradise   showReview(3026814, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>champagnetraveler
<Content>Not worth the $$   showReview(2969675, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DenverFrog
<Content>Beautiful Resort   showReview(2969078, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best!!   showReview(2965303, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frequenttraveler
<Content>Fantastic facilities and excellent service   showReview(2947081, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel and grounds...   showReview(2518053, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place for a honeymoon   showReview(2517512, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>20th wedding anniversary superb romance   showReview(2349335, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azuon
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉儍銉勩偒銉笺儷銉堛兂   showReview(23027412, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>銇枫仒銈囥亝
<Content>绱犳暤銇偟銉笺儞銈?#x201d;   showReview(22864623, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	5	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein absolutes Top-Hotel   showReview(22955369, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Urlaub auf Bali   showReview(22961909, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎸欏紡锛嗐儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂锛嗗鏃忔梾琛?#x201d;   showReview(22855561, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>akeake
<Content>銉戙儢銉儍銈偣銉氥兗銈广伀婧€瓒?#x201d;   showReview(21331190, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>neopluto
<Content>銇欍伖銇︺亴銈堛亱銇ｃ仧锛?#x201d;       鏁峰湴鍐呫伀銇亾銇倛銇嗐仾椋俱倞銇ゃ亼銇屻仧銇忋仌銈撱亗銈娿伨銇?/a>  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>chibimame
<Content>銈偗銈儓銉嬨儍銈儣銉笺儷鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(20664505, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PIYOSAMA
<Content>璞婂瘜銇儣銉笺儷   showReview(20500697, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>銈点偗銉?> 銈点偗銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸銇岃秴涓€娴?#x201d;       銇俱倠銇х档銉忋偓銈伄銈堛亞銇編銇椼亜銇с仚  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>libby0403
<Content>搴冨ぇ銇暦鍦般亴榄呭姏鐨勨槅       銉欍儍銉夈伄涓娿伄鑺辨枃瀛?/a>  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>edbas
<Content>Un hotel de 6*   showReview(19933366, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷樺康鏃ュ娉?#x201d;   showReview(20752793, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giumi
<Content>il meglio a bali       kubu beach  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mats7077
<Content>銇勩仭銇勩仭绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19747494, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nobumobu
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺仹銈傚畨蹇?#x201d;   showReview(19193127, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>pcmParis
<Content>splendide h么tel pour grands romantiques!       vu de la falaise  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172969, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19172899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇傘亴銇熴伨銈?> 銇傘亴銇熴伨銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銇曘仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(18298954, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ane37
<Content>Splendide   showReview(18196029, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻儶銉冦儎   showReview(19172803, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻儶銉冦儎锛?#x201d;   showReview(19172602, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172545, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妤藉湌鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19172532, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銆€銉仯銉勩偒銉笺儷銉堛兂銇у劒闆呫伀娉娿伨銈嬨€?#x201d;   showReview(19171842, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇屸棊   showReview(19170670, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉唴銇犮亼銇у崄鍒嗭紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170424, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锞婏緸锞樸仹鎸欏紡銈掓寵銇掋伨銇椼仧   showReview(19169794, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶婊炲湪7鍥烇紳7鍥炪仺銈傘儶銉冦儎銉汇偒銉笺儷銉堛兂   showReview(19169672, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roanva
<Content>Como estar mundo aparte       desayuno  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹屾垚銇曘倢銇熴儶銈俱兗銉堛儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19168135, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸銇屽畬鐠с仹銇欙紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167747, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎯炽亜鍑?#x201d;   showReview(19166907, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉柦瑷唴銇ч亷銇斻仚銇亴銇婂嫥銈?#x201d;   showReview(19166594, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜銇屻亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19166144, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19166072, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Salut65
<Content>Ein absoluter Traum!   showReview(10456728, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銇亰銇欍仚銈併伄銉涖儐銉仹銇欌槅   showReview(19165423, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銆併伄銈撱伋銈婃粸鍦ㄣ儶銉冦儎銈兗銉儓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19164275, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸銇岃豹鑿仹澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19164183, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19164072, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19163841, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愪緵銇倐銆傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19163621, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉唴銇с倖銇ｃ亸銈娿伀銇仺銇︺倐鑹亜銇с仚   showReview(19163164, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儵銉冦偗銈广仹銇嶃伨銇椼仧   showReview(19162846, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儸銈ゃ兓搴冦亜   showReview(19162499, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妤典笂銇梾   showReview(19162181, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銆€澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19161444, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘亞涓€搴︾刀瀵捐銇嶃仧銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161404, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶т汉銇儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161369, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儣銉笺儷銇ㄦ柦瑷?#x201d;   showReview(19161333, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璐呮并銇檪闁?#x201d;   showReview(19160125, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇兗銈撱伀銈傘仐銇亜銉汇兓銇濄倱銇伒銇嗐伀閬庛仈銇椼仧銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19160003, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉倰鍑恒仾銇忋仸銈傛ソ銇椼倎銇俱仚   showReview(19159558, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mickaelmo
<Content>T bien mais   showReview(6025592, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19158592, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un superbe resort plein de ressources   showReview(11341709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bel hotel mais......   showReview(5374089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勶紒   showReview(19157480, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妤典笂銇儶銈俱兗銉堬紒銉儍銉勩偒銉笺儷銉堛兂銉愩儶   showReview(19156832, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇樸仱銇亗銈撱伨銈?#x201d;   showReview(19154889, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儠銉兂銉堛儞...   showReview(19929230, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉愩儶鏃呰銇с仐...   showReview(19928783, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽仹銉儍銉勩伀...   showReview(19927962, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濡广伄鎸欏紡銇т浮瑕仺娉娿伨...   showReview(19927699, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍑哄嫉銇殯銇瘎銈娿伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19927365, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐨嗐仌銈撱€€銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀...   showReview(19927204, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍩烘湰鐨勩伀銇簚瓒炽伄銇勩亸...   showReview(19927129, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈搞兂銉愩儵銉炽伅婕佹潙銇ㄣ亜...   showReview(19926919, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺伀鏃ユ湰瑾炪倰瑭便仜...   showReview(19925453, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈搞兂銉愩儵銉炽仾銈夈伆銉儍...   showReview(19925326, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹銇敵銇楄炯銇裤仹...   showReview(19925283, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇с儧銉嗐儷銇腑銇с伄...   showReview(19925196, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐...   showReview(19923788, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仺銇︺倐搴冦亱銇ｃ仧...   showReview(19923426, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇┿亞銇涖€屼粖鍥炪伅銉儍銉?..   showReview(19923306, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戙儥銉冦儔銈儵銉栥偣銈ｃ兗...   showReview(19922068, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勩仹...   showReview(19921915, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偞銈ゃ伄涓€瑷€銇с仚銆傘倓...   showReview(19917063, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧銆傘仌...   showReview(19916752, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1鏈堬紤鏃ャ亱銈夛紦鏃ラ枔銉?..   showReview(19916156, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

