<Author>Altangi
<Content>Fantastic for families! We stayed at the Donatello with our fourteen-month-old, and we found it excellent. This is a terrific hotels for families. The location--one block from Union Square--is superb. There is a mini-kitchen with fridge, microwave, dishes etc, which helps a lot. There is a decent amount of space. They provided a nice wooden crib (not a travel one), and everyone, from the front desk staff to the bellmen to the cleaning staff, was helpful and kind throughout our stay. Given the location, the prices were quite reasonable. With young children, it is best to ask for a high-floor room (ours was on the 10th floor), away from the street. There are more glamorous (and expensive) hotels in SF, but this one, cozy and friendly and well-located, suited our needs perfectly. I recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>titamercy
<Content>A Pleasant Time in San Francisco We just came back from a three-day and two-night vacation in San Francisco. My brother, his wife, and I stayed at the Donatello and we all had an excellent experience at the hotel. First, we were impressed by the professional attitude, the graciousness, and the willingness of the staff to assist the guests; and second, the hotel accommodations were outstanding with clean and comfortable beds, well-kept carpets, and ample supply of towels and linens. The free breakfast that the hotel provides is more than sufficient to provide nutrition and energy for the San Francisco visitor who has to walk up and down the hills to see this beautiful city. Overall, I am happy that I chose this hotel for our visit to San Francisco and I highly recommend The Donatello!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fanman68
<Content>Best in SF - You won't find a better hotel than The Donatello. Great rooms with everything you need- refrigerator, micro, safe, HD Tv - (about 100 channels). room are bright, clean and something that feels warm and friendly when you first enter and every time you come back. The staff is the best - had answers to every question and catered to every need. Unless you feel a need to spend $ 400 at one of those high end hotels stay here. Forget Nob Hill (lousy location) forget the Wharf (great place to visit not not to stay). This is the place and we are very selective.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>ADifferentStation
<Content>Simple things done well. Stayed at the Donatello for 8 nights in November 08 and have little or no complaints. A lick of paint is needed in a few places but otherwise this hotel is fine. Good staff and service and a prime location for downtown (although everywhere else can be reached by foot, taxi, MUNI or BART). But the real winner is the large rooms. These are a real bonus. If you hate hotels rooms where to seem to just bounce from wall to furniture to wall, then this is the place for you. Rooms had all the cons one wants and needs. The simple breakfast offered in the Club Floor is adequate and suited our tastes. The Club floor is small and not a formal dining area, so a lot of folks (I think) chose to eat elsewhere 鈥?there are plenty of Diners nearby. In all, the breakfast arrangement is very low-key, offers a gentle start to the day and is a breath of fresh air compared to the noisy dining halls at similar sized hotels. Finally, we did not hear one other British accent during our stay at this hotel 鈥?what joy!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>WJFinch
<Content>Great San Francisco experience, We recently stayed at the Donatello over Thanksgiving with some friends from Oregon. Contributing to our wonderful time in San Francisco were the comfortable accommodations we enjoyed at the Donatello. Our rooms (which were the same) were large, clean, and contained all of the amenities one would expect from this caliber of hotel including a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and a small sink. The staff was very congenial and ready to meet our every request with eagerness. The morning continental breakfast consisting of many food choices was delightful and more than sufficient to prepare us for our day's excursion. We have stayed at the Donatello before so we felt comfortable inviting guests to join us this time, and they enjoyed their experience as much as we did. We look forward to returning in the near future.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clarendon
<Content>Wonderful rooms and beds at the Donatello We have just completed a one week stay at the Donatello, and loved it. The rooms are large and clean, and the beds (king size) are superbly comfortable! The colour scheme is royal blue and orange - it sounds weird, but it really works. The bathrooms are good, and there is good storage space in the bathroom and the room in general. Rooms have a microwave, fridge, coffee maker, dishes and cutlery - tea, coffee and sugar are supplied.The staff, especially Jesus, couldn't have been more helpful and friendly.The only problem we had was noise from the nightclub on Mason St, but Jesus moved us to another room, and then all was well. Don't stay in a room overlooking Mason!The restaurant is wonderful, but not cheap.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ahmlaw
<Content>Great staff, fantastic location We stayed at the Donatello from Oct. 27 to Nov. 4 of this year; our second time at this hotel. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION鈥?you can鈥檛 get any better than this hotel! It is one short block to Union Square (5-minute walk), and is a perfect base for San Francisco, near all the sites and shopping places. It is also a safe place to be, and we had no worries walking around the area at night. A huge Borders is practically across the street (2-minute walk), and is open till very late. For meals, we enjoyed Sears (right beside Borders), which has the best pancakes in the city.Considering the hotel is right in the heart of the city, the room was very spacious, with a small kitchenette that had a fridge, microwave, coffeemaker. This was in addition to a king-sized and very comfortable bed and large sofa bed, TV and video player. A major factor for return guests is that the staff is exceptional: friendly, helpful, knowledgeable. Special mention must go to Mark San Felipe, whom you could always rely on to give you the best tips for places to go for meals and shopping. Whether early morning or very late at night, the front desk staff was unfailingly approachable, and this made our stay very pleasant indeed. In fact, Jet Blue lost my luggage on our first night there, and the hotel staff did all it could to help and assure me; looking up the necessary phone numbers, with Mark advising me on the best way to deal with the problem. His advice proved very useful, as I was able to pick up my luggage from the airport the next day, instead of relying on Jet Blue to deliver it to me at the hotel (and risk the luggage being misplaced again!)There is no other place I鈥檒l stay in when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GT65
<Content>Ah, the Donatello - I want to live there The hotel is elegant yet personable. The staff were uniformly helpful and professional. The room and common areas were clean, modern, and lovely. The lounge and rooftop sitting area were luxurious touches. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and would stay there again. I was shocked to be treated to such elegance for such a budget price.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PagesNorthCarolina
<Content>Spacious room, but lots of street noise Overall we enjoyed the hotel but there were a couple of quirks, some of which we knew about going in. When we checked in, it was a little earlier than their regular time and the room was ready. We were not asked which side of the hotel we wanted or if we had a floor preference (other guests were asked those questions when they checked in later). Possibly this was the only room available at the time so it is understandable. Our room was on the sixth floor overlooking Post St. The street noise on Friday and Saturday nights was very bad, but ear plugs helped. The room was very large and that was a big plus. Know what you are getting into if you sign up for the Timeshare sell. Keep your resolve if you just want the free gift. We also wondered about the spa facilities. Several people we ran into were not guest members and it seemed as if they just wanted a shower. Anyone could enter as you didn't need your key to open the facilities.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kewdale
<Content>too noisy The hotel generally was nice, room was adequate, the bathroom needed some TLC, Breakfast was ok, however there was only a coupe of tables in the dining room  it got crowded very quickly,but the biggest down fall was the street noise, one on the bedroom windows did not close properly  the hotel is on a main emergency services route  as a result we didn't get much sleep at night from all the sirens,  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>colkiwi
<Content>Great Experience The Donatello is a true San Francisco gem, tucked away only one block from Union Square. The property itself is staffed by friendly, knowledgable staff. They welcome your questions and are there to make your stay enjoyable. When booking, I suggest you request a high floor to negate at least part of the street noise. Our room was spacious, especially by the San Francisco standard. It had a small refrigerator which proved quite useful. The flat screen television and DVD player were both nice touches.The carpet showed no signs of stains while the furniture did show a few nicks and minimal guest trauma. The bed linens were of moderate, hotel quality. The bed itself was fairly comfortable. The robes provided were quite plush and of very good quality.The hotel offers nightly turn down service which was very nice. If you would like to opt out of it simply place the do not disturb sign on your door. If you want ice you will have to call the Bell Captain for complimentary delivery, no ice machines here. Both times we requested ice it was delivered within five minutes.Housekeeping was prompt and did an excellent job. No surprises upon our return to the room.Room service is limited. The only food items offered are from Zingari Restaurant which is on site. (**I do not recommend this restaraunt** please check the reviews before going)The concierge can recommend a restaraunt if you're not familiar with the area. They are very apprachable at the Donatello, not snooty in the least.At fourteen stories in height, don't expect a stellar city scape view though. We were in the midst of surrounding buildings, all seemed to be taller than ours.The Club level is on the fifteenth floor which will offer you some great views of the area. It has a comfortable feel to it, including a fireplace and offering self-service coffee and teas. You will also fing a hotel concierge there in addition to the concierge located in the lobby. If you're looking for an intimate, service oriented, upscale but unpretentious property in San Francisco. I would have to say that you won't be dissapointed here, I know we weren't.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cardiff2
<Content>Pleasant place  The Donatello is a medium-size hotel which is a just a few minutes walk from Union Square. We decided that we鈥檇 probably prefer this area to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf, and we were glad we made that choice.This is a well-run place. The rooms were nicely furnished, the bathroom was small-ish but adequate, and it was clean. Staff members all seemed very pleasant and efficient.A really big plus is that the Donatello provides free wi-fi access. After experiencing some rip-off charges elsewhere, we appreciated the gesture.The breakfast in the top floor Club Room is a great deal, but the room is too small to cope with demand and so it鈥檚 either balance your bagel on your lap or take it back to your room.There was a limited view of high-rise buildings from our room 鈥?as you鈥檇 expect in the city centre. Also, there is a very popular night club just across the road, so there was some noise in the early hours as people were leaving. There are some other lively bars and a few nice restaurants in the area - although it is mainly a shopping location.The hotel鈥檚 piano bar is pleasant, and offers very reasonably-priced drinks.The Donatello proved a good value deal in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Anonymous0108
<Content>Nice, Especially for the price! We chose the Donatello as we were staying in San Francisco for a week-long trip to attend a wedding. We booked here after looking around the web for quite a while, trying to find a hotel room in the right price range and yet also big enough for our stay. My husband and I were traveling with our 9-month old baby and needed a room large enough to fit a crib off to the side. The Donatello fit the bill perfectly. It is not the most luxurious hotel room I have ever been in, and the bathroom was a bit on the duller side, but it is clean, large (ESPECIALLY for SF), and pretty well appointed. There was even a little foyer area where we could put the crib so that our baby could sleep in the quiet dark while we had some lights on in the room. It might not be what you're looking for in a honeymoon suite, but it's a perfect fit for a business trip, a nice little get-away on a budget or a family vacation. Our hotel room was NOTHING like what the previous user's was like, with mold and peeling paint. If it were, we would not have stayed. The crib DID seem a little old and I will warn you to BRING YOUR OWN CRIB SHEET! The crib sheet was so big and loose it was a potential suffocation hazard and we did marvel that the hotel was risking a lawsuit, not to mention a child accident. Fortunately, we had own own. We really appreciated the sideboard with the empty refrigerator and the sink. It helped a lot with being able to bring in food, keeping formula and the washing and rinsing of the baby bottles. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and quite willing to put up with our check-in confusion. The maids did a terrific job everyday. One problem: The walls are somewhat thin. We could not hear other people for the most part, but my mother stayed in the room next to ours and, when the baby was having a particularly fussy night, my mother could hear her crying. Short of a screaming baby, however, not a lot of noise gets through. And, as we didn't receive any complaints, we're assuming it wasn't horrible for other guests. But to any other guests out there, we apologize if it were. Overall, this hotel did a good job of meeting our family's needs.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>2Maine
<Content>A good choice My husband and I recently returned from a week in California. We stayed 3 nights at The Donatello in San Francisco. We found the hotel to be a good choice for us. The room was extremely nice; large and well equipped. There was a wine and cheese party the afternoon we arrived (Friday) which is a once-a-week event. This took place on the top floor where the complimentary continental breakfast was offered every morning. Staff was very friendly and helpful, as other reviewers have noted. Housekeeping standards were high. The location, while convenient to Union Square, public transportation, etc., was sort of on the fringe, and you didn't want to wander too far or you'd be in a pretty seedy area.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FandJRocket3
<Content>Pretty faultless       the Donatello bed  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>conchalito
<Content>There must be two Donatellos in SF       Bathroom mirror  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>aorrdalca
<Content>The great combination of value, comfort, service and location We just spent a week at the Donatello, a clean, spacious and well-located hotel very close to Union Square. Our room was perhaps twice the size of a standard city room, and considerably less expensive. With the friendly service, included continental breakfasts and internet access, it's difficult to imagine how the Donatello could do things better. We'd happily return.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chachacola
<Content>good and bad Service was amazing. Jesus who runs the front desk deserves a raise. Was very upfront about everything and very helpful.However... our problem with the place was in the rooms themselves. The bed is quite possibly the most uncomfortable hotel bed i have ever slept on. We stayed in an Embassy Suites the night before... and the bed was better and the breakfast selection the next day was better.The hotel has a great location though... right near all the shops at Union Square. Conceirge was great about helping us get around town for cheap.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>futurebruin2
<Content>I Absolutely Loved the Donatello I stayed at the Donatello Hotel for our recent trip to San Francisco California and let me tell you, It has to be one of the BEST hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff there was EXTREMELY nice, and had some of the best if not THE BEST customer service ever. They greet you with smiles on their faces and are so polite, they genuinely do make you feel very welcome. Anytime we needed something, we would call housekeeping and we would have someone knocking on our door in literally less than 5 minutes. They are so attentive and will help you in any way. They're just great. I am planning to go back to San Francisco very soon, and will definitely plan on staying at the Donatello hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShaluKalu
<Content>I will stay at the Donatello again The rooms at the Donatello are comfortable, practical, and attractive. The staff is helpful and pleasant. Breakfast is a buffet continental repast--the room gets crowded but the food is quite fresh. I was there for 12 nights and don't have a single criticism of the hotel, except for the crowded breakfast room.The restaurant attached to the hotel, however, is quite mediocre and very noisy, with unresponsive staff. Avoid it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JLudlm
<Content>Nice renovation Great Suite I have been frequenting this hotel on and off for the last few years but have been missing since the renovation of the presidential suite which I booked for a week-end with my wife.Although the tenderloin with its usual mix of bohemians and bums remains near and unchanged (the Hotel is one block from Union Square Shopping and the Theater District) I enjoyed seeing again the same faces (Miguel the parking attendant is becoming an icon) and enjoyed the friendly atmosphere of the hotel .The check-in was a bit slow but I enjoyed my free apple while waiting. The elevators are also a bit slow but adequate most of the times.The suite was completely renovated, the living room and dining room now have polished wood floors and the living rooms has an enormous (I think 50) plasma HD.Rugs adorn all the rooms and the walls look freshly painted.The decor doesn't match the rest of the hotel because they picked a classic elegant look with heavy draperies and antique prints on the wall but makes you feel at home and pampered.I guess they have not renovated the kitchen as it was locked and not available during my stay.All and all I had a great time and would reccomend it.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Torport
<Content>Big rooms, nice service Great location, big room, very nice hotel staff and excellent rate! Everyone that works there was always very pleasant and curteous. It's just a block or two from Union Square which is great for shopping. Also very close to the BART. Fisherman's warf is a little further but not a bad walk (as long as you go along more flatter streets, like Kearny).During my stay in San Fran, I also stayed at the Hilton Financial District for 4 nights. I personally preferred the location of the Hilton only because I really liked Columbus street with all the Italian restaurant cafes. But overall, I felt the Donatello was a much better place to stay. Certainly not as poshy and trendy as the Hilton but very clean and nice and closer to more stuff to do. They also have a rooftop patio thing which is kind of cool (only went to see it, didn't really enjoy it much).  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zeenith1234
<Content>Comfortable, Modern and Well Located Hotels near Union Square tend to fall into 2 categories: ultra posh and very expensive or less-expensive character buildings that have been nicely restored but are still old buildings with small rooms and no A/C . The Donatello is one of the few that doesn't fit into either category.The hotel is a 1960s-ish building with big rooms, fitness center and modern elevators. Rooms have king-size beds plus a queen sofa-bed, new (but not fancy) furniture, A/C and a big LCD TV and DVD player. A real bonus was the small kitchenette in our room with microwave, empty bar fridge (who drinks those minis anyway?), bar sink, and supplies including wine glasses, plates, cutlery, cutting board and corkscrew. Our room rate also included continental breakfast each morning.It is clean and the staff are super nice. We did have a few small problems: there was no bedding for the sofa bed even though our reservation clearly specified we were a party of 3; and the latches on the aluminum frame casement windows were so worn that the windows would not latch closed. Both of these problems were cheerfully corrected by the staff 鈥?they even sent someone up from the 鈥渆ngineering department鈥?to show me how to work the DVD player.Like virtually all of San Francisco, noise is a problem if you鈥檙e a light sleeper. Upon check-in we requested a room on the highest floor available (10th of 14) and the light sleepers in our group of 3 women slept with ear plugs.We had a pleasant and comfortable stay at this well-located hotel. I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ArubaPhoenix
<Content>Donatello Was Great We only stayed here 3 nights but I wish it could have been more. We arrived long before check in time but our room was ready and after flying from the East coast it was fabulous to get into our room. The room was large, great comfy bed and plenty of room. The hotel is also a timeshare so the guests probably stay longer and need the microwave, wet bar etc. I couldn't believe we got a smoking room in California (husband is a smoker - please no lectures) but the windows in the room could open so he would smoke right near the window so the room would be spared. No view to speak of but fresh air!The location right at Union Square was so convenient to everything.A continental brakfast is available on the club level and it was free with our room or is $4.00 - coffee, etc. fruit, danish bagels - more than enough for us. The bar - next to the restaurant is very nice and has an extended happy hour each day - very nice at the end of the day after walking the hills of San Francisco. I'd go back to the Donatello in a minute.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keesboom
<Content>Great Hotel and location C.Schuddeboom, Lords Valley,PA.September 2008The hotel is in a perfect location. One block from Union Square and 3 block for ChinaTown. The service was excellent. The hotel was clean ,bright and cozy. We had one of the seven terrace rooms and definitely worth trying for.The room was large,very comfortable and has A/C. Loved the wet bar,microwave,refrig,dishes,glasses and silverware.We celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary and , when told, the hotel sent up a bottle of wine and chocalates.Nice touch.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>galveston_gal
<Content>Had Everything We Needed My husband and I stayed at the Donatello from October 8 through October 12. I booked the hotel on their website and paid from $159 (Wed., Thurs. through $199 (Sat.) for our stay. I found this to be a reasonable price judging from websites I checked prior to our trip. We stayed on the 8th floor close to the elevators and never once heard the sounds from anyone in the hall. There was a wall of windows fronting Post street, and we loved having the natural light with the curtains open. Perhaps we're heavy sleepers, but with the windows closed and the air on, we slept very well. One night that I left the windows open, I was disturbed by the trash collection going on early in the morning. We tried out the new jacuzzi in the workout area and had a great time. We were the only ones using the tub, and using a tip learned here on TripAdvisor, I set the timer on the womens' sauna before entering the jacuzzi so that the sauna would be nice and hot after our soak in the jacuzzi. Unfortunately for me, either I don't know how to use the sauna or it was broken. Either way, I was disappointed. My husband had a great 15 minutes in the mens' sauna and wanted to return every evening.We only had the free continental breakfast only once during our four night stay. It seemed to be very carb heavy with lots of donuts and bagels, and not what we normally have for breakfast so we decided to go out all other times. There are many diners, and coffee shops nearby in any direction. You will definitely find something to eat.I appreciated the free San Francisco Chronicle and US Today available, and also the coffee and tea available throughout the day.I would definitely recommend this property as a good middle of the road hotel with very large rooms in San Francisco. If you want to spend more money for luxury then you should do so. This is a nice property for under $200 per night in a wonderful location near Union Square and near all the cable car lines. I definitely give it an enthusiastic thumbs up!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>USFlyerNewJersey
<Content>Just Wonderful Stayed 4 nights end of September into October. All requests were honored - no smoking, room in rear, and adjacent room next to other family members. Very efficient and courteous staff.Rooms were very large with small efficiency kitchen - refrigertor, microwave, sink, toaster,  coffee. Very clean and nicely furnished. Free Wi-fi connections and access to computer and printer in lobby. Location was perfect - only a couple of blocks to Union Square and near all transportation. Nice little walk into China town also.Hotel served a continental breakfast with bagels, croissants, and pastries and some fruit each morning in the roof top lounge which was plenty to get us started for the day of touring. Hotel also had a gym with sauna but unfortunately we never had time to use it. Hotel also has a nice restaurant and bar area which offers half-priced apertizers during Happy Hour. Great hotel at a great price. I would highy recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>DubArk
<Content>Well worth a stay!! Stayed Sep/Oct 2008.The Donatello was exactly what we read on TA. We were delighted with our room which on advice from TA we were given the 10 floor to the back of the Hotel. Very quiet, as over the week ends due to a night club across the road, any lower im sure the crowds would disturb your sleep.The Room was a fine size and felt very homely indeed. It was always kept very clean and we used the laundry vacillates which we would highly recommend and again like the hotel very good value. The staff were so friendly all the time and anytime you asked for anything they couldn鈥檛 have been more cooperative and helpful. That鈥檚 the way to run a hotel!The Continental Breakfast was a waste of time, sticky doughnuts covered in icing sugar and that鈥檚 if you were there well before 9 in the morning, if not there was nothing left?? We鈥檙e supposed to be on vacation what was the rush鈥? We had breakfast out most mornings. The woman who was running it very unfriendly was even rude to customers on occasions. The ZINGARI Restaurant and Piano Bar and Lounge, overlooking Downtown San Francisco through grand windows of Hotel Donatello is the best and the bar manager Mari is one in a million. She made the place for us, most nights we would go down to the bar and have a few drinks and Mari couldn鈥檛 have been more welcoming. Always a good laugh and plenty of chat at the bar! Don鈥檛 miss Amanda King the in-house Jazz Singer, great voice and wonderful personality. If your there tell Mari(Mary) that Hugh and Chris say high!! All in all this is a little gem in SF and great value.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BlackCoffee
<Content>Fantastic Service, great location A Block away from Union square at a reasonable price? I found it hard to believe.... but it was true. The Donatello is a comfortable hotel in a great location with a great staff.The Room was very clean and comfortable, with Microwave oven, toaster and fridge for storing small snacks. From our seventh floor room we could hear no road noise. Great selection of TV channels (No PPV).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Dreamdance
<Content>Donatello Rocks... We just had a wonderful visit to San Fran which included 2 nights at the Donatello. What a great Boutique style hotel!!!! Our room was large and the bed was really nice. Reminded of our bed at home..Location perfect a block from Union Square..The staff was excellent and very helpful. Sarah the concierge hooked us up with a fabulous Italian restaurant Fino 2 blocks from the hotel. Fino is a small romantic place with nothing over 27$$$. The food and service were exceptional!!!! Great Combo...The Donatello  Fino  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>clevel60
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent Location       Rooftop of the CA Acad of Sciences  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Griznovski
<Content>Well worth it Me and my wife stayed in the Donatello in Sept 2008 and it was a great start to our California holiday. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was large, bright, clean and comfortable. Really god bed too, which is important to us. I used the gym a couple of times which is a little small but functional. Unlike some other reviewers, we didn't have any problems with noise from the street even though it was Friday and Saturday and we could see the entrance to a nightclub from our 15th floor window.The only negative is the breakfast. It's fine if you're happy with coffeee, croisants, bagels, fresh fruits and gooey gunky sweet muffins, but the breakfast room itself is very small and nowhere near able to seat all the guests who come in so most ended up taking their breakfasts to their rooms to eat. Again, fine if you don't mind doing that but something to be aware of.Location is very good and it seems quite critical. We popped over to look at the Hotel California which is only a couple of blocks away and one we were considering staying at. But those couple of blocks make a big difference. The neighbourhood takes a swift dive for the worse into a world of liquor stores and downbeat people hanging out on corners. Not exactly romantic. But the area immediately around the Donatello is fine.Overall then, a very nice hotel for the price and in a great location.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Den08
<Content>Felt welcome This was my second stay at the Donatello. They made me feel welcome which is very nice of a hotel. All the staff were friendly and professional making the stay a pleasure. The continuental breakfast provided with the room was good but could have used more varieties of fruit. If you want to stay in downtown San Francisco this is the place to stay if your looking for a good room at a reasonable price. The only draw back is that they only have one bed in each room making it dificult to bring the family.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lamalmc
<Content>The Best We have stayed at the Donatello many times. All are stays have been very enjoyable. All the staff are great to deal with and the hotel itself is a very special place to spend an enjoyable weekend in San Francisco. This last say, I must give cudo's to bell man Carlos. He helped out with a couple of special situations, beyond the call of duty. Thanks again,Lon McCaslandRedding, Ca.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>santafeterry
<Content>Made a great stay in S.F. even greater! This was my second stay at The Donatello and they will most certainly get my future business while in San Francisco. Great location, friendly  helpful staff and clean, quiet and beautifully decorated rooms. My wife and I arrived late on a Friday afternoon and after settling into our room, we relaxed on the concierge level  outdoor lounge area to totally enjoy the Friday wine  cheese party which is a tradition at The Donatello. What a way to start our vacation and set the mood for our relaxing and romantic stay in San Francisco!The Donatello provides all the subtle little touches that make your stay just that much more special--morning newspaper, a bowl of apples in the lobby for the guests, free continental breakfast, nightly turn-down service with chocolates on your pillow, access to a computer and, when it was discovered that I was celebrating a birthday during our stay, a gift of a bottle of wine and box of chocolates was sent to our room. The Donatello certainly contributed to the absolute enjoyment of our stay in San Francisco!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TRIPMANHAWAII
<Content>Would Return to the Donetello Hotel staff was very accommodating and answered any questions that i had; Location was in very good proximity of the Union Square; Room was clean and well kept.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelsof2
<Content>Frisco Find       Donatello Room  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mack05482
<Content>Loved the Donatello! We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. We were treated with such friendliness and courtesy by all the staff. The concierge arranged for our rental car and gave us much assistance with our itinerary. The rooms were spacious, clean and very well equipped with refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. The location is near Union Square, 5 blocks from the Bart train and near MUNI. This hotel is a gem and we will definitely return here on our next trip to San Francisco!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelinGal79
<Content>Great Hotel  My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Donatello in San Francisco for one night. Being that it was our first time to the city we were pleasantly surprised that our hotel researching paid off! The hotel was definitely a little gem, and the staff were above par with being extremely helpful and accommodating to us. The location was only a few blocks from Union Square and all of it's magnificent shopping! And right in the heart of San Francisco's exciting city. All of the hotel staff that we encountered were extremely nice and really made you feel at home and welcome.Thanks Donatello we will definitely stay with you the next time we are in the area!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Marilyn42
<Content>Donatello - Great choice! Stayed at The Donatello Sept. 14- 20 and we were very happy with our choice of hotel and glad we decided not to stay at Fisherman's Wharf. Hotel is in a good location and 5 mins. walk to the start of the Cable Car to get on at the beginning, and the F Line on Market Street which we used frequently. If you are returning from the waterfront, you get off at Post which is only one block away.Pleasantly surprised at the large size of the room and the amount of drawers and shelves (double closet with safe and 3 drawers at the entrance), also each side of the TV stand opens up to about five shelves. We unpacked completely as we were staying 6 nights and did not have to live out of our suitcase. There is a microwave, toaster, bar fridge, coffee maker, sink and glasses, plates and cutlery provided.Staff were extremely pleasant and helpful with any of our questions. Good continental breakfast included - excellent choice at 7:30 a.m., however by 9:00 a.m., it can be picked over. The coffee maker in the room makes one large coffee, but that wasn't a problem - I just went up each morning and brought two large cups down to the room from the Club Floor. Coffee is available 24 hrs. so if you sleep in, you miss the food but can still get coffee. We were on the street side (facing the Marriott Hotel) and it was somewhat noisy, but we are sound sleepers, and it didn't bother us. If you are a light sleeper, you may want to request a room not facing the street.Several very nice restaurants within walking distance and at all price levels. They have a few smoking rooms, and by contacting the hotel directly, we were able to be assigned a smoking room.For price and location, it is excellent value.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveller1310
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great location Great hotel located just off Union Square. Staff were really friendly and helpful and the rooms were large, comfortable and well equipped. My only complaint would be that we were woken at 5.30am on the last morning of our stay by a staff member knocking on the door to deliver our final bill - no idea why they felt the need to do this, as we weren't checking out until 11am! Other than this, I wouldn't hesitate recommending a stay at the Donatello to anyone visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GordonandMichael
<Content>A well kept secret in the heart of San Francisco The Donatello was the perfect place to begin our tour of the USA. Finding the hotel was no problem as it is a 5 minute walk from the Powell Street BART stop. 35 minutes from airport to hotel in total.Rooms were large and very comfortable. Staff were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, and the happy hour in the bar was also very welcome and great value.The rate included a buffet breakfast which is served in the club room on the top floor overlooking the city. A walk to the Embarcadero and Pier 39 is 30 minutes away, so the Donatello is well located.Gordon and Michael  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>AmsterdamSdj
<Content>Good hotel, great location Good hotel, clean and spacious room, friendly staff and really great location.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AbiV
<Content>Good hotel, great location, friendly staff       And I got a photo with my favourite owl..........  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Pinaki
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed at this hotel for four nights. The cost of the stay was the same using various websites or the hotel's own site and cost $100 for a large room as we were travelling with our teenage daughter. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, including the night staff as we arrived very late after a flight from the UK. The hotel is just a few minutes from Union Square and close a variety of transport links around the city, including the cable car.The room was clean and comfortable. Continental breakfast was included with the price and there was a good selection of breads and pastries. However, if I were to have one complaint it would be that the breakfast room is very small and each morning there were not enough places for people to sit and eat. Many people just picked some things up and took it to their rooms. The coffee was also not always very hot. That being said, I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again if we visit San Francisco again.One piece of advice for anyone who is picking up a rental car from San Francisco - don't!. We used Alamo and the wait was four hours to get the pre-booked car (although they ran out of cars and we were upgraded). Hertz next door to the hotel also had an extremely long queue of people waiting to pick up a car at mid-day. This is apparently a common problem in the city during the summer. Next time I will pick up a car at the airport.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>M&ALongGrove
<Content>~ 脠 bello! We checked into The Donatello for 3 nights, August 20-22nd. The hotel is in a great San Francisco location: about 3 blocks from the Street Car turn-a-round on Powell St.; the same distance to the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) Powell stop; with Trolley Cars and Buses all nearby. Note: a BART ride to SFO (San Francisco International Airport) is 35 minutes, and costs $5.35 one-way. It is only a 7-minute walk to The Donatello. Nice! Also: the AVIS Rental Car Office is only 2 blocks away. Nice! About the hotel . . .Very well-maintained. Nice lobby. Nice front desk staff. Very courteous. Very helpful.Nice, spacious room. Not out-dated at all. Nicely furnished. Microwave. Fridge. Flat-screen TV. Clean, marble bath. Great shower.Small, but nice, exercise room on the Club Floor on 14. Nice lockers for men and women. Sauna. Spa pool. Clean. Well-done.Continental breakfast. One of the best that we have ever had. Anywhere. Fresh coffee. Juice. Rolls. Croissants. Fresh fruit. Well-stocked. Well-replenished. You won't walk away hungry.Negatives: Our room was on the 10th floor. The hotel had an air conditioning proplem on our first night. With the windows open, there was quite a bit of street noise. However, with the windows closed, no problem. And, this IS a city location, folks. Also: the breakfast, which is served on the Club Floor, can get very busy. Very busy. It is served from 7am to 9:30am. Finding a place to sit can be a challenge. An outdoor patio is also available with limited seating. Go for it!! That's it for our negatives. No big deal, eh?Summary: The Donatello is a fine hotel, with very nice amenities, priced-right, with a first-class staff in a prime San Francisco location. You should not be disappointed booking The Donatello for a nice visit in one of our country's special cities.Gustare!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilacbirman13
<Content>Comfy Stay and Great Staff The staff at the Donatello was very professional and friendly during our four night stay. We checked into room 915 which was considered a 鈥渜uiet鈥?room. I was afraid that our view would be the wall of another building but luckily we had a half way decent view of the Clift  Hilton hotels a block or two away. To the very left we could also see Ruby Skye nightclub which did get a bit noisy. Being a highly sensitive sleeper, my sound machine has saved me eight nights of noisy street sounds during our SF stay here and another hotel near the wharf area. The room was a good size for the city, the color scheme was very pleasant and furnishings were well done IMO. The room also has a fridge, toaster, microwave oven, cups, dishes and utensils. We were never approached about the time-share but we did bump into a few owners who seemed to really love it here. One couple had been there for three weeks! The bathroom was very clean but could use some updating such as the tub caulking in a few spots showed some age spots. So if you are one of those people who is picky about such things, this lovely hotel might not be for you.My complaint is that the shower really sucked (can I use that word?); I felt like I was being shot at by a fire hose! I like a soothing shower after a long day and being shot at by a water canon like shower was VERY unpleasant. Oh, and the toilet flush is quite loud you can actually hear it next door, uh, only the flushing part though, lol. Other than that I would stay here again. It鈥檚 a great location, the staff welcomes you back each afternoon/evening and it was nice to be able to go to the club at the top floor to have coffee, tea or cocoa. The location is great and the price is pretty good.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AugustLovers
<Content>Great Decor, Great Location We really enjoyed our stay. The bed was good, the room was clean, the shower was nice and strong, and the decor was really cool. The location for site seeing was great, especially if you're into Union Square and Chinatown. The address should really be on Mason Street as the valet car drop off is not on Post. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We were greeted warmly and when we asked for a remote for the DVD player, there was someone at our door with the remote within minutes. Good free wireless internet. The view isn't much, but that would be expected as this part of town has many high rises. The only weakness they have is in the quality of their continental breakfast...which consisted mainly of bagels and pastries. But there was a large selection of tea and coffee and hot chocolate...so, hey...whatever.We really liked it.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GordonToulson
<Content>Classy Boutique Hotel in San Fran. San Francisco was the last stage of our trip to California and we stayed at The Donatello from 19th to 24th April 2008. We chose it after studying many hotel reviews and were well pleased with our choice. The hotel has been refurbished in contemporary style. Our room was huge by city standards. We had a microwave, sink unit and tea making facilities. There was also a CD/DVD player and Hi-Fi system. Noise was minimal. The only loudness was the orange colour of the room decor ! A simple continental breakfast of bagels and croissants with preserves was served in the beautifully furnished 'club room' on the top floor. Being close to Market Street and the cable cars for transport and Union Square for dining proved to be big plus points for this hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to stay here again and recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tzengia
<Content>Confort in SF Nice hotel placed a couple of blocks from Union Square. The room are big with microwave, coffe machine, toaster and refrigerator. We recomend it.Gianni + AleItaly  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Nick48
<Content>Excellent hotel !!! This was our first visit to San Francisco. We stayed from Jun 27 to jul 3. Our experience was great in the Donatello. Very clean, excellent location, and very customer oriented staff.The hotel is at walking distance to the great union square and many shops, restaurants,bars and even a drug store.The room was clean, confortable, a/c (we never used), and not noisy as other members reported. The bed was great, nice pillows.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NiceNYer
<Content>Largest Rooms in SF I join the chorus of admirers on TripAdvisor who recommend this hotel for its excellent location, large rooms, consistent service and undeniable value. Our very large, king-bedded room on a high floor featured a clean, small bath with marble surfaces and expectable amenities. We were told that it was on Club Level, which may or may not indicate a premium room at a premium price. The bill was still under $200 per night for a last minute booking. Simple complimentary breakfast, helpful concierge, easy transfer by taxi to the airport--we really could not ask for anything more. It lacks the high drama of the Mariott's top-floor lounge, or the Hanging Gardens of Babylon inside the Hyatt's cavernous lobby. But it freed up several hundred dollars that went, instead, toward food, wine, flight and car-rental in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pirategirrl
<Content>A great stay, fantastic location We loved our time here--the central location cannot be beat. One block from the cable car line, and walking distance to tons of restaurants and shops. We did not notice much noise like other reviews mentioned, exept on Saturday night. Quite a few revelers in town for the Memorial Day weekend. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the free internet booth was a nice extra. The only disappointment was the remodeling of the jacuzzi which made it unavailable, but the beds were very comfortable and we had lots of space in our room.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>EB190
<Content>Nice hotel in the center of the city       View from our room on 9th floor  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>rogermauricemartin
<Content>A wonderfull place to stay We staid 6 nights in this hotel. We will come back in SF next year and will select it again. All is perfect.The staff is great, very friendly and always helpfull. Check in was only 1 minute but unfortunatly check out was the double: 2 minutes! No, I'm jocking. It was nice!The room is confortable, spacious and very clean. Your daughter (15) was sleeping in a sofa bed. It was also confortable. Freedge and microwave in the room, with table sets. The bathroom is a little bit small and old fashion but enought and perfectly clean. We were in the 10th floor opposite the street. It was very quiet. I asked people who was on street side : they said it was quiet also. But I gess in the week end it is more noisy. Breakfast is basic but good. The breafast room is very small, so you often have to wait or bring back your breakfast in your room. But it is not a problem.Nice location, close to Union square. Not too fare there are small restaurants with pizza or noddles to take away you can eat in the room.There is a free computer with internet with printer in the lobby. It was very helpfull. I red many review telling that you must ask for a room on the 5th floor with a balcony. I don't see honnestly the interest. So don't worry if you don't have one!But definitly: choose this hotel for your next trip to SF!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alanbab
<Content>Great Hotel with excellent service We chose the Donatello based on the good reviews on Trip Advisor. We arrived at the hotel around 10.30am after disembarking from a cruise and had requested an early check-in. We were very impressed when the reception staff were clearly expecting us and our room was ready - excellent!The room was just as shown on the website, clean, spacious and very comfortable. The roof terrace is very nice and we made use of the simple continental breakfast which is complimentary. I must add that this area could get very crowded at breakfast but we were there at 7am and had no problems. The hotel is in an excellent location particularly for people who don't want to keep walking up hill to their hotel.We felt that the Donatello gives excellent value for money.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Arilisanne
<Content>Fantastic Experience Nowadays it's tough to find a nice hotel with all the amenities in a big city for under $200 a night. Well, the Donatello exceeded all my expectations. The service was prompt, efficient, and friendly. Our room was spacious, very clean, and comfortable. The hotel provided all the services of the large chain, upscale hotels including concierge, bellmen, spa services, etc., but provided a free continental breakfast, free wifi, and free use of the fitness center -- most upscale hotels despite high room rates, also charge additional fees for such services. The only downside that I can think of to this place is that it is also a timeshare, so be wary of the free wine and cheese reception on Friday afternoons; it's more of a sales pitch to buy the timeshares. But we were not hassled at all. Also the fitness center is a tad anemic; just three cardio machines and one weight machine -- but like I said, it's free, and there are also men's and women's saunas and a co-ed jacuzzi (though that was out of service when I was there). It's just six blocks from a BART station, and in a great shopping neighborhood (Union Square) and close to Chinatown. Overall, a great stay and I'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moses1971
<Content>Great Hotel We loved the Donatello. The staff was Great!!!!! Big and clean room. The room had a microwave and refigerator which really came in handy. The location was perfect. Very safe. Did I say the staff was Great!!!! The only complaint I had was the street noise on the weekend from the club across the street. We had brought ear plugs to be prepared and we slept fine. I would not think twice about staying there again and would recommend it. Make sure you get a top floor away from the club.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blackchevy
<Content>Great Service!! We'll be back!! Glenn the Concierge was great! He planned our whole trip from beginning to end for us hour by hour, dining, theater, sightseeing, everything. It felt as if we saw everything San Francisco had to offer yet still had time to enjoy our vacation. The house keeping was particularly friendly aspecially Thelma and Damaris. Jesus at the front desk always had a witty one-liner which kept my wife and I laughing. To make a long story short, it was the friendly service that goes abouve and beyond that makes The Donatello the best place in Union Square to visit.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>two-to-go-08
<Content>Great Hotel ... Bad Tour experience The Hotel was Great, just don't book your tours through the concierge. We booked one that included Muir Woods and the Wine country. The concierge or hotel uses a tour company called Extranomical Adventusan Fransico. They sent an 8 passenger van and put 15 people in it. It was so bad, we had to get off and not take the tour. The tour company said no refunds because you have to cancel 72 hours in advance.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>geoff1007
<Content>Great Hotel Super hotel. Biggest beds and great sized rooms. Really convenient - just a block from Union Square and bars/eateries.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eblebebe
<Content>Great Location. Great Price. Check the hotel website for their Sunday night special. (The closer to the weekend, the lower the price gets as long as they have rooms.) We had a King Suite: King bed (very comfortable), sitting area (couch, chair), entertainment center and wet bar (sink, refrigerator, microwave,coffee maker, real cups and glasses, silverware...) Noise was NOT a problem on Sunday night. Very pleasant and helpful staff.Great location; Easy walking distance to Union Square, Curran Theatre, trolley  more - try Max's restaurant a short block away - more reasonable than the hotel's restaurant and great food (breakfast, lunch and dinner.) The ONLY negative is the decor - I'm talking UGLY! But clean and good quality - so turn out the lights and you have a 3+ star boutique hotel at 1-2 star prices! Beware the stay  park deal - we paid $5 more for parking on the package deal than if we had just gone to the hotel and paid the $28 per day parking. (Might want to call the hotel before booking and compare the package to the regular parking at the time.)Enjoy  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>vickinca
<Content>dont take a room over looking Post or Mason Great Hotel, as previous reviews staff are wonderful and very helpfull, breakfast also had orange juice, bagles (which you could toast) along with pastries, coffee and several types of tea. The biggest down fall the noise from Ruby Skye across the street started @ 11 pm until 2 am finally dozed off and then what I thought was the garbage truck @ 4am woke me up to smashing glass. After laying there for about 15 minutes I got up to take a look to see what the heck was going on but it was not the garbage truck making the noise it was people going through the garbage looking for cans and glass, yes garbage pickers going through the garbage looking for glass and cans and then throwing them into the back of the pick up truck. This went on until just after 5 am and it was loud and we where on the 7th floor corner room, got up to make sure all the windows where closed it was that loud. If the hotel could find a way to sound proof the windows this would resolve the noise issue. Second night (Saturday I slept with the pillow over by head which helped) so if you are a light sleeper like me do not take a room over looking this street ask to be moved right a way. This is the only issue we had, we didnt change rooms as we where only there for 3 nights in total, but now that we know this side of the hotel is loud, we will make sure not to take a room on this side of the street! Great location to everything will be posting a travel tip in the near future  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel42work
<Content>Wonderful amenities The Donatello is great! The location is perfect, just enough off the beaten path to feel relaxed once you walk away from Market Street crowds. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. I love the little kitchenette and the empty fridge. It even had a microwave and toaster in the room, plus plates and glasses. There was a DVD player that was easy to use. The windows had shutters and could be opened. The thermostat worked. I loved the color scheme with the orange wall. The bed and pillows were comfortable. I thought it was an incredible value worth far more than I paid.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>pamsadventures
<Content>Best Hotel of all I've visited The location of the hotel was great, the staff was great, housekeeping was phenomenal, loved the convenience of hot beverages throughout the day,  noise was not a factor in our room. Enjoyed our stay immensely. We went to San Fran for my birthday,  per suggestions from other reviewers, I called the hotel to let them know that,  requested a room with a balcony. When I got there, I was pleasantly surprised to hear that they were able to honour my request (since there are only a few select rooms with balconies). Asides from the occassional police sirens, we did not hear any noise, perhaps because of the location of the room,  the fact that the weather was cool enough for us to sleep with the windows closed. I did not get a welcome pkg upon arriving, but they called a few days later for us to pick it up. We were too busy to pick it up, so I don't know what's in it. Also, despite other guest's comments, we were never bothered about attending timeshare. The breakfast was nothing special. I say you're better off buying some cereal  milk from Walgreens  eating that each morning than eating their sugary offerings. I am also puzzled @ how they would offer just orange juice,  not a choice of juices in the morning (my boyfriend  I can't have orange juice). I have a bad back,  don't usually like hotel beds, but their bed was only second to the sleep-number beds offered @ other hotels.The location is great, you don't need to rent a car, it is very close to everything. Housekeeping vacuumed,  very thoroughly cleaned our place every day. Even our dishes were washed!Turndown service everynight was lovely to come back to after a long  tiring day of sightseeing.It rained one night,  the hotel lent us an umbrella (just ask front desk)They even gave us a complimentary bottle of wine for my birthday.My boyfriend  I were also @ another hotel on this trip, but enjoyed the Donatello so much more! Tip: If you are an AAA member, check the website of the hotel direct before you book because I found booking direct with them using the AAA discount was cheaper than doing it through on-line travel sites. It was a wonderful hotel, but I guess it best to book with this hotel during low travel season so that you're less likely to get stuck with a bad room.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FabiolaMiami
<Content>Too noisy for rooms facing street, specially on week-ends We stayed at the Hotel for three nights on April 23rd. The rooms are quite large and have the advantage of a small refrigerator with a sink and a microwave. Nevertheless, only two pillows were supplied and we had to ask for two more. The A/C was not very good but we were able to sleep with the windows closed. On the 3rd night, which was a Friday, we could not sleep at all, with all the street noise (even though we were on the 9th floor). Another couple traveling with us had an inside room and did not hear the noise. The Continental Breakfast was ok, but there are only 4-5 tables which are very rapidly occupied. The breakfast, although ends at 9:30 am, sometimes runs out of food by 9 am.Our valet parking was good, you would call 5 minutes prior to leaving and they had the car ready for you. Our Welcome Package was never presented to us upon registration, as they are supposed to do - only got a call two days later to have us pick it up - which we did not do. The staff is very friendly and warm. The proximity to Union Square and to Powell Street makes it very convenient for shopping and transportation.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>Stoutmaker
<Content>Greatest Stay!!!! My wife and I have traveled to numerous locations throughout the US and Mexico. I have to say that The Donatello is the greatest hotel we have been to. The staff was excellent, especially the front desk and the concierge. I have read numerous reviews and want to dispel the rumor that it was noisy. Yes there is a club across the street and maybe room location has something to do with it but we slept every night with the windows open and were not bothered one bit by the noise. We are returning to the Donatello in two weeks and would never think of staying any where else in San Fran!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fireandrain
<Content>Very Noisy Despite reading a previous review about noise we took a chance. The hotel is very well located- a block from Union Square. The rooms are clean and freshly decorated. Everyone on staff was friendly and competent.Just one significant problem- the noise. We were on the 9th floor (too high to hear anything we thought?) About 10PM to midnight on both Friday and Saturday nights the noise below from the nighclub Ruby Skye sounded like a riot going on. The commotion in front of the club caused traffic problems. (Shouting, screaming, etc)And by the wee hours the clean-up crew would dump a load of empty bottles in the recycle bin about every 15 minutes. (CRASH)-I'd guess about 15 times.The real shame is other than the noise I would strongly recomment this hotel.If I were them I'd call the police to make a disturbing the peace complaint.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dm713
<Content>LOVE the Donatello! We are Shell Vacation Club members and the Donatello is part of SVC's network. It was really a pleasant surprise, as I've always heard how small the rooms are in SFO. Our room/suite was incredibly spacious with the best bed ever! I also like the stereo and DVD player in the room. Location is really key. The Donatello is just a couple of blocks from Union Square and less than a mile walk to Chinatown. It was very easy to get around on buses and trolleys (bus is definitely the way to go, and you don't need to buy the $18 week pass...it's only $1.50 for the bus with a 2 hour transfer for free).My only complaint about the hotel was that the jacuzzi tub was broken (and apparently has been since November 2007...are there no repairmen in this town?), and there is no pool. But we were so busy sightseeing everyday that it didn't impact us in the least.Staff were incredibly friendly and they've got a pretty darn good happy hour everyday in the lounge. We absolutely recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NewHampshirePrincess
<Content>We loved The Donatello Club We stayed at the Donatello during the week of St. Patricks Day,2008. The weather was sunny and of course a little chilly but we are from the NH so we thought it was great. We were very impressed with the Donatello. The staff was very friendly at all times. The food at the Restaurant on the 2nd floor was great and we very much enjoyed the delicious pastries, coffee and juice served upstairs in the Donatello Club level. Our room was clean, large, and the bed was so comfortable. The bathroom was marble tiles and the decor, reminicent of Italian style. The location was near to the shopping district at Union Sq and in a good area, not too hilly right there. They have a parking garage which we did not need, we used the public transportation,streetcars and the cable cars. Do the cable cars and ride on the outside standing up. It's fabulous!The Hertz rental car shop is right next door,very convienent!!We highly recommend The Donatello and would go back in a second!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>psprof
<Content>Wonderful Hotel (Watch out for noise!) A wonderful hotel. We stayed 2 nights. From when we arrived, the hotel staff were amazingly helpful. The only big negative of this hotel is the noise outside. We asked for a quiet room and we could still hear the crowds clubbing across the street. It wasn't enough to keep us awake, but we can imagine in a room facing the street, it would be pretty bad. Ask for a room high up and away from the street (no view, but quieter). The restaurant food was also really good and we ate there twice. The wine and cheese tasting was no big deal, but the pent house lounge was nice to sit and relax, drink some tea, etc. There was no real work space or desk in the room, though, so finding space to use the free internet might be difficult at times. Just have to work from the bed. The inclusion of a little kitchenette and all the cable movie channels for free (no pay-per-view! What a concept!), though makes up for this minor deficiency. This really is a good 4 star hotel with 5 star service. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Goletti
<Content>Loved the Donatello Fantastic location, staff were ever so friendly especially Jesus, it was our honeymoon and without thought we were upgraded and given a bottle of champagne. The only downside was that the rooms were a little tired but very clean, and if I'm honest you are only sleeping there as there is so much to do in San francisco.Definitely recommend staying there again - don't bother with breakfast though - a few danishes don't cut the mustard for me.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>andrealv
<Content>Disappointing and unorganized If I have to summarize this hotel in one word it would be: UNORGANIZED! Maybe I鈥檓 a little jaded because I had such high expectations (and had read some great reveiws) and was disappointed from the very beginning. This hotel has some good qualities, but a few minor improvements here and there could make it a lot better. The bad: Dated rooms, poor communication and check in, questionable housekeepingThe good: Good location, Lounge with coffee and tea, Free Wi-fi...The parts that made me sad: Before checking, I called to see if I could get some assistance, we were celebrating our anniversary and I wanted to get some ideas and restaurant listings. Well, I called several times and they kept transferring me to someone else, then someone else, and then leave a voicemail (and I did and was never called back), but that wasn鈥檛 too big of a deal. We got to the hotel (after a very long trip and flight delay) about 15 minutes AFTER check in time, (which was perfect in my mind because I really wanted to check in and relax). When we got there, they said our room wasn't ready yet because the people who had been in the room previously had requested a late check out. So they proceeded to call housekeeping to have the room cleaned. They said our room would be ready in 15 minutes (is that all it takes to clean a room?); we could have a seat in the lobby or go up to the lounge on the 15th floor and have some coffee. We elected to go up to the lounge and they said they would send someone up with the keys. Well, over half an hour later, we were still waiting, so I asked the concierge in the lounge if they could check to see if our room was ready yet. The answer was, yes, it was almost ready, but we would have to go back downstairs to get our keys because the bellboy was busy. And please keep in mind that we were dragging our luggage around this whole time. And they didn鈥檛 bother to apologize or thank us for waiting. So we finally got into our room. And I am usually a very happy person. I was NOT happy to be moved around back and forth because they failed to plan well鈥hey let someone else stay late and made us wait because of it.I have stayed in many hotels all over SF, and I appreciate and recognize the difficulties that come with antique buildings. I expected thin walls and even though we were on the 11th floor, we were able to hear traffic outside. This was expected. However, I was kind of surprised at the large gap at the bottom of our room door, it allowed quite a bit of light through (making it hard to sleep for me), but can be covered with a towel. The room showed its age, was not cleaned very well, as there were documents from the last guests left in our room. The couch was a lumpy looking nightmare; the cushions didn鈥檛 seem to fit right. They seem to be pretty cheap here. A hotel booking website lists that they have free breakfast, but the 鈥渂reakfast鈥?is actually $4 for 1 glass of orange juice and 2 pastries. Spend your money elsewhere; there are tons of great restaurants in SF. The housekeeping staff left me somewhat puzzled day after day. On some days, we would receive replacement toiletries, some days we wouldn鈥檛. When we got there, there was only 1 bathrobe (for 2 people), but they were nice enough to bring another one at our request. But then on another day, they took both robes and didn鈥檛 replace them. They even gave us a used shampoo on one day. The maid also came in when we had the 鈥渄o not disturb鈥?sign up鈥?She said she thought that we had left. Those were some unusual experiences for me, but I figure they were just oversights..? On a side note regarding housekeeping, I came across a coffee spill in the lobby that wasn鈥檛 cleaned for 2 days鈥?not too sure if they regularly look around and clean鈥?br/>And then 2 days after I checked out, they charged me $1 for a soda I didn鈥檛 drink. When I called to ask about it, I got transferred 3 times and was told, well, it鈥檚 only $1 but she would ask to see IF they could refund it as a 鈥渃ourtesy鈥? I don鈥檛 even drink soda. It鈥檚 not my fault if they miscounted something. I don鈥檛 care about the dollar, but in the travel and hotel industry, I expect a different standard. The parts that made me happy: The concierge (both downstairs and upstairs) were friendly and seemed willing to help. Wi-fi in the room, as well as a computer in the lobby for guest use was nice. This hotel is in a pretty good location, very close to Union Square (but you are in SF; so there will be beggars anywhere you go), the lounge upstairs has some nice views. The lounge also has coffee, tea and hot chocolate all day. This was a small little perk that I really liked, especially considering the cold weather. They also have umbrellas in the room in case it rains. The rooms are a nice size for SF. The safe in the room was big enough for our laptop! New TV鈥檚鈥here are a lot of nice things about this hotel, but they need to tighten some of their employee and organization issues.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>bzers
<Content>Highly recommended- this place is awesome! We did a lot of research on hotels before booking our vacation. I've been to San Francisco several times, but this was my husband's first visit so I wanted him to have a good experience. The Donatello was highly recommended by others on TripAdvisor and other sites, and appeared to be in the location and have the amenities we were looking for. We were EXTREMELY SATISFIED with our stay this March. The property is quiet, clean, all of the staff are friendly (front desk, bell desk, concierage, cleaning staff) and very helpful and the rooms are large (high ceilings) and well appointed. We did not expect the room to be as large as it was, and the king size bed was a welcome sight at the end of each day after a lot of walking. The turn down service was very nice and cleaning staff were super friendly. The mini fridge, micro wave, wet bar and in-room safe (which was free and very easy to use) came in handy. The free in-room wireless was very nice as was the flat screen TV and DVD and CD players.The location is awesome- easy to walk to dining, shopping, cable cars, bus stops, etc. This is a high class place! Nearby are Cafe Mason (good Italian food), coffee shops, a live blues place (Biscuits and Blues), a live jazz restaurant (Les Joulens), Walgreens, etc. Plenty of places to eat, drink, and socialize.Do not be swayed by occassional review comments that make light of the complimentary breakfast. The continental breakfast is fine. No, it's not a free buffet, but includes gourmet coffee, tea, fresh squeezed orange juice and pastries (muffins, scones, crossants, doughnuts) are served on the top floor (Club level) each day. We stayed 8 nights and I'd estimate that about half of the days also had fresh fruit tarts. We thought it was fine. The coffee and tea are available until late in the evening, which we found to be a nice touch.Though this is very minor, one annoying thing was the front desk concierge who asked us several times about attending a presentation about another Shell property (time share) in exchange for a free gift or car rental. It wasn't a big deal, but she asked when we checked in and called the next morning to ask us again. When I declined, she dropped it and did not ask again.The bell desk staff were very helpful in arranging a shuttle back to the airport for us and shipped a package and postcards for us. The concierge also recommended a number of tours for us. Instead of going with the Grayline large bus tours, we actually booked online with Incredible Advertures, which offered a small, 12 person van and pick up service from the hotel. Here is their website: http://www.incadventures.com/. We took two tours- the Yosemite tour and the Muir Woods  Sonoma wine tour. John, our tour guide was excellent and we'd recommend this company to others.The Donatello's super friendly staff were much appreciated. We would DEFINITELY go back, and highly recommend you stay at the Donatello if you'd like a nice, quiet, relaxing stay.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Citprof
<Content>Great stay at the Donatello! I stayed for two nights over the President's Day weekend  just loved the Donatello!! I was there on a RCI exchange. The staff just couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful! The lobby concierge Shari was so great, felt like we were old pals by the time I left. Room was huge! The Club level was really nice to get a cup of tea  it would've been nice to sit outside when the weather was nicer. There was a great little cafe across the street (think it was La Tezza), lots of yummy fresh food, soup was killer! The refrigerator  microwave in the room, along with the kitchen amenities made it easy to skip restaurants. Tip: go to the ferry building  get some wonderful cheese, sourdough,  some wine  have your own little feast.The Donatello has a GREAT location  easy to get to transportation...BUT make sure you buy your Muni pass at the airport, then take the BART in to Montgomery Station  walk straight down Post Street to the hotel, about 5 easy blocks. DON'T get off at Powell Street, especially dragging luggage, crowded, crazy people, and some folks begging. Always go straight down Post to Montgomery/Market, then you can catch the underground Muni to the Embarcadero  the ferry building, or catch the F-Market, the old streetcars that will take you all along Fisherman's Wharf.--although it was an easy walk down Market to the ferry building too. There are taxis right across the street from the Donatello if you need one too, fare was about $6 to the ferry building (I was running late for my Napa tour) and fare was about $9 from the end of fisherman's wharf by the Maritime Museum (my feet just couldn't take anymore walking/standing!) Although do venture down Powell to the beginning of the cable car route, fun way to see different neighborhoods  heck, you have to if you're in San Francisco!! 8-)Tip: Get a Muni pass at the airport, it will be good for the underground Muni, street cars, buses, and even the cable cars.The Underground Muni is not the same as BART, even though they share terminals, BART is the train you can take in from the airport, RT to Montgomery was $10.70My fav. travel book: Dummies Guide to San Francisco, gave me all kinds of great tips!Great tour to Napa: [-] Wonderful guide, Orion  nice ferry ride back (then you can pick up the cheese  sourdough at the ferry building!)  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicoStateMom
<Content>Perfect Location We booked the Donatello because our timeshare company has a portion of rooms there. The location just 2 blocks off Union Square is perfect to wander and sightsee in SF. The room was clean, spacious and well appointed. Some details could have been updated but they were minor. The small kitchenette was nice, frig/microwave/coffemaker and dishware to get us through leftovers or appetizers. The breakfast/lounge area was nice, though we didn't have anything but coffee there. Nice outdoor deck and fireplace, we were the only people using the area. Desk staff was friendly and helpful, the bar upstairs was nice. We didn't try the restaurant. The only downside was our view of the rooftops behind the Donatello. We wished we'd asked for a street view.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aoi
<Content>Good Courteous reception staff - Evita especially welcoming and helpful. Spacious room with kitchenette and good dressing area with ironing board.. Poor lighting in sleeping area. Excellent bed. Quiet. Continental breakfast a complete disapointment - little seating available and the quality of the food poor. Coffee out of a thermos flask not adequate or acceptable. Little effort to satisfy guests in this aspect. Otherwise, a lovely stay in a convenient hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>FLgal8
<Content>Great stay at the Donatello The Donatello is a great hotel right in the middle of things in San Francisco. You can walk to shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel staff was wonderful!! From the valets, to the maids, to the Front Desk staff, we found them to be quite helpful and knowledgeable.The room was quite large and comfortable. There is a great Club Room upstairs with a large fireplace where you can sit and watch TV if you want to get out of your hotel room for a while, but we spent most of our time seeing all the sites around San Francisco. Lots to see there.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kaylaloree
<Content>Pleasantly surprised with the Donatello Well I was celebrating my birthday on the 12th and wanted to find a cheap hotel that was nice enough for 3 females in their 20's. I read the reviews of the Donatello and seemed like it was going to be a decent hotel. Once we arrived parking is 28 dollars but its in and out and valet! Which I really enjoyed. For one night stay we packed a lot of clothes, everyone was so friendly from the moment we got in we were all joking around while checking in. The staff was amazing. The hotel is in a great area, the club Ruby Skye is literally right across the street, its right there by Union Square and Market/Westfield Shopping Centre is right there as well a quick walk. Also i've requested top floor rooms before but no hotel has actually done it and the Donatello put us on the 9th floor out of 14. Way better than any other hotel. Plus the rooms were massive! It was just a King Bed with a pullout sofabed but there was tons of room. Bottom line it was amazing! Stay here! If it is a family even though the club is right there, with the windows closed we really didnt hear people talking or any loud music, of course your occasional horn honking and such but really not to loud.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gnatty
<Content>Great Location, but noisy!!!!! After reading the reviews and looking at photos, I was expecting more. It was ok, but if you have a room over the street, don't expect to get much sleep unless you crank the room's forced-air fan.At 4am there was a noise which sounded like a tractor, and when we were just getting back to sleep, a delivery truck idled noisily which sounded like just under our window- and we were on the 8th floor! We could hear every word the workers said. I went to the window and found out the latch didn't close all the way so I called the front desk, but they didn't seem very interested. The next few nights we turned the fan up and it drowned out most of the noise, but then we ended up with that irritated sinus feeling from all the dry air.The breakfast they offered wasn't worth the money, and their restaurant doesn't open that early, but we ate across the street at another hotel. The rooms were larger than I expected after reading the reviews. They had a kitchenette area which came in handy. The bathrooms were another story. They looked like they hadn't been remodeled since the 80's and the shower area looked like motel 6. I got an excellent rate of 172.33 per night from Travelocity group rate, so I didn't feel like complaining.The lounge area was nice, and they had coffee, tea and muffins set out. The jacuzzi was out of order, but the small gym was ok. The staff was nice enough. We didn't have much contact with them during our stay, but the week before I had called their concierge to ask about fun stuff to do during New Years and he emailed me about 10 pages of suggestions.The location is great for shoppers. Union Square is just down the street, with Macys, HM and of course the mall and all the great shops on Post St. We walked to Chinatown, and it wasn't too far. The Cable cars are close by the mall, but the lines were very long. We did have a great trip all told, but it was because we were with a large family group and well, it was San Francisco at New Years!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>goodtravel
<Content>Good location, passive-agressive service The location is terrific - a block from cable car, 2 blocks from Union Square. The room is well decorated, though noisy and on a small side.Upstairs concierge(s) do not say hello, used the speaker phone to talk to the returns department at Macy's (spare me!), my request for missing newspaper was answered with it'll get here. The breakfast area was tastefully decorated with smelly garbage bags the day after Christmas.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MoneyB
<Content>Great Deal! Best Staff Ever! I'm a DJ and have travelled all over the world doing gigs at various clubs and venues. I was spinning @ Ruby Skye right across the street, so this was a perfect location. In all my travels never have I met a more professional and fun loving staff than at The Donatello. Jesus @ the front desk was entertaining. He and the entire front desk really made me feel welcomed. The bell staff was really on it and always welcomed me back with a smile. I had requested a smoking room and was placed on the 6th floor and I have to say the maid that did my room was a delight and when I needed anything she got it to me right away. In fact she was so sweet that I felt guilty having her service the room. I keep late hours and did not get to try the breakfast that was included but instead went over to Max's right on the corner and to Dottie's a couple of blocks away, both great recommendations. Actually while checkin out I over heard others complaining about the noise from the club across the street and I thought to myself that it was partially my fault, but really who expects peace and quiet when you're in a city with great nightlife! I've read other reviews and to me this place is on the top of my list.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CSNunes
<Content>Very nice Donatello Me and my friends stayed at the Donatello for a week, while at a conference. I must say that we were 4 and they gave us the Presidential Suite, which is great a complete flat, with kitchen, 3 rooms (very good size), 3 bathroom and a lounge. Still for a presidential suite I was expecting more quality. The decoration was old fashion, and that is the lowest point of the room. The rest was superb!The staff was very friendly, the room very clean, the bed very confortable! The view from the windows was great.The location was very good, just next to Union Square and the cable cars. The services was great, they were very helpfull with the bags, the taxis, the bill, the room. The hotel just has a very old fashion decoration and is in need of renovations.The lowest part of the hotel is the breakfast, they say it is included in the price, but it is very poor. Really, just orange juice, coffee and some pastries. There is no milk, no cereais, no fruit no yogurts, no bread ... nothing. And the pastries are just too sweet .... one gets sick after one day. I would prefer for the breakfast not to be included, at least you would go to some nice places down the street and not be feeling like you are paying twice.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Coucoucemoi
<Content>Would be excellent with a decent soundproofing Very spacious room, excellent bedding.All equipment in perfect condition, and everything very clean.My only criticism would be the very noisy traffic even at the 8th floor, I had to sleep with earplugs. In this price range I would expect double-glazed windows which would guarantee a decent soundproofing.The breakfast was OK but nothing amazing considering the price range of the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Puter
<Content>Frequent Donatello Guests We live about an hour and a half from San Francisco and we have season theater tickets. Except for the JW Marriott, the Donatello is our favorite hotel to spend the night. (They are across the street from each other.)We go to hotelres.com and look for the parking and breakfast package, which we can usually get for around $165, or less, depending upon the season and conventions in the city, etc. Since hotels in the city are charging $40 and up for parking we consider it a bargain for the convenience. Granted, the breakfast is only orange juice, coffee and rolls, but it is served in the top floor lounge with three terraces with views and free newspaper and a fireplace. This floor also has a fitness center for guests, if you have time. Besides being a hotel-type accommodation, this is also a kind of resort property with some people owning time share accommodations. I don't know how that works, but it is irrelevant, really, if you are staying there.The rooms average 425 square feet and include a sitting area, a wet bar, with coffee maker, sink, fridge and microwave, and there is electronic equipment like a DVD player, etc.Also granted, if you are in a corner room on Mason and Post, early morning noise can be a problem. We simply ask for a room away from the noise.The hotel is well run, has a good restaurant, and is located a block away from Union Square.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>EbethDallas
<Content>Nice Stay, but be sure and get a deal.       our room  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Henk01
<Content>Great hotel!       sitting area  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>camobscura
<Content>Very pleased My boyfriend and I stayed at the Donatello for two nights back in July and we were quite pleased. We thought we had a good rate to begin with (breakfast  parking included) -but upon checking in we were upgraded to a terrace room. I have to say that it pretty much made our stay. The room opened up to a large  nicely maintained balcony with a great view. Luckily these rooms do not face any of the streets. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. They even left wine and chocolates for us the first night. Again, San Francisco is amazing but our trip was made even better being able to stay in such a pleasant hotel. We would definitely reccommend the Donatello.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>emma027
<Content>Great Hotel in a perfect location We stayed at the Donatello for the first two nights out our holiday inCalifornia. The location was great; a two minute walk from Union Square. We were on the fifth floor, our room was clean, comfortable and very large. The little kitchen and sitting area was a nice touch.All was well until we tried to get to sleep, the constant noise from the car rental company next door was unbearable, they were shouting and banging all night, with no regard for anyone trying to sleep! It was so bad that my partner went down to reception to ask that we be moved, they couldn鈥檛 do anything immediately but they promised to moveus in the morning, which was they did. This was a real shame and not exactly the hotels fault as it is out oftheir control, but still very frustrating when you have just had a 10 hour flight from the UK. The staff were all really helpful and friendly and we would definitelystop at the hotel again, with a request to not overlook the car rentalplace of course!San Francisco itself is wonderful and we would definitely want to return in the future.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dedicated-doctor
<Content>excellent choice I came to san francisco in october for a conference at the moscone center and I stayed at the donatello for one night. I was pleasantly surprised. I have read excellent review about the hotel and they are all true. The rooms are large, very clean, recently renovated. Bed very confortable, bathroom very clean. The staff is very nice and proffesional. There is also breakfast served, but only few pastries ( all sweet) and coffee and orange juice. There is place for some improvement in that area.Location is excellent, near the Union Square where all the shops and transportaion is convenienly located.The only disadvantage was the noise, as already discussed upon. We were on the 12th floor but facing the main street ( the hotel is located on the corner, so it is facing 2 streets) . We had just arrived from an overseas flight and we had a 10 hour time difference, so I woke up at 2 am and couold not sleep for about 1 1/2 hours because of the noise ( some garbage trucks??). So I guess if your room faces the back or you do not have a jet lag, this will not be a problem.Definitely excellent value for the money. I also stayed at a hotel twice the price but closer to the moscone convention center and that choice was not worth the money!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AngelikaPickles
<Content>Nice hotel, great location My husband and I stayed in the Donatello for four nights during our honeymoon trip to California. When we arrived in our room, the staff had left complimentary champagne and chocolates in our room!We stayed in a room at the back of the hotel on the tenth floor. We had a king bed and a seating area with a sofa and armchair. The room had a very large TV and a hifi. The bathroom was small but had everything necessary. There was also a little bar/utility area near the bathroom with a microwave, coffee maker, sink, iron, safe etc. The room was fairly small but clean and had everything we needed.Our rate included a contintental breakfast served in the Club Lounge on the top floor. The breakfast consisted of donuts, coffee and orange juice. We went elsewhere for breakfast a couple of mornings. The concierge who registered us for the club lounge on the first day was a little annoying and rude on one occasion. Another concierge who was on duty on our first night was very pleasant and recommended a great nail salon nearby.The hotel location was great, just a block from Union Square and the Powell-Hyde cable car line. The front desk staff and the bellmen were very pleasant. The WiFi in the hotel did not work well with our MacBook - we had to download Firefox to get it to work - something to bear in mind for Mac users if internet access is important to you. Also, once we did manage to get it to work, it was very slow, by far the slowest we came across during our trip.Overall, we would recommend the Donatello for its great location.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	2	2	

<Author>marco34
<Content>Nice hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel during our visit to San Francisco for our 5th wedding anniversary. The rooms are quite sizeable  cleanfor San Francisco and full of great amenities. The rooms include a fridge, microwave, wet bar sink, and toaster. A coffeemaker is standard as well. The front desk, bellhop, and housekeeping staff arevery well trained, friendly and have great customer service. The location of the hotel is ideal for shopping, sightseeing and tends tododge landing straight in the middle of all the tourists. A plus in my opinion. Given the prime downtown location the rooms are also pretty quiet. A bit of street noise heard occasionally but nothing overwhelming. The only thing that seemed a bit off and didn't quite seem to blend with the friendly personality of the rest of the staff was the concierge. The concierge seemed friendly until we didn't wantto go to their Napa time share property presentation. I found this tobe a bit standoffish and kind of goes against the friendly nature of the rest of the staff. Just an observation. Otherwise, our stay was fantastic and we will definetly stay at the Donatello during future visits to San Francisco. A great 4 star ranked hotel with 3 star rates!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mochadog
<Content>They claimed someone canceled our rooms Last year, 10/06, a group of us stayed at the Donatello. The rooms were dated, but clean - great price and location to Union Square was perfect. The purpose of the group staying there was to run the Nike Womens Marathon - a marathon benefiting Leukemia and Lymphoma. The start line is in Union Square so location was key.We booked rooms (4) again for this years Marathon. We booked back in March. We got so detailed we even had the room numbers of each room with our confirmation.We called to make a minor adjustment to our reservation 2 days prior to our arrival and we were told someone had called and canceled our rooms. They were able to give us a date of cancellation, but no name. They basically said we are out of luck because the hotel was full - end of story.Now our group is out of rooms and would have to pay triple or even quadruple the price to get a replacement room. Management and the concierge at the Donatello didn't offer to help us find alternate places to stay or even make any offers to help resolve their claimed cancellation I am very upset and disappointed. I feel completely ripped off and betrayed.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puppetshow
<Content>Huge Nice Room We were pleasantly surprised when we entered our room and found it to be huge, clean and modern. The staff was pleasant and the hotel was conveniently located. The only complaint I would have (as others have mentioned) is the sparse continental breakfast. However, this wasn't a big deal for my wife and me since we usually have a small breakfast. We really enjoyed the lounge area and the nightly entertainment.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>prasenberg
<Content>Fine hotel near Union Square       Room.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Caring_Bear
<Content>Amazing Value Great location, great value.We stay in SF quite a bit, and these are the largest standard rooms we've come across, especially for the price. Fairly good ventilation also, which is not alsways easy to find in SF.The location is awesome, less than 2 blocks to Union Square.If you need a car rental Hertz is right next door. Dollar and Enterprise are 2 blocks away. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ravens4ever
<Content>Great Value for SF/Union Square The Donatello is a great value for Union Square. The room was large, clean and comfortable. So overall, it was a good value for the rate (we only paid 119 a night for the weekend of Fleet Week). Keep in mind that due to the location, it is extremely noisy (car alarms in the middle of night, people on the street at all hours, numerous garbage trucks early in the AM). If you are a light sleeper, look elsewhere. Also we were a little disappointed that the brand new, wide screen TV in our room could not get a signal (although to their credit someone from maintenance did try to fix it at 9:30 PM on a Saturday night). There is also a 鈥渃ontinental breakfast鈥?offered, but that is nothing more than a couple of muffins and donuts. The front desk staff and bellmen were very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sunrise11
<Content>Decent stay for a decent price Very nice  clean room centrally located at a decent price. It wasn't anything luxurious but the parking package we got made it a good deal. It was clean and relatively newly renovated. For what we paid and for the time we actually spent in the room, I felt good about the value we were getting. No real complaints about this place and would definitely recommend it for anybody looking for a good base place while touring San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>misstvlgirl
<Content>Excellent Value! This hotel was an excellent value. Rooms were modern, clean and the bed was very comfortable. We lucked out and received a room on corner of building so we had windows all around which made it very airy (we opened windows) and bright. Location was excellent and it was so easy to get anywhere we wanted to go. Staff was professional and courteous. Again, for this price WOW what a location! I would definitely stay again and I would recommend to a friend.My very only complaint (and this is intended more for hotel management than for viewer) was a rude bellmen. Only one of our two rooms were ready and Rolando was so nice helping us get our luggage to the first room, we asked if we could keep the cart for a little while longer until the second room was ready and he agreed just asking us to call down when we finished with it so that he could come and get it. We left the hotel for the rest of the afternoon but when we returned early evening I called down to let the new bellman (Rolando was no longer working) know we had finished with the cart so they could pick it up. He was extremely rude and asked me to bring it down myself. Sorry ... ticked me off a ton.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>SailChicago
<Content>OK hotel - Bad Experience We booked our stay at the Donatello Hotel based on Trip Advisor member recommendations. The Donatello is a clean property, located is a fairly good area within one block of Union Square and the Powell-Hyde Cable Car line.We were offered an upgrade to a Terrace Room, but were not informed by the front desk that a Terrace Room has no air conditioning! When I raised the issue the next morning that the air conditioning didn't work (nothing in the room indicated that), I was greeted with somewhat of a response of duh!! you were in a Terrace Room!...and a Terrace Room has no air conditioning! In addition, we had a service tech up to our room twice because we could get no hot water in the shower. He said he did not have the replacement part, and he could only take it apart and have it scalding hot or cold. So we had cold water ..and I mean cold water for showers. In addition, the television was barely visible with snowy reception. When we went to the Club Level for continental breakfast after being told the restaurant does not serve breakfast, we found the continental breakfast consisted of donuts, orange juice, and coffee. No cereal, no yogurt, no fruit. When I reaised the issue of lousy TV reception, no air condinotioning, and cold water at the front desk at check-out, I was still charged full price, and told they would have the manager call or email me the same day. I am still waiting for a call or email two days later.On the positive side, our hot room was clean and fairly spacious.My recommendation: don't stay at the Donatello if it is a special occasion or you are planning a nice weekend in San Francisco.. If you are looking for a no frills, clean, basic hotel with unresponsive customer service if something goes wrong, then the Donatello may meet your expectations...but it certainly did not meet mine, and I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Portia1972
<Content>A great start, great staff, overall good We tayed there for 3 nights. The rooms are spacious and the staff there are very friendly and helpful. It is a block away from Union Square and its very easy to walk to the train and other locations. Not much of a breakfast, but otherwise clean, comfy and affordable. Good cafes and malls close by, so overall it was very convinient. It was safe to walk late at night there and had no issues.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>kikisette
<Content>Donatello, great for honeymooners!       Aww...pretty bridge!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>BoppUK
<Content>Spacious rooms in Great Location Just returned from a Fortnight travelling around California. The Donatello was our first hotel of the trip. What a great way to start! Our room was really spacious, light  airy and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The breakfast was a simple affair, but the pastries and coffees in the relaxing rooftop room were greatly appreciated. The greatest advantage of The Donatello is the superb location, literally one block from Union Square and the cable cars makes it a good base for exploring the city. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travelers1008
<Content>Excellent hotel with spacious rooms and great location!! We stayed at the Donatello for 2 nights in September. I booked our room through Ratestogo.com and got a rate of $129 per night. We stay in SF alot and have paid double for a room with half the size and customer service many times. The room was huge by SF standards! It had a king bed, sofa, chair, table, TV, little fridge, wet bar, and microwave area, and had room to spare. The colors were interesting in blue and orange, but overall, very comfortable and spacious. We were on the 7th floor and could hear some street noise, but it didn't bother us. The customer service was friendly upon check in and out. The valet was prompt ($24 a day) and the concierge was helpful. We ordered room service one night from their Italian restraunt and it was very good and quick. The location was perfect. About a 5 minute walk to Union Square. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lesliegb
<Content>First Rate Experience We booked this hotel for our honeymoon based on ratings at TripAdvisor. I thought the price was very fair compared to other hotels in a similar location. Our room was beautiful -- a nice corner room -- very spacious, clean, with very comfortable bed, as well as nice entertainment center and bar area. Given the location, the room was very quiet and confortable.The most wonderful thing about our stay was the staff -- they could not have been nicer or more helpful. The sent up complimentary champagne and chocolates when they found out we were on our honeymoon. And the last day we were there, I got sick with an infection, and they were gracious enough to allow us to check out late in the afternoon without charging more money and inquired about my health when we checked out. It's a fabulous location, a very nice room and great customer service. We will definitely stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>highm
<Content>Fantastic experience. We just returned from a 5 night stay in San Francisco at the Donatello Hotel. It was absolutely wonderful. The location is superb. Very convenient to Union Square and the cable cars, buses, etc. You would never need to leave the area for anything. The hotel itself was superb. The staff was more than accommodating. The rooms were spacious and the bed was terriffic. Free wireless internet. The continental breakfast was fabulous, whether you were charged or not. Some reservations include it, some do not. Overall, this hotel was an excellent experience. It was quiet and everything was at the hotel or the area that you needed. You can't go wrong with the Donatello!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Places
<Content>Nice hotel       Our room in Donatello Hotel, San Francisco  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>HP33
<Content>Loved it! Great Hotel!! Loved the location and the rooms. It is in Union Square which is great for shopping, nightlife and trolly tours. The bed was amazingly confortable and the room was well decorated. The staff was wonderful as well. I will be back!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guitarringer
<Content>Great Value and Location This was our first time to San Francisco and we took advice to stay in Union Square and so after searching for places to stay we chose the Donatello based on price and convenience. We're really glad we did because everything was great and the rooms were really large. There was wireless internet in our room which was nice and a couch and desk to sit at on your computer. The room was showing a little age but it was not bad and the room appeared to be very clean. The only negative thing about the room was the outside noise. We stayed on the 10th floor in a corner room and you could hear people outside all night. That is probably the same though at most any hotel you stay at, but was probably worse because we were facing the front and on the corner. I did bring earplugs and that helped. The location is great because you are 1-2 blocks away from the cable cars and rental car places are very near the Donatello. Shopping and eating are very convenient also.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>EnigmaGirl
<Content>Great time at The Donatello We just returned from a great trip to San Francisco where we stayed at The Donatello in Union Square. The hotel is clean and the front desk people are great - very accomodating. Sarah the concierge was wonderful! The hotel's location is fabulous, just steps from everything you'd want to do. Great restaurants, shopping, etc. and San Fran is very walker friendly. We covered most of the city on foot and only opted for public transportation a few times.The rooms were spacious and the housekeeping service was prompt and thorough. We were in the Club Donatello part since we did it through a timeshare thing but I can only assume that the rest of the rooms were as nice as ours.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>edna2007
<Content>Great hotel in a fantastic location Our three night stay at the Donatello was great. The rooms were large, comfortable and clean. The people behind the desk were helpful and informative. The location is great....we walked all over...to the whalf (around 40minutes), China Town (5 minutes), Italian District,(15-20 minutes), Union Square,(one minute) etc. Also near public transportation for those who rather ride. We would go back to the Donatello. The breakfast was not the greatest though...they provided different danishes or donuts with coffee and juice. We would have preferred more options with our continental breakfast...  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvhouses
<Content>Loved the Donatello I did alot of research about the downtown area and friends told me about the Union Square area. We didn't want to pay $300 per night for a room and found this gem online! GREAT roomy rooms, awesome staff and perfect location were just perfect. This is one block off the main square so it was perfect for hopping on the cable cars to go to the wharf. Rate included breakfast (not that great, just doughnuts/coffee and OJ) and parking. That saved us so much money! Check online for booking as we got great rates!!Ask for a high floor not facing the street to keep noise to a minimum! I would highly recommend this hote to anyone!Go to the Wharf and take the Alcatraz Tour! It was great!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCtripster
<Content>Great value As we are accustomed to East Coast hotel prices, we were suspicious that somehow the $111 per night deal we got through Venere.com would not be honored by the hotel, considering the quality of this hotel. You can hardly get a bed in a shared room at the YMCA in Manhattan for that price. However, we were charged exactly the price I had reserved online, and the quality of our room and the hotel were great. The front desk people were also extremely friendly and professional, a lot more so than at most hotels we have been to. The decor is nice, the bed is comfortable, and having a microwave, fridge, sink, cups and other kitechen supplies was very convenient. The closet is also quite large for a hotel room. Also, the turn down service, including chocolates, is a very nice touch for such an affordable hotel. The location of the Donatello, as many other guests have said, is pretty good. Close to the Market Street Bart stop, cable car, and various buses, which we all used, and it's very easy to catch a cab right next to the hotel, which we also did. There's great shopping nearby, as well as Walgreen's and other convenience stores/delis, and a pretty good 24-hour diner about a block or two away (down the street parallel to Market Street.) I do have a few gripes, though. For instance, I called the Donatello a few days before our stay to make sure they had our reservation, and I asked them at that time if they thought we'd be able to check in at about noon, which is when we expected to arrive at the hotel. The man I spoke with indicated with confidence that this should not be a problem at all. However, when we got there, around noon, there were no clean rooms available. It was a little hard on us to walk around town for a couple hours, having been up since about 3 am DC time. That said, they did tell us we could sit in the club room upstairs if we wanted, and also, they took my cell phone number and called me at around 2 pm, I think, to let me know our room was available. They had let us leave our luggage, and the bellboy brought our suitcases up immediately after we arrived at our room.Another gripe- there was a lot of car-horn honking every night, all night, and a lot of noise from people on the streets below. I think the car lot just below our window belonged to Hertz, but I'm not sure about that. We are quite used to urban noise, and still found the noises hard to get used to. Also, we didn't have any view to speak of- just that car lot and the backs and tops of some nearby buildings.And one final gripe, although we did really like this hotel- when we checked in, there was one hotel staff member who tried to get us to go on some kind of free tour, with some kind of nice breakfast, which requires that you endure some kind of pitch for a timeshare, or something like that. I didn't listen too attentively, as we already had our own plans, but I find that kind of thing very annoying. I think they give that spiel to every guest.Anyway, despite a few gripes, we were very pleased with the Donatello, and we would definitely stay there again, as long as the price stays in an affordable range.One more thing- there's a nice place for a dessert, breakfast or light meal about a block or two from the hotel on Post Street (away from Market Street). I forgot the name, but they have all kinds of crepes, and my boyfriend had a yummy crepe with Nutella.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oski_Bear_DC
<Content>A great deal in downtown SF I was skeptical. A downtown San Francisco room rate, including parking, for $145. Was this going to be a deal or a dive.It was a fantastic deal. With nearby Union Square five star hotels towering over us, I was pleasantly surprised that the Donatello Hotel has its own underground parking garage (enter on Post St.). This equates to fast valet service. With parking rates up to $50 at downtown hotels, I was happy to get a rate that included parking (basic room rate was $125).The location one block from Union Square and from the theaters was good. I selected the Donatello over other high-rated boutique hotels because of the famous San Francisco hills. If you are an active mountain hiker, this criteria won't enter into your decision making.Front desk staff was efficient and professional. Concierge (lobby and club level) was friendly and helpful. Club level on the 15th floor was for guests only had the continental breakfast plus coffee/tea all day. Club level has a patio and the gym.The room was medium size with a hotel-quality king bed, end tables, amoire with 27 TV, VCR, and mini-stereo, sofabed, coffee table, desk, and a shelving unit for the refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, wet bar, glasses, dishes, and silverware. These amenties make sense since the Donatello is also a timeshare hotel. The furniture/decor was all coordinated. The furniture had a nice, contemporary natural wood finish. All electronics had separate remote controls. The mini-stereo was appreciated for playing music. Evening turndown service is provided.The bathroom was on par for a four star hotel, though not exceptional. A hotel bathrobe was hanging ready for use in the bathroom. The lighted dressing area in front of the bathroom was flanked by the closet and a dresser matching the room furniture. A high-mounted electrical receptacle next to the dresser was handy for charging the cell phone. The closet had a room safe sized for a laptop.A few minor quibbles. The bed and linens are very good for the room rate (e.g. Marriott, Crown Plaza), but not up to the same quality as the rest of the room. The latch for the sliding door to the terrace was sometimes difficult to latch/unlatch. I am accustomed to urban noise, but if you are not, beeping car horns may be disquieting.We did not try the restaurant since we dinner plans for our wedding anniversary.Tips: (1) request a room not facing Mason street, it will be somewhat quieter, (2) request a 5th floor terrace room if you like a little sun and want to view the urbanscape, (3) downtown is safe for walking about in the evening, much better than 10-15 years ago, (4) lower level Food Emporium in the Westfield's San Francisco Shopping Centre (old The Emporium building for you old timers) is a worthy low cost lunch/dinner alternativeOverall, TripAdvisor travelers came through again. The Donatello is a winner. I was very pleased with the stay. Twice in the elevator I encountered very satisfied repeat guests with strong endorsements for the Donatello's fantastic combination of luxury and value.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lessalt
<Content>Donatello always good with exceptional staff We always stay at the Donatello when we can get away to San Francisco. The staff are always so pleasant, friendly and helpful. Parking is right on the premises unlike some other small downtown hotels. Sometimes they have specials where they include the parking. Again, this is something to inquire about when booking a Union Square hotel. The location is excellent, one block from Union Square. The rooms are quite spacious, usually with extra furniture for relaxing or guests. There is a microwave, small refrig. and a small cup coffee maker in the room. I also appreciate the fact that they have real wine glasses and pottery mugs. On the top floor is the clubhouse where you can get coffee, orange juice, and breakfast pastries in the morning. Also provided there are free local papers and brochures regarding tourist attractions. I will admit the Donatello's rooms and public spaces could use some updating. However, it's clean and comfortable. I've stayed at the Westin St. Francis one block over for twice the price, plus had to pay an additional $40 per night for parking. Their rooms are also dated and once the sheets were so worn I put my foot right through. I'll pass on the Westin and continue to use the Donatello.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrequentTraveler26
<Content>Great Location I stayed here for only one night, but will be staying here on my next trip to San Francisco. The staff was very friendly. Chuck the concierge was very knowledgable on the area and can help with setting up wine tours, restaurant reservations and more. He actually recommended a great chinese restaurant that delivers ( Was too tired from walking around all day). No need to rent a car. Fisherman's Wharf is only a $10 cab ride (actually $9.40 to and $8.40 back). Union Sq. is 1 block away, China Town 5 blocks. Also take advantage of the daily happy hour at the bar. My girl and I had 6 beers and 2 appetizers for less that $40 with tip.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bigamm
<Content>A Great Hotel!! I can't say enough wonderful things about this fabulous hotel. We are Shell Vacation club members and booked our stay through their reservation service. The hotel is one or two blocks away from everything: Union Square, cable cars, public transit, shopping, fine dining and family restaurants, We had a car and used their valet service. We never waited more than a few minutes for our car and everyone was helpful with directions. My husband, our 17-year old daughter and I were very comfortable in our large room with king-sized bed and pull out queen sofa. The staff were the best, from the reception desk to the concierge and bell service. Free coffee, tea and hot chocalate were much appreciated in the top-level lounge, along with the wonderful view! We will absolutely return to the Donatello on our next trip West.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>m_wartick
<Content>Great stay 1 big downfall The donatello was a great hotel right in the heart of San Francisco, just a block from Union square, and 3 blocks from the very busy Powell street public transportation stop that includes BART, Muni, Cabel Cable Cars, and the F-line stop. The hotel is a small boutique with the service of a 4 star hotel. My wife and I were traveling on our honeymoon, and when I made our reservation, I informed the staff of this. Upon our arrival, our room included a bottle of Champagne, a box of chocolates, and a hand written note congradulating us. The rooms are HUGE compared to other rooms in downtown St. Louis. They include a huge bed, sitting area with a pull-out couch, microwave and mini fridge, along with dishes and a wet bar. The bathroom was a normal hotel bathroom. IF YOU STAY HERE, be sure to request a room on the 5th FLOOR WITH A PATIO. half of the rooms on the 5th floor open up on to a semi private patio with a table and chairs. There is no extra charge and they are more than willing to accomadate if you ask. These rooms are also a little bigger than others. The patio was a nice touch. The staff was very friendly and helped us get around the city. The one BIG downfall was the breakfast. Breakfast was a pastry and a glass of orange juice and it cost $4 per person (IT WASNT EVEN INCLUDED IN THE HOTEL PRICE). That's a big negative, but it is not enough to ruin this great hotel with great rooms and wonderful service.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jvnj
<Content>Only bad thing was the low showerhead Stayed 5 nights over 4th of July weekend on vacation. Great location! Friendly staff. Big clean rooms. The only possible negative point was that the shower heads were about 5 ft. high. But even that is stretching. I highly recommend this hotel. Would definitely stay here again when I visit SF.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PDXDon
<Content>Great Value, but Some Problems To begin, I thought The Donatello was an excellent value. The room was huge and nicely appointed.However, it was clear that the hotel (at least our room) had seen better days. The mattress was well past the point of needing replacement. While most of the room was nice and clean, the tub was quite grimy and looked like it hadn't been scrubbed in some time. Also, something seemed to be wrong with the plumbing because the shower made a terrible racket. Attention to detail was lacking.At check-in, the staff was helpful and friendly. However, when we returned from a late night on the town, nobody was at the desk. When somebody finally emerged, they looked like they had just woken up. We asked about anywhere to get a late bite to eat, and the response wasn't very helpful. There's a Jack N' the Box around the corner. Thanks. I guess. When we returned from our unsuccessful attempt to get late night food (the area felt kind of sketchy late at night, so we gave up quickly), the desk clerk was again absent. We were able to walk through the lobby and go up the elevator without seeing anyone! Very poor security.In summary, The Donatello was a great value and might be worth checking out if you want a big room and a relatively nice environment. That being said, however, I think we will check out some other options next time we are in SF.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>adzonni
<Content>Excellent Digs Wow-just got back from San. Fran. The Donatello is casual chic-great digs for the bucks! Helpful staff, great location, rooms are loaded! No problems here-it's all good! Enjoy your stay! :- )  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WVU98grad
<Content>Very nice reasonable hotel I was in San Fran on Business and stayed at The Westin St. Francis for 4 days. Then I moved to the Donatello to save some money for an extended vacation. All I have to Say is that the Donatello had much larger rooms and more accomidating than the St. Francis. The locations is GREAT, rooms are a bit older but VERY nice, large, includes a kitchennette, hot tub on top floor, and staff is always friendly. I didn't eat at the hotel but the bar was nice. Plus if youneed to rent a car for a napa vacation, 3 or 4 rental companies are within walking distance. Overall, I have stayed in San Fran at least a dozen times over the last 10 years and this is the best value for the dollar.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jMarS
<Content>Great Location, comfortable room My partner and I stayed at the Donatello from 6th to 10th June. The very best thing about the hotel is the location. I would stay there again for that reason alone. It was about a minute's walk from Union Square which is where we spent most of our time. It was a short walk from the BART and the Cable Car which made it easy to get to other areas of the city. The room was large and comfortable, the bathroom was clean and fairly spacious and I can't really think of anything negative. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and curtious and the Concierge was always helpful. The only minor gripe I can think of is that the internet kiosk didn't work. which was a little inconvenient but as we were in such a good location it was fairly easy to find an internet cafe. Also, we were told on arrival that breakfast was included in our rate but when we went up to the top floor for breakfast on our first day we found that it was just a selection of cakes, doughnuts or pastries. I think you could ask for fruit but it didn't look very appetising. Other than that this hotel is worth staying at as it was good value for money and in an excellent location.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	-1	5	4	1	

<Author>kiwibear
<Content>Unacclaimed Luxury Great,quiet room which was large, fabulous facilities and for San Fran it was really good to have a room upstairs where you could have coffee, teas and pastries from 8am, as well as jacussi and sauna.The hotel is central to the shopping area which pleased me though not my children! We walked to Chinatown on the first night, to museums on the next day then on to hiring bikes to cycle over the the GG bridge.Great choice of restaurants nearby as well as cable cars, taxis and rental cars.After a hard day enjoying the sites it was really good to go up to the gym and sauna / jacussi followed by a shower with room to sit and powder my nose in peace- before returning to my family! After six weeks of being together this was important!The staff were great, both friendly and helpful and on our return let us leave our bags, have a cuppa and then they organised a limo to take us to the airport.We were going to stay down at fishermans wharf and we are really glad we didnt as it is miles away from all I have mentioned!It is also full of touristy shops (seen one seen them all) although the clam chowder is still the best!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rowandog
<Content>Genuinely impressed! We wanted a little getaway in the city while visiting relatives on the Peninsula and the Donatello looked like a decent bet. Knowing that parking can really jack up a hotel stay, I found a parking included package and booked our one night. We spent the day roaming around and hit the hotel about 4 pm. The valet parking was swift, the check in and out accurate and also quick. Our room was a king size on the 6th floor. Very nice sized room and especially so for SF. It contained a coffee maker, microwave and small fridge and what's more, kitchen ware for same. It had wine glasses and a cork puller (which was nice since we just happened to have a lovely bottle of wine) and flatware (not needed but appreciated).Easy walking to Union Square and a short drive to the Tadich Grill.We've stayed in SF several times but this is the only hotel I would really be interested in returning to. There was a small breakfast included but we were more interested in hitting the Cliff House for brunch so we skipped it. We did get some good coffee at the Donatello before we left.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiwinz_7
<Content>loved the Donatello My husband and I stayed 5 nights at The Donatello at the end of May. What a great hotel that exceeded our expectations. It was in a great location handy to Union Square, Market street and Powell St Cable Cars. The room was so spacious. Very comfortable bed. I loved the coffee maker in our room beautiful coffee on demand. It had a microwave and fridge plus crockery if you were inclined to eat in. Breakfasts were a bit of a letdown as all you could eat were sweet pastries but there was certainly a variety to choose from. Club lounge where breakfast was served was very nice. Club concierge were very happy to help with directions and also reccommend sights. Looked forward to the chocolate beside the bed every night!If we were to find ourselves in San Francisco again I would most certainly be booking in.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CincyOH
<Content>A delight! This is a great hotel! Very clean, large room, EXTREMELY friendly and helpful staff. Is in the heart of it all in Union Square just a block from the cable cars and a few blocks from great shopping. Being in the heart of it all does make for a little more street noise than usual but nothing dramatic. Good continental breakfast of pastries and coffees in the rooftop club room. We had a great rate including parking and breakfast from hotelres.com. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J&JWOxfordshire
<Content>Good hotel at reasonable price for central San Fancisco The Donatello is a very pleasant hotel located right off Union Square in San Francisco. We found the service to be very good, the room simple but reasonably well appointed. Check in was great, they who we were and we got checked-in in about 1 minute flat. The rooms are pretty big (we had a double aspect corner room on 6th floor on the Corner of Mason and Post St, I think). They have all facilities (including basic kitchen facilities), and a sofa, safe, free wifi, etc.The bathroom in our room was a bit basic - the decor was not brilliant but it was useable and pretty clean.Being in a city centre it was not a quiet place to stay, there were sirens, people partying (out on the street) and trucks and vehicles all night - the windows were not very well soundproofed at all and our sleep was occasionally disturbed a bit by this.Overall though, definitely good value and we would probably stay again (might check and see if they have any quieter rooms first). Check-out was as quick and easy as check-in.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SylvesterMontreal
<Content>What a great surprise! We were not sure what to expect. But what a pleasant surprise it was. Centrally located, great service, great room (with a free upgrade!). We could not ask for a better choice.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diaz21
<Content>Very Nice Accomodations This was a nice hotel and it has parking inside, a major plus to stay in the city. It is right across from a dance club and next door to a blue bar (Biscuits and Blues). The rooms are very clean with European Queen sized beds. I will definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>marie125
<Content>Loved The Donatello Great location, nice room, but the best part was the staff. Everyone was extremely helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay here again when coming to San Francisco!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TimIL747
<Content>Clean and large rooms, nice decor, and good location. noisy though! Got a great rate on rooms at the Donatello when in town for a conference. The rooms are large, clean, and decorated nicely. Bed was great and there is even free wireless internet.My only complaint is every morning I could not sleep past 8 AM because there was always car noise from the street. Lots of horns honking that were impossible to sleep through. Other than that, great hotel that I would consider staying at again. Just try to get a room that is away from the street noise. (not sure if possible)  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>liltarap55
<Content>This place should be 5 stars! My husband and I stayed 1 night here at this hotel on Saturday, May 3, and I wish I would have had at least 5 more! After reading the awesome reviews on Trip Advisor, I was able to secure a room through their website for $139/night with valet parking included! Very reasonable. We drove up Saturday morning from Monterey, CA to see Spiderman 3 on the IMAX at the Metreon and to go to the nightclub Ruby Skye. We couln't have picked a better location. Period. Upon our arrival, the bellhop was curteous and very patient as I unloaded ALL the crap I had brought for my 1 night stay (you know how many shoes women like to bring!). Mark, the front desk man, was extremely nice. When I entered our hotel room, I was astonished at the size of the room! If you've visited San Francisco, then you are aware that most normal hotel rooms are pretty tiny. This room had to be around 400 sq. feet! It was very modernly designed and the comforter on the bed was one of the softest I have slept under. We hadn't been in our room more than 10 minutes when there was a knock at the door and the maid was there to give us our complimentary bath robes. The concierge also called to say she was sorry she had missed us when we checked in, and to come down for our free maps of San Francisco (which had an AWESOME map of all the shopping places). Talk about great service! I've visited 5 star hotels and not been paid attention to this much. They have a jacuzzi, and men/women dry saunas as well as a fitness club. I didn't get a chance to visit their restaurant Zingari, but it looked very nice.The biggest WOW for me was when my husband and I opened the curtains to check out our view and TADA! Ruby Skye was DIRECTLY in front of us. We could literally CRAWL home from the club if we needed to. ;) So instead of showing up at the club at 10pm to avoid the line, and then waiting until 1am for the headlining DJ to come on, we were able to drink our alcoholic beverages in our room and peek out the window every 15 minutes or so to make sure the line wasn't getting too long. It was so great! For all you Ruby Skye visitors, we were in room 601. The Donatello is located right in the heart of Union Square and we didn't have to walk for more than 5 minutes to get to all the shopping. I think I have found the hotel that I will stay at almost every time I want to visit San Fran. We were just so surprised and SO pleased. You rock Donatello. Plain and simple.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcbo111
<Content>Perfect stay Excellent Hotel. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Rooms werequite large. Booked through RCI. The hotel is centrally located that you can walk to most everything. I read many TA reviews and these were right on. Only thing I would stay away from is the hotel restaurant, Zingari. Awful, service in particular. My understanding is the hotel and restaurant are managed seperately, which is quite obvious with how we were treat at the hotel versus the restaurant. I would stay here again in a heart beat.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NMTaosena
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed here for four nights, from 4/11 - 4/15, and we could not have been happier. This was our fourth trip to San Francisco, and our fourth hotel. The room was large and nicely decorated, bathroom was fine. The entire staff - front desk, bell captain, and especially the concierges Peter  Chuck were friendly, professional and helpful. Two small points of disappointment: There is a nightclub just down the street, and the noise bothered my husband, but not me. Just bring some earplugs if you're really sensitive. The continental breakfast can definitely be skipped, but there is a crepe house half a block away with a wonderful breakfast, or other places within 2 blocks.The restaurant next to the hotel - Postrio - is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant. It's pretty pricey, but the food was incredible beyond belief. Also liked the Daily Grill, a block and a half away - an old fashioned steak  chop house. Fun  good  medium priced.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hanapepe
<Content>Donatello Hotel This hotel is a bargain. I would definitelygo back. The staff, decor, amenities, room, cleanliness and facities were on par with any of the 4-5 star hotels I have stayed in on many trips to this city. The location is near Union Square.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OSUTwoOne
<Content>Excellent experience! First two nights of our honeymoon stay were at this surprisingly exceptional hotel in downtown San Francisco near Union Square. Upon our arrival, the front desk affirmed that it was our honeymoon (we had mentioned this on the phone months ago in making our reservation). Wonderful complimentary champagne and chocolates were immediately sent to our room, along with a congrats card - a very nice and unexpected beginning of our stay.The room itself was fabulous, VERY spacious, clean, and modern. My wife loved the decorating (much of it done in the colors of our undergrad school). The bathroom, small kitchenette, and closet were all very clean and nicely sized. The view left a lot to be desired, although we did understand that exceptional views of the city would be hard to come by in downtown SF, so no complaints there. Bed and linens were very soft, and we enjoyed the turndown service and arriving back to the hotel after our activities.Location of the hotel couldn't be beat. Only two blocks away from the hustling busyness of Union Square and its myriad of shops, restaurants, and malls. The hotel itself, is slightly set away from this conglomeration, so it was actually quieter than we initially anticipated. Also, only several blocks away is the SF cable car route, which we caught several rides on throughout our stay - truly enjoyable!Only one minor hiccup in our long, weekend stay. The concierge wasn't entirely helpful in giving us advice on things to do, places to eat or see. We informed that this was our first time to SF together, and essentially gave him a few expectations of what we would like. In return, it seemed as though we received a lot of canned responses or pieces of paper/brochures shoved our way. After nearly 10 minutes, we gave up and just set out to explore on our own. Nice enough guy, but we felt as though the overall helpfulness was lacking.All in all, a truly great experience and nice little secret in the heart of SF. Great location, amenities, and personal touch!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Kansastravelers4
<Content>Donatello is a good value We spent one night at the Donatello during a week stay in the Bay area, including several nights at the nearby Monaco and also Napa Valley. The Donatello is in a good location with nice sized rooms and a good value. Although the Donatello lacked the personality of the Monaco, it was about $100 per night cheaper.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>southlake
<Content>understated 'gem' I celebrated my special birthday this past Dec with hubby in San Francisco, where we had visited about 7 yrs ago for 3 days. My timeshare offered The Donatello for a wk. Thanks to TA forums and members for helping me to choose this hotel.....it was fabulous! The location couldn't have been better for our sightseeing requirements. Because it is just down the street from Union Sq, we were able to walk almost anywhere, including down to Fisherman's Wharf, one day. The hotel is not large (which we prefer) but is beautifully appointed. The large room included enough amenities (microwave, free coffee etc, dishes) that you can have a meal at home if you didn't want to eat out. The staff were very personable and helpful with directions etc. They even sent me a recognition of my birthday which we enjoyed immensely. The guest lounge  patio was a very relaxing spot that offered free coffee etc almost all day. We ate at their restaurant Zingari once and although the food  service was good, the prices and ambience could use a little attention. I absolutely recommend this place to everyone and hope that it won't be too full for me the next time I want to visit.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms_Quilt
<Content>Wowsers! What a steal! We got a great rate -- that included parking -- and the room was huge. It also included coffee pot, frig, and microwave. Our rate included breakfast on the top-floor reception area. It was two pieces of pastry from a reputable local baker. Didn't have a chance to use the exercise room and jacuzzi but both looked terrific. We had dinner in their restaurant, Zingari, and although it cost more than the room, it was quite tasty. The Donatello is a great little secret. Only tell people you like about it!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>waj97
<Content>Super! We booked our two-night stay through the San Francisco hotel reservation service that the Donatello staff referred us to. We got a rate of around $110 a night, which was so much lower than other nearby hotels that I was a bit concerned about what we'd find. No need to worry -- the hotel was great! (I've certainly paid a lot more for worse rooms.) Staff were very friendly and helpful, and the room/bathroom were spacious and clean. The room also had a mini-kitchen area with sink, mini-fridge and coffee pot. The bed was comfy and there was ample room to stretch out. The club room (where the complimentary continental breakfast was served) was nice, and the spa, jacuzzi and gym were amenities not offered by most of the other hotels I considered. The location was great for playing tourist -- a block away from Union Square and the cable-car line -- but be aware that it's in the middle of a bustling city and there's going to be street noise, particularly from a local nightclub. You may want to ask for a room away from that part of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>veedubrach
<Content>Great hotel, great location I booked this hotel through onlinehotels.com and got a great rate for any San Francisco hotel, let alone one of this standard.We were on a long trip and asked to store some luggage at the hotel for 12 days days before our stay, which they did without any problems.The rooms are large, and well equiped with a microwave, fridge, basic cutlery/crockery, tv, stereo and vcr. Complimentary wifi was also a huge bonus. A limited complimentary breakfast of pastries and coffee is also available.The staff were very helpful. The only minor problem we had was that our deposit via the internet booking was not recognised as paid so it took quite a few minutes upon checkout to sort this out.The location is a block from Union square.I doubt you could find better in San Francisco for the price we paid and would not hesistate in recommending this hotel  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>luv2dohair98
<Content>Perfect Hotel!       our room  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lov2golf
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Service Had a wonderful stay at The Donatello! Although I was only there 3 nights, the service was great, from the bell staff, the front desk staff, and housekeeping staff, all were very friendly and professional. The room was very nice, spacious for downtown San Fran, and I love the decor. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suerx78
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay at The Donatello in San Francisco. As we had found this hotel through a time share company called Shell Vacations, we were not sure what to expect. I can say the hotel has an ideal location just one block from Union Square. It is an easy walk to shopping, restaurants and theatre. Parking was reasonably priced with in and out privleges. The bed was very comfortable. The room was spacious with a mini kitchen, fridge, microwave, sink and coffee maker. There was a small sitting area with a sofabed. The hotel staff was friendly and courteous. When I checked in, I requested an upgrade but was told that all rooms were the same. I asked about the terrace floor and was told that it was already full. The room decor was modern and looked like it had been recently updated. There is a small gym on the top floor. The spa is co-ed so bring a swim suit. We got in to see Jersey Boys which is one block away by just walking to the box office and buying tickets there one day before. We would stay at this place in a future trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>edo408
<Content>Hidden Jewel I know this review is about a year late, but better late than never. Also, the Donatello is such a wonderful hotel that I just had to write about it even now.I almost didn't stay at the Donatello, and only decided on this hotel when my reservation at the Westin fell through. In hindsight, this was a blessing because the Donatello turned out to be a really great hotel with wonderful staff. The standard room was very spacious (I had a queen bed and a few loveseats) and came with a wet bar. Other features included high ceilings, modern decor (think art deco) and scenic views of the city. I also appreciated the very agreeable rates - considering that it was New Year's Eve ($199 vs $495 at the Westin !). Staff was very polite and accommodating. I had an unexpected tagalong during my stay and staff brought me a roll away cot at no charge. The Donatello totally surpassed my expectations and I would recommend it in a heartbeat. I can't think of one bad thing to say!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TrickyHobby
<Content>My new favorite SF Hotel The Donatello is my new favorite hotel in SF. Courteous staff, efficient valet parking, good location, and the most amazing breakfast pastries you've ever eaten. We had the good fortune to stay on the fifth floor and have a terrace. Rooms are well-sized, bathroom is not too big/not too small, decent-sized closet space. Starbucks, Max's Opera Deli, Union Square, a pharmacy... all are within a block. Area around hotel is quiet at night. Kitchenette is perfect for travelers who don't want to eat out every meal - microwave, small refrigerator, utensils, plates, etc. There is no breakfast menu in the hotel, so no room service in the morning. However, the continental b'fast offered in the morning is exceptional.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RCM3
<Content>No Brainer First trip to San Francisco. A cousin helped us find The Donatello. Our room rate included parking; our final bill just under $400 for two nights. We are mid-westerners and believed the $400 to be more than worth it. Parking experience...great; front desk help...great; concierge help...great; room...great. We were treated to soda and chocolates. Front Desk offered us Champagne as we were there for our 20th Anniversary. However we do not drink and I said how about some soda? We had 6 cans and the chocolates waiting for us when we arrived in our room (we had actually left on bus tour before we went to the room). Great, safe neighborhood. 1 block from Powell-Hyde Cable Car line. 4-5 blocks from F-Line train stop. No complaints...you will be happy here. And of course...we left our hearts there. Happy couple from Southern, Illinois  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MLE642
<Content>A great location, lovely accomodations and an excellent value This is a well located and nicely maintained hotel. We had a room with a king-size bed and a fold-out couch. There was a comfortable amount of room for the three of us. There was a small dressing area near the closet which was nice for some privacy as well storage. Beds were very comfortable, lighting was quite good, room and bath were always kept clean. We requested a room in the back of the hotel and it was fairly quiet (for a city center location). The location was excellent. It is two blocks from Union Square, near many theaters and restaurants, etc. Overall, it was a very pleasant place to stay for a week and we would certainly do it again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovingcarolina
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Donnatello We arrived on a Saturday evening for a three night stay and was given one of the patio rooms on the fifth floor as requested. We loved our room. Very clean, plenty of space with couch, wet bar with fridge, coffeepot, dishes, etc. The weather was great so we really enjoyed relaxing with our coffee out on the patio and reading the paper. The gentleman that checked us in informed us about the club lounge on the top floor with a complimentary continental breakfast. It was a little confusing when we got there because there was a sign saying there was a $4 charge for the breakfast but there wasn't anyone there to really collect money. Anyhow there were some pretty good pastries, coffee, tea, and juice. There is also a nice patio up there to enjoy. The staff was courteous and helpful. The location was very close to Union Square, public transportation, and restaurants. We felt very safe when walking to and from the hotel. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SempreLibera
<Content>Bello Donatello! A friend booked their time share unit at the Donatello for us so I can't comment on the value. Have no idea of the cost.We've stayed at six or more different hotels in San Francisco and would rate this as one of our favorites. Our king room on the 12th floor was quite spacious with interesting but not overwhelmng decor (like the Monaco down and around the block)- perfectly and tastefully furnished. I like a nicely arranged room. Big means nothing if there's wasted space (Omni in Los Angeles). This room had a nice balanced aesthetic to it in terms of layout and color.It was just like home, having morning coffee on the sectional couch with feet propped on the coffee table and the sun streaming in from the south window. I loved the all-mirror entry way in the room, the Oriental brass pulls on the mirror closet doors, the variety of lighting options.The bathroom was small but I liked the marble elegance and it had plenty of amenities. The lighted magnified wall mounted make-up mirror was a great bonus.Bell hop, valet and guest service desk were very friendly and the room service prompt. Did not think that any of the service attendants were tip greedy at all.Great proximity to Union Square and theaters, entrance to Chinatown. We had a hearty walk up hill to Grace Cathedral so we didn't use the health club.Dottie's on Jones had quite the queue so we breakfasted at the Olympic Cafe. I probably won't return to the Olympic despite the tasty pancakes. Nor would I wait that long for Dottie's (go earlier or on a week day) but would have opted for Max's - always a solid choice.The only problem we had was that the hot water ran out mid-shower! Normally, that's the sort of thing that will make me immediately black list a hotel. Having Engineering look into it after the fact really doesn't warm me. The rest of the experience was so pleasant, however, that I would give this hotel another chance, asking in advance if the hot water is going to be problematical. The water issue keeps me from giving the hotel an excellent rating.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>princt2003
<Content>Location, location, location We spent 9 nights there in August, 2006. The location cannot be beat, directly behind the Westin St. Francis, a landmark hotel. Our check-in was very smooth and our room was unusually large for a hotel. I have read comments here about noise from the street but, considering that the hotel is smack in the middle of the downtown area, I did not find that a problem. Heavy street construction one day could be heard but what would you expect? Interior noise was non-existent - never heard other doors slamming shut as is usual in so many hotels. Our room was beside the elevators but we could not hear them. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. At no time were we approached about attending a time-share presentation and no employee ever put his hand out looking for a tip. The bell-hops were always around, friendly, helpful and just generally polite. The cleaning staff were just as nice and it was a treat to come back to the room in the evening and find the bed turned down and the proverbial chocolates on the pillow. The small fridge and microwave were a great addition. I would go back again without any hesitation.My only complaint is with San Francisco itself - so many street people and many of them mental health folks who seemed abandoned by the system. Something is very wrong in this department.Bill  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>VacationsRGreat
<Content>Good service, location and price       Complimentary wine and chocolates from the hotel staff  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tbaxtel
<Content>Love this place! We just checked out yesterday. This was not our first visit, nor will it be our last. We are definite fans of this hotel!The service is impecable, the rooms are comfortable and very spacious and the location is just wonderful. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helped get Honeymoon off to the right start My mother-in-law booked us at The Donatello for the weekend before going onto Hawaii for our Honeymoon, and my husband and I could not have been happier. I was so happy with our stay there that I just had to post a review about them. Upon arrival the bellmen and front desk were very helpful. After we had gotten settled into our room, which I felt was quite large for a studio in the city, we asked for recommendations for somewhere nearby to eat and the guys in the lobby pointed us to Max's across the street. Good food! After returning from lunch we were suprised to find a bottle of champagne and chocolates in the room congratulating us from the staff, and we didn't even mention that we were just married. When we went down to thank the guys at the front desk for the gesture we asked where to go for drinks and maybe go dancing. Not only did Deo give us great suggestion he also got us on the guest list for the club right across the street which was a blast. The desk clerks and bellmen paid a lot of attention to our needs and seemed very knowledgable. Marianne and Mark gave me great advice on the shopping nearby and the guys in the lobby; Deo, Chris and Nick, should have been annoyed with all my questions but instead were so helpful. In fact they even gave us great advice for our trip to Hawaii. I read other reviews of this hotel and it's true the staff is very helpful and we felt that they gave us very personalized service. I did however have a problem with the tv during our stay which was dealt with quickly, but we really didn't have much time to sit in the room and watch tv. Our stay inclduded a light continental breakfast which consisted of pastries, but I recommend going to Dottie's a couple of blocks away. The outside noise that others have complained about did not bother us. Yeah the hotel itself could offer more ammenities like a better breakfast or newer tv and dvd players but we would definetly return and recommend this hotel just on the experience we had with everyone we encountered.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eighties Throwback! We booked into the Donatello at the last minute for our last night in California. The website we used allowed us to get the room for 111 USD minus taxes. The parking cost us a whopping 28 USD which we thought was pretty excessive. The reception staff and concierge were very helpful. The room itself pays homage to the 80's. It was blue, yellow and orange (my husband was convinced that he could not spend another night there due to the nightmarish colour scheme!). There was a neat little kitchen area which was useful.However, The Donatello has the worst designed bathroom that we encountered in our 2.5 week, 9 hotel experience. You can barely get into the shower without sitting on the toilet and if you are above 5'3 as both my husband and I are, you literally have to bend over backwards to get your head under the shower! The location of The Donatello was just great as it was one block from Union Square. The room itself was nice and quiet which was good as we were exhausted after all that driving. Upon both arriving and leaving, we felt immense pressure from anyone who helped us at the Donatello for tips (we'd been in the US enough to know that tipping is expected) but we felt that they were almost holding out their hands the moment you spoke with them which made us feel a little uncomfortable.I'd like to recommend a visit to the Cosmopolitan Cafe on Spear Street for a great time. The service is excellent, the vibe is great and the food is knockout.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enk56
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very good hotel. Great location downtown nr Union Square. Great room - high ceilings - if you can ask for a 5th floor room with a patio (only 6 available).Serious staff - very helpful.Nice club room on the top floor for continental breakfast.RecommendedPS as an aside - be prepared for assertive begging downtown. SF should get to grips with this - otherwise - great city  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay- would do it again! This was my first trip to San Francisco and the Donatello was a perfect choice. Even before we arrived I called them several times with questions about weather, transportation from airport and other local info I was curious about. Peter, the consierge, was helpful every time and so patient with my many questions. I also requested a room on the 5th floor, advice from a previous Trip Advisor review, and they filled the request for us. The reason we wanted the 5th floor was that it has a terrace patio---BIG!!! Wow, we loved the Donatello, the top floor lounge, the employees, the location could not have been better. I read a previous review that commented on the noise-- and it was a little noisy- but come on-- you're in the heart of downtown. A great place to stay-- the rooms are immaculate and HUGE!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! Perfect Location! My fiance and I stayed at the Donatello in San Fran in September of 2005. We absolutely loved every second of it! The consierge was very helpful, the bellmen were so curteous, the front desk staff was superb. Ah yes... then onto the room. Emmaculantly clean, fully stocked, and modernly decorated. The bar was fun at night, the food was delicious. I could go on and on about our stay. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel !!! Everything you could wish for! We finally got to the Donatello鈥檚 reception desk after a long trip through the pouring rain, with way too many suitcases to carry. The receptionists Chris and May made us instantly forget about the whole hassle! Never experienced such a Warm Welcome in a hotel before! We immediately felt at home.Our room at the Donatello鈥檚 was just excellent; comfortable bed, sound proof room, impeccably clean, excellent heating/cooling system, convenient bathroom, and some extras that we appreciated very much: TV-set, radio/CD audio system, wireless internet access, terrace (!)In the morning, you can go to The Donatello鈥檚 lounge to enjoy some coffee, tea, orange juice and pastries that are really sufficient to get you a kickstart.Apart from the fact that The Donatello鈥檚 is located in the very heart of the city (a few steps from Union Square), this is a highly recommendable hotel, just like that! Believe you me, we are very critical, hard-to-please customers and hotel guests, but us going to San Fran from now on means booking a room at The Donatello鈥檚. This hotel means Quality, true hospitality and everything you could wish for.Isn鈥檛 there really nothing on the down-side we could think of? Perhaps鈥?We don鈥檛 think that The Donatello鈥檚 restaurant is worth the effort鈥?br/>  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! I Love the Donatello What a great find! We chose the Donatello based on reviews here on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. The location can't be beat--just steps from Union Square, and very close to the cable car stops and subway. The staff was very gracious, and I found the noise level to be perfectly acceptable (though I lived in NYC for many years, so noise doesn't bother me much). Most importantly, the room was perfect. We were traveling with our 9-month-old son, and we really appreciated how large the room was. There was enough space in the room to place his crib in a separate alcove near the bathroom, so he could sleep in the dark while we left the lights on or watched tv in the main part of the room. The kitchenette was wonderfully convenient. Traveling with a baby, we often found it more convenient to order takeout and eat in the room instead of eating out. The dishes, sink and fridge made this very easy. The room was a very pleasant place to spend time (while the baby napped or ate lunch, for example). The room had a wall of windows, and was nice and sunny during the day. The decor was very tasteful, the sofa was functional and comfy, and the layout of the room was very nice. There was lots of functional storage space--very convenient if you're traveling with a family. I have stayed in hotels and rental apartments all over the world, and the Donatello may be my favorite hotel! We had a wonderful trip to San Francisco, and the Donatello was a highlight of our stay.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vicki1812
<Content>great location, good service, good location - but needs soundproofing Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in April 06 on a timeshare exchange and it is our 3rd return visit.Location is excellent - 2 mins from union square and the cable cars/buses/shops. Rooms and facilites are excellent, lovely king beds, good lines and bathroom freebies, nice marble bathroom and high quality fuurnishings. Rooms are huge and generall feature an oversize sofa which is very welcome after a day walking around SFHowever they do need to soundproof the rooms as like other reviewers we were kept awake at night by the noise - however we moved rooms and that helped a lot. After staying at the Donattello we now know that there is a quiet and a noisy side - we moved to room 1415 which was fine.We found the customer service standard to be very high and the concerige in the club lounge was super and very helpful. We did go to the bar one night but found it very expensive. I would visit again as the location is fantastic and the quality excellent, but next time I would buy ear plugs - however if you stay in the middle of a big city it will be noisy!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jonito
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We were guests of the Donatello for two nights in March, 2006. The location is excellent, one block from Union Square and five blocks from the Powell Street BART station. My mother and I were in the Bay Area to visit family so easy access to and from the hotel was absolutely necessary. We used public transportation everywhere (at least when not walking). San Francisco has a very inexpensive and efficient bus and subway system which I highly recommend. The room was superb, large with just the right amount and quality of ammenities. Since all rooms at the Donatello are king bedded it was wonderful having the pull-out sofa bed (an absolute must for people traveling with children or parents). Everyone at the hotel couldn't have been nicer. Very very friendly staff. But San Francisco is like that, people who are just nice to each other. We did not use the Club level with fitness room, jacuzzi, or concierge. We did however, go up to see it and were quite pleased. We could hear street noise from our room, but it wasn't that bad. The windows all open which is nice if you like the outside air, but the in room climate control was adequate. If you are sensitive to big city noises, then perhaps a large chain hotel with many stories is the place to stay. But then you will miss the charm of really getting close the vibrant city of San Francisco. We will certainly stay at the Donatello again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slocal
<Content>Spacious rooms but too noisy Stayed at the Donatello for one night. The rooms and hotel were nicely decorated and the service was friendly. The rooms were spacious (especially for a city hotel) as promised in Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel was also well located a block off Union Square. However, they need to have sound-proof windows installed. We had great difficulty sleeping through the night and were awakened often by screaming, horns, car alarms and delivery trucks.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Akgambler
<Content>What a bargain! I had read all of the reviews and decided this was the place we'd try. When we called no rooms but hotelsonline had the 2 rooms we needed for about $165/nite each. What a great place! Great location, very clean, nice rooms (quite large) and we had absolutely terrific customer service. We were not charged for parking (making this an extreme SF bargain!) We didn't try the restaurant, so can't comment on that. I'd stay here again. There are so many SF hotels to choose from, we were delighted as to how this selection turned out. I consider myself a picky hotel guest, to the extent that I try to avoid 2star or anything without nice ammenities.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely rooms, poor customer service Although the room was spacious and well maintained the customer service left a lot to be desired. The man who checked us in was unfriendly and showed no interest in answering our questions. He was the same person who checked us out and the only time he showed an interest in our stay was when he handed us the hotel evaluation form. He even critized another front desk staff person who was trying to find out why I had not received the promised morning newspaper.The Bellman and Concierage desk were helpful and couteous.The room was lovely but could have used a few more amenities in the kitchen area such a tea bags, hot chocolate, etc.We ordered a meal from room service once, a sandwich, which was not as it had been described on the menu but instead something that looked to be hastely put together without much taste or quality.Although the room smelled fresh, the hallway had a strong cigarrette order.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Donatello needs to work on Customer Service! We stayed two nights. The hotel lacked the ammenities you would expect from a four-star hotel, including an inadequate gym.Additionally, we were charged for a movie we did not watch (we were walking around Union Square at the time). The issue boils down to the staff attitude - instead of accepting our complaint and just removing the nominal charge from our bill in a pleasant and orderly fashion, we spent ten minutes in a debate with two employees and left with the charge still intact on our bill. Consequently, we called and spoke with the sales manager who again argued the same point.Needless to say, we will not visit this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place !!!! I just got back last week of 7 days of vaction there. I traded my timeshare time so the price for me was an absolute steal! The staff was very friendly and always made sure that I was comfortable. They had top notch service like their consierge and the housekeepers were earger to make my stay the best. Little touches like bed turn down service and when the housekeepers were finished cleaning the room they sprayed it with a heavenly fragerance. The bellmen were very helpful, giving tips and advice on where to go and how much to pay for taxis or public transportation. All in all I had a great time and wouldn't hesitate to stay their again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheStranger22
<Content>A Gem Clean, spacious, great location, coffee in room, even had a stereo in the room along with the idiot tv. polite people. excellent value.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Okemosian
<Content>Research paid off! Wonderful hotel! I also researched the Union Square area for a great hotel, and was very pleased with my choice of the Donatello. Our room was huge, clean, bright, airy, and we could step out onto a shared yet private terrace (5th floor room) complete with round tables and chairs. Amenities were outstanding. Bellman was very helpful as were the desk staff. We dined in the restaurant and had great Italian food. Location is ideal for Union Square area shopping and restaurants. Will book the same room next year when we return! Last year we stayed at Hotel Palomar (Kimpton Hotel) and the Donatello beats it by miles in every way, including price. Only minor drawback was street noise (we had an end room) but that's typical for many hotels in a big city.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding! After seeing fantastic reviews on this forum, I booked this hotel for 2 rooms for myself and my colleague for a 5-night stay in early September for a conference. We checked in early and the staff were gracious and our rooms were ready. There was a slight issue with my air conditioning; but the engineering staff was attentive and offered me immediate alternatives. I loved the fact that the windows opened and allowed fresh aire inside!My colleague and I were abruptly summoned back to our office in New Jersey after only 2 nights. When I spoke to the staff, there was absolutely no issue with our early departure. They were extremely understanding and helpful in returning us back to SFO airport in time to make our new flight.I would highly recommend the Donatello to anyone. The rooms were well appointed, extremely tidy, and the most spacious of any hotel. The staff were courteous, gracious, kind and helpful! The price was extremely fair for San Francisco standards!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this hotel I did extensive research when looking for a hotel in San Fran and used Trip Advisor at length. I even cancelled a reservation at another hotel because of the reviews on here. I can't say enough good things about the Donatello, huge room, great sitting area with combined love seat/chaise lounge and coffee table. huge king size bed with great bedding and great room perks. the turn down service was such a nice added touch and we thoroughly enjoyed our evening chocolates. there can be street noise due to the location however it is mostly experienced on weekend nights. our room was right above ruby sky so at closing time we could hear people but it didnt'last long. after all, you are staying in downtown san fran so some noise is expected. all staff were great and the concierge will assist with just about anything you need. my stay at the donatello helped turn a holiday into the most relaxing, romantic, no fuss vacation. i will only stay at the donatello from now on...ps the ratty carpets have all been replaced with lush cushy new ones. i loved the donatello.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>socialsister
<Content>convenient, cute and clean Quite spacious, this is my new favorite SF hotel. One block to Union Square and some great restaurants within walking distance. We were able to get a parking package which helped with not having to pay for that expense. Although we weren't in the room a lot, when we did come back it was nice to have 2 couches to lounge on while mapping out our plan for the next day's activities.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ajslc
<Content>Great hotel, cute rooms I've stayed at several SF hotels 4*, 3*, boutique hotels and this is my new favorite.The room was large compared to most SF hotels and very clean. I liked that the room had a bright entry way with a closet, mirror and dresser right off the bathroom. Then the room had large king bed, comfy couch and coffee table that doubles as a little dining table. The furniture is new with a contemporary feel and light colored wood. The room had a mini fridge and microwave with dishes and sink. The location is convenient to restaurants  shopping. There are plenty of places to eat within a block or two. Plus my favorite club, Ruby Skye is right across the street.I'm always an a budget so if I can get a great deal again, I'll be back.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Was in town for an Oracle Open World Convention of over 35,000 attendees and as you can imagine, most of the city was booked. We were very pleased with the location and the accomodations. The room was huge and the ammenities were excellent, i.e., king bed, nice feather pillows, soft sheets, refrigerator, microwave, toaster, coffee pot, tv, vcr, stereo, ironing board and iron, large bathroom, dressing area, build in cabinets, laptop table with bench, large sofa to relax on. I'd definitely go there again. Ate at the restaurant one night... that was good, but not excellent. Staff was very pleasant. Overall, they get an A.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like the photographs Stayed here the 2nd week of August 2005. What a beautiful hotel, really stylish.All staff I came across were helpful and courteous, Cocktail barman knew his stuff and when he left 1 ingredient out of a cocktail, gave me a free one. Ate at the restaurant, food and service was excellent.Rooms were really clean and have a turn down service every night, which was an unexpected bonus.This is one of the few hotels I have stayed in where the publicity photos matched the reality.Location was satisfactory, just a few blocks from Union Square and the tram stops.Hotel gave us some great tips on how to get around the city easily and helped us return our hire car.Ok the carpets have seen better days and double glazing would be a benefit, but the many good points outway the very few bad ones.An excellent hotel, we would definetly stay again and would recommend others to.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location  We just returned from a week in San Francisco and stayed at the Donatello Hotel. I used to stay at this hotel in the late 80's and early 90's and found that the charm is still here at the Donatello. We stayed in the Presidential Suite on the 14th floor. This suite is in desperate need of a makeover, although it is immense in size. Living room, dining room, full kitchen, two bedrooms and 2 baths. This suite could easily sleep 8 with roll-a-beds. The view was nice, corner unit with huge windows overlooking union square. Union Square area can be very noisy at times and the hotel is older with single pane windows, noise level at night can be loud. The Club Donatello on the 15th floor offers continental breakfast, coffee and other refreshments. It is a nice touch in a well-appointed lounge with tv's, gym, sauna, jacuzzi and outdoor terrace area. The staff is always extremely helpful and courteous. Miguel, our valet attendant, remembered me from years ago, nice touch!!! He is an awesome person, make sure you say hello to Miguel. Zingari, the Italian restaurant in the Hotel has pretty decent food (although it is hard to beat North Beach) and the bar is nice as well. The Donatello offers live jazz every night in the lounge which is a awesome feature. All in all the Donatello Hotel offers great value and is close to everything in San Francisco. Our rate was $400.00 per night and included breakfast and valet parking, which will run you around $40.00 per night in San Francisco. I use my car alot while in Northen California, so it is nice having your car available at any time. I would highly recommend The Donatello, a nice, large boutique hotel located in the heart of Union Square.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was very nice We stayed in the middle of july for 3 nights. The concierge helped us with all the information we needed about our first stay in SF, the room was spacious and clean (very clean). We didn't go for breakfest, but we took tee to our rooms in the evening, which is for free. The hotel is one block from Union square, really great location, it tries to present itself as a luxurious smaller hotel in downtown SF, which it is. Two things last: first the bad: the remark about the hotel being worn out is true, the carpets could be changed, and a little more care could be showed by the handyman departement, the good thing is valet parking downtown in the price of the room, saves 40$ a day. Overal conclusion: I recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Colleague
<Content>Very San Francisco This is a well located, pleasant, and well run hotel. Just a block from Union Square (and Sears Fine Food), the hotel was very clean and comfortable. The service, from the friendly doormen to the friendly room cleaners, was seamless. Our room was large, quiet and well appointed. Everything worked. Although it took some extra digging on the web, I was also able to get a very attractive price, and I have rated the hotel with that price in mind.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bennifer
<Content>Disappointing The location was great and the room was spacious, but a little bit run down- worn, dirty carpet, older model tv. But for the price, it was a great deal. My one complaint was the service- the package we purchased included a free bottle of wine upon arrival. Upon arrival, we were told that it was too late and that we could get our bottle of wine from the bar the following evening after 4pm. Not quite the welcome I was expecting. They offer a manager's cocktail reception in the tiny lobby bar for an hour in the evenings which is a nice touch, but the bar is really small and crowded and you have to fight your way to the bar to serve yourself. I have stayed at other Kimpton properties where the staff is much more friendly and service oriented (circling the room and offering refills!) All in all a good value, but there are so many hotels in S.F. with employees who go that little bit extra that I would not bother staying at the Donnatello again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>scheng
<Content>would stay here again The hotel is a good value. We paid less than $130, which included parking and breakfast (though we didn't try it). The hotel is in a good location, extremely close to Union Square. The room we stayed in was really large, with a mini-fridge and microwave oven (turns out the hotel is partly a time share as well). Our room was on the fifth floor and overlooked a public terrace. The hotel has a small fitness center, including a beautiful jacuzzi.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jab1
<Content>Great hotel The hotel had been recommended to us by friends. After my wife let them know we were celebrating our one year anniversary, we arrived to a fabulous room, welcoming note, wine and chocolates. The hotel is in a great location and the staff very helpful. We would recommend the Donatello without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, excellent service, reasonable price For a recent business visit to San Francisco, I chose the Donatello based on TripAdvisor recommendations. I'm glad I did. (It did help that it's also on the frequent flier iDine bonus list, at the moment, so I got airline mileage for staying here.)The price was reasonable (well, for San Francisco). The location is excellent: 2 blocks to Union Square, and perhaps a ten-minute walk to Moscone. (It's across the street from the luxurious Pan Pacific hotel, where the rooms are three times the price.) The room was nearly everything I could ask for, with a coffee maker and fridge.WiFi access is available, at an extra cost -- though at $12.95 for three days, I don't feel gouged. I did have to talk to a tech to make my weird laptop connect, but he was friendly and patient.What turned this review from a 4-star to a 5-star was an example of the sincerity of the hotel's good service. I'd stupidly forgotten my cell phone charger at home, so I asked at the front desk if any guest had forgotten one in the hotel. (I know it's the most likely thing to be left behind.) They didn't -- they said they ship them to the guest, which is probably beyond the call of duty -- but the bellman offered to lend me his OWN phone's charger for the evening. Heck, he didn't need to do that. But it certainly made my visit a better one.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd Visit - Still Outstanding I just returned from my 2nd stay in San Francisco in 3 years. The first visit was in late 2001 and I ended up at the Donatello Hotel after being very dissatisfied and leaving the Kensington which is down the street. I was so impressed with the Donatello on that stay that I booked them again when I had to travel to SF for a week this December. If anything this trip was even better than the first. To begin with the room was VERY spacious and well accomodated. It contained a king size bed, couch, bedstand, writing desk, chest of drawers, closet (with safe) entertainment center with spare shelves, tv, radio, clock (with radio), small refrigerator, sink, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, and plates/utensils. The bathroom is large and very nicely appointed also. Additionally the room contained such amenities as feather pillows, 300+ thread count sheets, ironing board, iron, hair dryer, etc, etc. All of the employees were extremely friendly and helpful. The room was well made up every day and turn down service came every night. Anything I asked for - extra towels, coffee, etc - was provided quickly and cheerfully. Any dishes and utensils that I used were taken and replaced with clean ones. And every morning the USA Today was waiting at my door. Twice I have stayed at 5-star Hotels and the service I received at the Donatello puts them to shame. My only complaint for the stay was that the Donatello does not provide high speed internet access as part of the package. They do have a 3rd-party commercial kiosk that also provides wireless access. Unfortunaly it is somewhat expensive and the service only worked 3 days out of 5. To the credit of the Donatello staff, they tried to help me resolve the problem and even provided me a new account for the service.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bwest
<Content>Loved The Donatello~ just perfect! Had a terrace..... We just returned from 5 nights at The Donatello in San Fran and thought it was just perfect! The rooms were huge and amenities just perfect!!! Everyone there was helpful and so nice. The location was excellent also...one block from Union Square!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tacky and so-so Room is ok--public areas are a little tacky and dated but it's a good value so that's ok.Room service was a huge problem--after 3 calls--put on hold for 5 minutes once and told call back in 10 minute the other two times--I gave up and went out to dinner. Service was bad--hotel's ok for the price but, for me, service is the deal breaker and I won't return to The Donatello again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel, Good Service I just arrived home from a trip to San Fran. - I stayed at the Donatello. The Donatello Hotel is a small hotel with many time share units centrally located near Union Square. The hotel was lobby was nice, the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms were in need of an update but fairly clean. The rooms were very noisy so if you are a light sleeper - may find it difficult to sleep.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tennesseetravelin
<Content>What's not to like? I stayed at The Donatello for three nights during early July, 2004 and found the place to be phenomenal in relation to price, location, and service. I decided to reserve here based on some of the comments on TripAdvisor and am glad I listened. There are many hotels (Pan-Pacific, Clift, Diva, etc.) across the street or down the block that are more expensive that I can't imagine being any better than the Donatello. First off, the location is perfect. Half a block from Geary Street and the Theater District and only one block from Union Square and the Powell Cable Car Line. I rented a car and it was easy to get into the facility and valet once upon arrival. Key point here is that The Donatello has published rates that include parking (my rate was $133 a night) while most other facilities will charge anywhere from $25-$35 just to park you car because of limited parking in this area of San Francisco. In other words, my room was a $100 a night room for a perfect location in my opinion. Check-in was easy and done in about 3 minutes. The rooms are very spacious for a boutique inn (a little over 400 square feet) I was told and one of the largest you'll find in San Francisco. Since I had come from Vegas with my fiance and heading to Napa after the San Fran trip we had a lot of luggage and were never cramped in our room. The rooms were clean and laid out where there was plenty of space. They had a nice tv, cd, groovy sofa that you could put your things on, nice sized closets, in-room safe, average sized bathroom with amentities (hair dryer, lotions, etc). The concierge floor has a smaller fitness center with complimentary orange juice, coffee, croissants for in the morning. Good place to relax on the balcony or view the street life below. No attitude was exhibited by the staff and everyone from the maid, bellman, valet exhibited supreme service. You will not find top of the line amentities such as heavenly beds, marble bathrooms, in-room meals, etc. but then again you are paying the equivalent of a stay at a suburban Holiday Inn or Hampton Inn so you shouldn't expect it. Besides, if you're staying in your room the whole time you've probably picked the wrong city to be vacationing. The Donatello gives you what you want and surprises you beyond that . I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kerry087
<Content>What a wonderful Hotel! This was our first visit to San Franciso. I can not believe there could have been a better Hotel for us. Maybe more expensive, but not better. The rooms are beautiful and spacious. The location is perfect. Just off the Trolley Car line right in the middle of everything. Even close enough to walk to the Theatre's if you have not seen Lion King or so many other's that were playing when we were there. The staff was just wonderful. Peter and Rohn at the Concierge desk helped us with directions and get on a City Tour. Being from New Orleans if was unexpected to feel so at home in a City to which I had never visited. Trond and staff. We can not thank you enough for a Majical stay in an unforgetable city.Kerry, Cathy, Roberta and David  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Donatello - Big Rooms, Great Value I stayed here for a week on business - picked it myself instead of the usual hotel my company uses in SF because I wanted to try something new. It was $100 cheaper per night and very nice. If you are the type to get upset because there are a couple smudges on the mirror in the elevator or a bit of paint chipped on the bottom edge of a door, don't stay here because there are the occasional imperfections. Nothing major, but I know some people are upset if they stay somewhere and it is less than abolutely flawless. That said, I thought it was an outstanding value for the money. (I paid $135 per night including parking.) The room was huge by hotel standards. I've read that they are the largest standard rooms in the city and I wouldn't doubt it. Being in town for a whole week I definitely appreciated it, and didn't get the claustrophobic feeling some cramped rooms give you. The morning breakfast of muffins, donuts and orange juice is nothing to write home about, but it is decent. The lounge where it is served, though, is quite nice, and in addition to the comfortable couches and tables there are a bunch of outdoor chairs on the balcony - pretty decent view (15th floor) and perfect for relaxing outside in mild weather. The fitness room is OK, about average compared to others I've seen. There is a jacuzzi as well, which is a nice option. Another great feature is the refrigerator in the rooms - especially nice if you are staying for an extended time. There is also a toaster, microwave and mini-stereo in every room. It almost felt like being at home. All the staff I dealt with were great as well, very friendly and helpful. Bottom line: not the MOST luxurious place I have ever stayed, but definitely the best combination of value, amenities, style and service - my favorite. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again I moved from San Francisco for work. Ironically, I am sent to San Francisco regularly and allowed a moderate hotel budget. I had seen the Donatello when I resided in San Francisco and thought it would be a very nice place to stay and the proce was right. How wrong I was! For starters, you can forget the Continential Breakfast. Costco croissants and stale doughnuts in a city known for it's abundant and delicious bakeries? Shameful! My bathroom was awful. There was hot-water, sometimes, the shower head looked like it was twenty years old and the water pressure was terrible. I couldn't sleep at night because the street noise was unbearably loud. The bar staff was very friendly, as were the bell captains and parking valets. The front desk was not only useless but the rudest I've ever encountered. The next few times I was in San Francisco, I stayed at Kimpton properties (Monaco, Serano  Villa Florence). Same prices, much better food, much nicer rooms where everything works, and the staff is ALWAYS that wonderful balance of friendly and professional.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EllieEl
<Content>Great location and value   showReview(1651684, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!!   showReview(1507905, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star hotel, 3 Star service.   showReview(1434785, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Beat The Donatello   showReview(1122499, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Donatello was a pleasure   showReview(1027312, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room and hotel but too noisy   showReview(987395, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best choice for a SFO hotel   showReview(970799, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome   showReview(920284, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Donatello does it   showReview(692877, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>great time at Donatello   showReview(515992, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flov75
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(21604152, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>yosh1976
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(21510381, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Ed883
<Content>Excelente situaci贸n, muy confortable   showReview(20505344, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>joselu33
<Content>Gran ubicaci贸n en una gran ciudad   showReview(19354629, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sonnenbrille
<Content>Gutes Stadthotel f眉r Familien   showReview(18982555, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon plan   showReview(19640961, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une excellente adresse au coeur de San Francisco   showReview(19640960, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buena elecci贸n   showReview(18533056, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai peut-etre   showReview(17444082, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrales Hotel n盲he Union Square guter Startpunkt   showReview(16604984, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne formule et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(16604983, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>simple mais bien   showReview(13203118, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>grande chambre   showReview(11302146, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>webbear
<Content>Splendido   showReview(10278475, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ChrisAin
<Content>Tr猫s satisfaits   showReview(8373839, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Luzie
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Stadthotel in bester Lage   showReview(7729080, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, sch枚nes Hotel, tolle Zimmer!   showReview(11433640, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

