<Author>DoctorZLondon
<Content>Please don't stay here! Scam Artists Like many others I made the mistake of ignoring all the terrible reviews on this site, thinking How bad can it be? I was completely unprepared for what happened next.The hotel itself wasn't that bad. The rooms smelled a bit funny and it was obviously a budget option, but it was fine. I received my credit card bill a few weeks after returning and realised that they had withdrawn two extra payments from my account of $75 each. I emailed to ask what had happened. I immediately received a very abrupt reply informing me that we had been charged for undisclosed pets in both rooms. Numerous phone calls with excessively rude staff members claiming the two rooms were covered in excrement (!!!) and large quantities of pet hair followed. The last email happily signed off with Well you can try and dispute it with the credit card company, but since you signed a form agreeing to pay for damage, they won't do anything.Thankfully they did and we got our money back. But I'm sure this is not the last time they will try this trick. It was traumatic and supremely irritating.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>garood
<Content>Dishonest, trumatizing The guy at the desk had recently immigrated from India. Except him there were two other spanish speaking staff and they were the entire staff of that place. Somebody on our floor (guests) was smoking weed, and the smell was in the corridor. Despite what they said, there was no wi-fi internet in the lobby, and the guy lied to me about it point-blank. I requested to be moved to another room (because the window view was partly blocked by a wall) but was told there was absolutely no other room in the hotel. Few minutes later, the vacancy sign was up outside the hotel. The place is in that part of Seattle which is close to downtown but is decaying and being rebuilt. In general, do not make your booking from Hostelworld.com, their site is full of crappy places like this one. What annoyed me most about this place was the constant lying from the staff, as if I would never know the truth. A traumatizing experience.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>bartilu
<Content>wonderful benefits I was thrilled when I called Seattle Pacific Hotel and was given a fantastic weekly rate. During my stay all personnel were always responsive to my needs. I had a very late flight out of Seattle the day I left, and I was allowed to stay longer in my room with no extra charge. All the people at the hotel were very accommodating. I will definitely stay there again.Lucy Wright  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>razageorge
<Content>Hell Hotel-be warned! Do not stay here! -repeat, Do not stay here! If the location is not bad enough the lack of security and crack heads next door certainly will!Dirty rooms that barely passed city inspection I am thinking and the staff will rip you off if you are not careful, they charged me for an extra room fee because they said I left the room dirty. The [----] room was a pig pen to begin with.I made the mistake because I was desperate but do not let this hotel/ crack house ruin your trip as it did mine and be ripped off in the process.They will rip off tourists!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>JustaMomAlaska
<Content>Great Customer Service My daughter and her two year old daughter stayed at The Seattle Pacific Hotel for just over two weeks when my daughter and her husband were separating. It was a very emotional time for her. The staff at the hotel did everything possible to make her and her daughter comfortable. They actually seemed to care about her emotional well being. Having worked in hospitality my entire life, I find it rare that a staff would be so attentive to a young woman and her toddler. If you in the Seattle area and need a welcoming environment, stay at the Seattle Pacific Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boydcl
<Content>***Worst Hotel Experience Ever***       Filthy Unusable Pool in July!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>amonarr
<Content>Not the terrible place we expected We booked this hotel many months before our trip but of course didn't look at the reviews until right before we left. After reading some really harsh reviews we were a bit scared. Well most of what we read in the reviews were not our experience. We walked into a clean, well kept front desk area and were helped by a very pleasant young lady who in spite of dealing with some computer glitches always had a smile and was very quick to get our room. Yes, the hotel was dated but you could tell updates were being made and overall it was clean. We didn't use the pool but the area looked very nice. We certainly would have if we would have had the time. The one complaint we would have were the bathrooms. The bathtubs definitely need replacing. It was a great location as we walked to the Space Needle, (although I wouldn't recommend walking after dark, it is still downtown) and the price was right.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	2	2	

<Author>estavanrico
<Content>Disgusting hotel and extremely rude front desk, avoid if you have other options       bath tub  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Smiley57
<Content>Worst hotel experience ever! When we, as newcomers to Seattle, finally found the Seattle Pacific hotel, we were relieved only to walk into the lobby of the hotel to find the hotel owner arguing with someone who we presume was a customer. My parents booked a room for themselves, and one for me. I am blind and was traveling with my well-behaved guide dog. Because my guide dog is not a pet, and is actually an aid needed to help me with my disability, hotels may not charge an extra pet fee because guide dogs are permitted anywhere the public is welcome. and at no extra charge. In my 23 years of traveling with a guide dog, no hotel has ever given me such a bad time. The Seattle Pacific hotel is a most cold, inhospitable and unfriendly hotel and I do not recommend it to anyone!!!!When I explained to the owner that the law prohibits a hotel from charging this fee, the owner told me that I was unaware of the laws in Washington and that I could not stay at his hotel if I was unwilling to pay the fee. Then, he told me that he had no reservation for me and no rooms available.He was rude and it was a blatant case of discrimination. Why would anyone want to stay at a hotel that puts absolutely no effort into hospitality? Needless to say, we left, and found other accommodations. (Unfortunately, my parents were charged for both rooms, but they are working with VISA to be sure that the charges will not be paid to the Seattle Pacific hotel, especially under these circumstances). FYI: WE ended up staying at the Travelodge, where we were treated with respect and courtesy. It was worth it even though we paid more for our rooms. The seattle Pacific hotel gets my award for the Worst hotel ever!Even if he had been nicer, there was tremendous city noise in this area, it was difficult to find and I hope that this man gets a taste of his own medicine someday so he can learn what it feels like to be treated so shabbily.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LolitaVancouver
<Content>EwwEww!! Sleeping in the car would be better Okay, I will attempt to proceed calmly on this situation. A friend and I wanted a nice tourist weekend in Seattle. What we got was a bad accommodations and a 30min drive at 1am.We arrived at the hotel at about 10am in the morning and attempted to check in. We were told that we could not check in until 3pm. which we were okay with. We decided to park the car (for a fee) and go out until 3pm. When we got back we were checked in; after the clerk finished arguing with another customer on the telephone.We got settled in our room, age of the hotel aside the cleanliness was very poor and should have prompted us to leave immediately (stupid us). We went out again for the day and returned late about 1am. My friend went to get in his bed and low and behold there was a bed bug on his pillow (have you ever seen a grown man have a hissy fit? not pleasant!). I was able to catch one in one of the plastic cups provided in the room (the little suckers are fast) and we packed up and went to check out.The night clerk begrudgingly confiscated the cup with bug and credited us for our next night stay stating he was doing us a favor because the manager would not have issued any sort of refund. When I questioned about getting our money back for the current night he said I would have to speak with the manager in the morning he handed me a business card and said good night. Apparently that was the end of discussion on his part. Everything was booked up nearby so we had to leave town to find a hotel with vacancy. The next morning I called and spoke with the manager who stated that they take this accusation very seriously and that they had the inspector in right away who said that it was okay and there were no bugs. He then put the phone down (not on hold just on the counter) and began to speak to another customer leaving me with no resolution. When he came back on the line he just repeated the same thing and then stated that we brought the bugs in with us and tried to blame them. I told him I was very unsatisfied and told him that I would be contacting the credit card company a disputing the charges. He very loudly replied THAT'S GREAT and hung up the phone. As a seasoned traveler I was appalled with everything to do with this hotel. Stay here at your own risk! But remember you were warned.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Smotel
<Content>Room 220 Bed Bugs My friend and I were excited to find a reasonably priced hotel a stones throw away from the space needle. Upon entering the hotel were could see the owner, Srinesh talking loudly with a customer on the phone over some sort of complaint. Later some lady was arguing about her room as well. Both of these events raised some alarm bells with us but we just wanted a clean hotel and safe place to sleep for the weekend. After a day of sightseeing we returned to the hotel for some much needed sleep at about 1am. I opened the sheets to find a bed bug on the pillow!!!! My stomach almost hurled and I knew we had to leave asap. My friend took a plastic cup and caught one of the blood suckers and we both went down to the front desk. Once we showed the bed bug to the clerk we requested our money back. This clerk indifferently gave us back the second night but stated that there was little chance the owner would refund tonights bill and he coldly stated that we could take it up with him in the morning. My friend and I left and had to find a hotel in Bellevue in the middle of the night. I was not impressed with this owner and his staff was either his family or disgruntled co-workers who don't like working with the man..Avoid the Seattle Pacific PS The owner accused us of bringing in the bed buds..stay tuned for my friends post on her call with this mamnager...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>brianpdale
<Content>Terrible Place, Rude People, Overcharged Me My girl friend am I stayed here for her birthday weekend because it was so close to Seattle Center, BIG MISTAKE. First the website overcharged me then I tried to call and fix it and got hung up on because some jackass couuldent find my reservation because for some reason he dident know how to look for online reservations. When we got there the place looked terrible smelled terrible  Sure they say they are 95% smoke free dont believe it. Then the guy charged me again during the check out sayin the paypal online charge was only a credit card verification to hold the room so I ended up getting a charge for 387$ and one for 129$ which too forever to clear up with their incompatent rude staff. Dont stay there, it was a horrible experience for me and apperently the other reviewers on this site.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kmrapats
<Content>Disgusting!!!!!!!! The hotel was awful. The first room they gave me had its only entrance on the parking lot directly and when I asked to move due to safety (i'm a single female) the hotel manager told me it's completely safe we have all of our breakins on surveillance video not exactly the response i was looking for. My second room was filthy. i pulled down the bedsheets to find someone elses hair on the pillow, wrinkles and stains. i slept on the chair. THe shower and bathroom were even worse. the spout was duct taped to the wall. oh don't waste your money...it's cheap but not worth it...there were a ton of better hotels nearby that you don't have to pay in full at check in!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>AzMAe
<Content>Great place for the price Stayed there 4 nights. Big room in back so it was quiet. Clean, with friendly staff. The rooms on the busy street might be noisy, ours was not. Great location. Made our Seattle visit possible. The bagels in the morning were quite etable, not the rocks you will find at some less expensive places  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>baseballteam
<Content>Horrible!!!!! All rooms were filthy, we had to clean them ourselves. Very old and not updated, gross bathroom...french fries and parmesan cheese packets spilled on carpet, cracked and broken windows. Noisy construction right outside windows with no screens.Don't you dare ask for an extra towel! Not worth it at all. Extremely rude management.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>angelsn08
<Content>Disgusting!!!!!!!!!rude!!!!!!!do not stay there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! disgusting, horribly managed hotel!!!!!!!!Please for your peace of mind do not stay at this infested disgusting place.The rooms are gross, the carpet doesn't even cover all the floor!!the bathroom had hair, finger nails ect all over the place. It doesn't look like it had been cleaned in days.I'm not sure they even change the sheets!oh and the worst of all, the old man working the front desk in the morning. I personally saw him yelling at 2 people when they were checking out, trying to charge them more than what they said when checked in. I also saw him threaten another person that was eating the continental breakfast, he said if they took any food up to there room he was going to charge his credit card(he had 2 muffins and a coffee). I guess your only allowed to eat down stairs. no food allowed in the rooms!!!!DID I MENTION YOU SHOULD NOT STAY HERE. PLEASE DON'T!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gfernan123
<Content>a solid DON'T STAY HERE!! Please don't make this to yourself... I deserved it because I had the chance to read many bad reviews about this place... the factor was the price, but the place is not that cheap either, for what you have to go through.Just few facts:We arrived there to find out we had no reservation (?!?). Many minutes later, the reservation re-appeared. Not sure what happeded.Next morning, we wanted to have breakfast (included) but only some apples, bread and muffins were served. I asked one guy at the frontdesk about butter but he responded: no butter, no... I guess he doesn't speak English.Later, at 11:00 we got a phone call from frontdesk Hey, you staying? if not, checkout, 11:00 o'clock, bye -- hehe, wow. And it doesn't end there, 'cause 10 min later one guy knocked the door and walked in when I opended... hahaha... wow! my girldfriend was so upset she got into the bathroom to avoid the guy.the guy checked for the TV remote, check on the fridge and even look over the sheets of the bed (can you believe it? and we were still there!!)So, if you are staying in Downton Seattle, I recommend going to The Moore (european style, but closer to downtown) or pay a few more bucks and stay at the Travelers Inn or Days Inn, not this pseudo-hotel... you don't deserve this.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>woshos
<Content>Terrible Service! We arrived at the hotel only to find out that they had overbooked and had canceled our reservation. The front desk lady was impatient and rude. We were never informed of the cancellation until we showed up in person, but the lady didn't even offer to help us find another hotel. It was probably for the better because the place looked like a dump, and the construction made it even worse. The walls and floors were all torn up, there was no reception area left. The lady didn't care about our situation and was unwilling to help us find another hotel for the weekend. We had to call a dozen hotels on our own before we found one with availability. It caused a lot of unecessary stress, and we weren't able to get to the Mariner's game as early as we should have.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>canadian_traveller85
<Content>Seattle鈥檚 Slum Inn Stayed in late October, this hotel completely ruined our weekend, holiday, and entire Seattle experience.To begin, the location made us feel like we should have been working on the adjacent street corner. Dodgy characters, frightening passers-by, and so many prostitutes it may have well just been a brothel.Given the price paid, the quality/cleanliness of the room wasn鈥檛 a complete shock. What really made this awful was the rude, unhelpful and downright cruel attitude of the staff. Immediately upon checking in, we realized we would rather be staying in a tent (as was suggested by another dissatisfied guest in an October 30 review). We called down to inform them of the numerous problems (burnt out lights, drafty windows, filthy bathroom, noise from the freeway, just to name a few) and phoned to complain. Rather than offering any sort of solution, apologizing, or even acknowledging our awful experience, we were met with indignation and rudeness. Nothing was done to remedy our complaints. No other accommodations were available for us in the city, so alas, we were stranded in a weekend of squalor. The Manager was conveniently unavailable throughout the entire stay, and the rest of the interactions with the staff on hand were appalling. More problems with the room presented themselves, including a condom in our nightstand and a crazed out shower head.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>DeaconBlues80
<Content>A terrible experience - Stay anywhere else but here! I stayed here in 2007, and like a lot of other reviewers, I absolutely hated my experience at this hotel.In fact, I despised it with a passion and intensity I didn't think I was capable of.The room I was assigned wasn't terribly bad, though it was far from exceptional.But the guys the reception desk were the rudest, unhelpful, most unncessarily stand-offish hotel staff I've ever dealt with in a long history of staying at hotels. Their dreadful demeanor towards me alone from the moment I checked in accounts for the terrible rating I'm giving this place.A special note: you're in for a lot of grief if you try to book this hotel through an online reservation service.If given the choice between staying in this hotel as the only available option or having to forego a stay in beautiful Seattle, I'd have no choice - but no hesitation, either - about choosing the latter.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MMcCaige07
<Content>Stay in a tent first! This hotel was awful. My boyfriend and I were going for an anniversary weekend; as we aren't 21 yet, it was hard to get a hotel in downtown Seattle. We read the bad reviews, but decided to take a chance as our options were severely limited. The room was on the first floor, opened into a parking lot and the door had at least an inch of clearance from the floor. (this was the 'king suite'!) We had to plug this gap with a towel at night to keep out the loud freeway noise and cold air. The bed was only questionably clean, and some of the lights didn't work. Our biggest problem, however, was with the shower! The water pressure was ridiculously high; if you stood in the spray, the pressure was so bad that it would ricochet off your body and through the curtain, no matter how tightly you closed it. A lot of water ended up on the floor our first morning, and after we dressed we went to inform the man at the front desk. As soon as I began to politely describe the problem, he very loudly interrupted me, telling me that there have never been any complaints such as this before; in my opnion, this indicates that there probably have, but that's just my intuition. He followed us to the room and looked at the bathroom, very loudly and rudely proclaiming that it was all our fault the whole time. He closed the curtain and attempted to demonstrate how the water could be kept in the shower; although water was still coming out (which my boyfriend politely indicated) he refused to acknowledge that and even went so far as to accuse us of doing 'wild things' in the shower!! For the record, shampooing my hair was about as wild as I got in there, and I doubt my boyfriend was doing anything weird during his shower either. We ended up having to pay a fee to clean it up, and I will never stay there again. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>WorldTravellerBC
<Content>Better than expected! I, like other people, read the reviews and was dreading the experience, however, we had no choice as the hotel was pre-paid via Expedia. To my surprise, the room was large, clean, and comfortable, albeit dated. The hallways and staircase smelled but this was not a major issue since they are used only as thoroughfares. The front staff gentleman was helpful as the card-key did not work on the first try - extra pillows were requested and delivered promptly. This is not a luxury hotel but it was better than expected for the price we paid and although there was a fee for parking, it was well worth it given the cost of parking in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>SeattleHopeful
<Content>Location good, hotel bad. We chose this hotel because of it's location (a few blocks from the Space Needle and Seattle Center). The reviews were very bad, but the pictures looked okay and it said the hotel was renovated, so we booked it. The first thing we saw when we pulled in the parking lot were old, used toilets that were sitting out front. Lovely... The room itself wasn't terrible. Everything was old; I'm curious what was renovated if this was supposed to be the after. The refrigerator smelled like something died in it many months ago. The bathroom tile was cracked and rotting. The shower pressure was so hard it burned my skin and flooded the bathroom floor, as there wasn't a proper shower liner, just a curtain. The bed was very uncomfortable. The front desk ladies were nice and helpful, but one of the gentlemen was rather rude. The hotel was prepaid, so we just dealt with it. My advice is that if you want to be close to the Space Needle, book the Quality Inn or Best Western down the street. This just wasn't a comfortable stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>fallenxfate
<Content>Rude and Nasty!! I was at this hotel back in September and everything was fine. But now, I'm not even sure where to begin. This was the worst hotel experience of my life. I made arraingements a month in advance for a discounted room because I would be staying in the area twice a week for the next 7 months. When I arrived at the hotel, I was met by the nastiest man I have ever encountered. I was told that he would not honor my reservation since it had been made by the former manager...He tried to soak me for $139.00 a night for a dump instead of the $89.00 I was promised. He told me if I didn't like it...get out!! Which is exactly what I did. When I arrived home, I found that he had charged my credit card for two nights stay!! Do yourself a favor and skip this experience. The travel lodge up the street is much nicer and know how to treat people. This man should not be allowed to even operate a hotel!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>cascademama
<Content>Much Better than before!! We just relocated back to Seattle and needed affordable accomadations for a few days. We read the reviews and were scared. It was the best value in the area we needed to be, so we booked. The young lady on the phone was very professional. She even helped us with an apartment locator service. We checked in and found the hotel to be under new management. They are currently renovating and getting rid of the ridiculous color it was before (pink,teal and burgandy) The staff was wonderful. The rooms need some minor work but nothing big. They were clean and that was most important.The hotel is 2 blocks from the space needle. We could see it from our room. All and all we had a good experience and would stay there again.I believe the new management really cares about the property and and believe things will only get better.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>buddy5425
<Content>Don't Ever Stay There !!!!!!!!!!!!! Please read the reviews before you book with this hotel. Where do I start , We arrived at front desk to check in and we booked on line and he wanted our credit card again. Husband tried to tell him we are in the wrong room and he was told to be quiet we fix we fix. Haha then we were given our room number on a torn piece of paper. We went to our rooms and they were dirty non smoking but old packages behind end tables and smelled very bad. The bathroom was dirty and tile moldey tub painted to look clean.. Flat king sheets on bed and would not stay on bed. The air conditioner only worked for about 10 minutes at a time vey hot in room. This is a very horrible experience for my husband and our friends. Kande Coulee Dam Wa  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>WashingtonStateSteve
<Content>What A Mess Do yourself a favor...dont stay here! My wife and I were going to a business meeting and after arriving we walked into the hotel only to be met wth a very strong stench of bleach. The hotel lobby is a mess and after checking in and going to our room on a very run down elevator, which there was no inspection tag in, we had a hard time opening our room door. After we opened it we could not get it shut and I mean we slammed it to try and still wouldnt shut. I had to go get the manager and show him and he gave some song and dance. The phone didnt work and management was aware of this. The bathroom looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks. We were told that if we spilled anything on the already stained carpets that our credit card would be charged another $250. The room stunk of bleach so bad that we decided to go up the street to the Quality Inn which we booked a new room. We went back and talked to a nice lady at the desk who was treated like dirt by management. She stated that she could not refund us any part of room charge. I have spoke with the man that runs the hotel. He refuses to refund any money. I will be disputing the charges with my bank and calling every day to get refunded. DONT STAY HERE!!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bozzybarb
<Content>unfriendly and unclean Hotel desk person argumentative. Had one traveler in tears. Room had queen sheets on king bed, didn't stay tucked in. Found trash on the floor from previous guest. Bathroom tiles moldy. Checking out, desk attendant was arguing with another person who was having trouble. Room was across from laundry/maid service and at 6am, the maids were visiting, loudly.Advertised continental breakfast, which was very very minimal.Advertised coffee pot in room. Was none.At least the TV worked!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kendalSaskatoon
<Content>Horror Story Do not stay at this hotel. Aside from the overall rundown condition, the room was filthy (dirty carpet and mold in bath surround). Management was uncooperative and combative when dealing with even the smallest issue such as an extra towel (only two being provided for a group of four guests). I witnessed several situations when guests were arguing with management. To add insult to injury, I was double-charged on my visa bill for the experience! Do not stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>larrydogz
<Content>TERRIBLE SERVICE/ UNETHICAL BUSINESS My stay at this hotel was not all together terrible. But not pleasant, especially considering it is pricey for a what amounts to a Red Roof Inn. It feels like you are in half-way house with the amount of rules and regulations posted everywhere, it is very loud with a major highway just feet (literally) away and the hotel was torn apart due to renovation. I knew I had mande a mistake the minute I arrived. i had stayed at other inexpensive Seattle hotels before and had very good luck. Anyway, the real problem i encontered was a misc $50 charge on my card. i called the hotel and the owner/ manager told me he would look into it and call me back. An hour went by. Now, i don't know about you but when there is a $50 charge that was not authorized on my bill, i want to know what it is right away. I called back and he told me that he was busy and would get back to me the next morning. NO CALL. I called back. He became very agitated and told me that it would be... the following week until he could look it up. Now how ridiculous is that? He then hung up on me. i called back immediately very upset and told him i wanted answers now. He responded to that by saying, I will do nothing. The charge stands.You go ahead and give him your credit card. GOOD LUCK!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FluffyChicken
<Content>Nothing like what I expected! I read the reviews before I went to stay in the hotel and to be honest i was so scared about what I was facing! However when I got to the hotel the lady on reception was really lovely. She took a detailed massage from my friend whose plane was delayed as the room was booked in his name. I was worried about checking in alone after reading the reviews but I didnt need to worry so much! On the other hand there was a male receptionist who I thought was rude and unhelpful. He didn't know the area at all and when we wanted a taxi to the airport he called an expensive town car to pick us up. Call a taxi to get to the airport it is much cheaper! The rooms were a good size, bigger than most hotel rooms I have stayed in. The bath was a bit gross which was a major turn off, but the rest of the bathroom was ok. The toilet was clean, if it was dirty I would have been out of there! The room was made up everyday, new towels everyday. The bed was remade everyday too, however I am unsure how often the sheets were changed! The breakfast was so so so bad I did not eat it. There were no tables, plates etc. You had to stand in the reception next to builders. I wasnt missing out on much either the food didnt look too great!The location was the reason I stayed there. Everything was within walking distance, Space Needle, Key Arena, The Science Fiction Museum, Downtown all within a 5 minute walk. There was no need to drive anywere. Overall it is not a hotel to go to if you are planning a romantic break! Its a place to stay if you intend to make the most of Seattle. If I was to go back to Seattle to do some sightseeing again I would stay there. If I was going to Seattle for a romantic weekend where I didnt leave the hotel much I woudl go somewhere better!Its a fine place for people on a bugdet, students etc and my experience there was nothing like the reviews I read.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ambernty
<Content>Will never stay again! Very terrible customer service. Pictures on website are miss advertising. We were told we would have a pool and hot tub only to find out that they are both too dirty to open and they said they had been waiting on a pool cleaner for a couple of weeks. Ya right! We should have been told that in the fist place. Our room was filthy. Sheets looked like they hadn't been changes and whole room was full of dust. Bathtub had shaving trimmings all over. Our remote to our TV would not work and they could not find one that did. THere ice machine did not work. There complimentary continental breakfast was a little muffin and homemade juice that tasted like crap. When we expressed all these issues with the motel owner. His exact works were  that's your opinion, it doesn' t mattter we have 50 rooms full and 1 or 2 complaints so it's ok what kind of customer service is that!. We will never stay nor reccoment this motel to anybody. Prices are not that great either could find alot better for the price. Don't stay here you will be very unsatisfied!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Savvy-60
<Content>Night 1 - No A.C.; night 2 - new room smelled of urine This was the worst hotel I ever stayed in. The staff bickered at the front desk and gave people a hard time over the phone while patrons were standing in front of them.My first night, I had no functioning air conditioning or ventilating of any kind and it was a HOT night. My room was stiffling. I asked to be moved but they claimed they had no other room available. I had to take cold showers during the night and hardly slept.I moved without assistance late afternoon on the second day. The new room had functioning HVAC but was grimy and the carpet wreaked of urine. I was repulsed but didn't have the energy for another battle. Seeing the room rateds now on this website I realize I was really taken to the cleaners. I paid $600 to an online booking service for these 4 miserable nights.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>discofox
<Content>Great deal for this price I stayed at this hotel for a few days as a little vacation. At first I was nervous because I read some bad reviews of this place online, but the price was great for a student so I decided to stay. I arrived early from the airport and couldn't check in yet because it was so early, but they held my bags for me and gave me a walking map so I could go visit the nearby Space Needle and Experience Music Project. The location of this hotel is amazing, right by everything I wanted to see! I didn't realize until I checked in, but they have a free continential breakfast in the morning with great muffins, bagels, fresh fruit, juice, and coffee/tea. The staff was friendly and helpful and answered all my questions. They even called another room above mine where the guests were being too loud for me to sleep and asked them to be quiet. I appreciated their help so much, I'll certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>kippybrown
<Content>I had a good stay Not that bad. I read the reviews AFTER I stayed there - had I read them before I would have avoided the Seattle Pacific Hotel. I have stayed in a lot top-end hotels and if you are after that experience, this isn't the hotel for you. But the rooms were clean, the price was great and the location was awesome.The clientele seemed to be mostly young people, an budget travellers. No one too sketchy.Some problems to expect:The room had a funky locking system, however. You had to insert your card into the door after leaving your room to lock it. No one told us that, we learned our second day there.There were some prostitutes advertising on the highway on the highway outside the hotel. I'll let you decide if this is a problem.You can't turn into the hotel if you are on the wrong side of the highway due to a media. There won't be a left turn for miles. So turn right and figure out a different route to the hotel.WiFi connection is pretty weak. But if you are staying there on a business trip, you're company is cheap. :0)----------------------It's a dive hotel - but I expected a dive hotel. But it wasn't a scary dive hotel and the staff were accomodating every time we dealt with them.I wouldn't want to spend a week there but it's perfect for a weekend in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>honaink
<Content>Terrible customer service and low quality room I was very disappointed with my stay at Seattle Pacific Hotel. My prime frustration was customer service well actually lack of customer service. I felt that staff was not interested in taking care of guests.I would say that the rooms were ok but my room was very noisy becuase of the cars going by.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmter75
<Content>Less than accomodating I booked the hotel a week in advance on priceline, received a confirmation, printed out the confirmation and showed up at the hotel. I was promptly told that 'we don't honor that' and that 'if we have no rooms available, we don't care' as I was asking if they could help or look to see what they could do for us. The location was right on top of the expressway, the only way to access the place was if you were on the correct side of the street (as there's no real exit for miles), and once there, they were really quite rude. After standing in their lobby making plans at our backup hotel, they informed us that maybe they could do something, but not the same type of room, and for much higher prices. We ran and I suggest you do the same.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>1	3	-1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>James_Nieuwenhuis
<Content>Don't do it! So I read all the reviews on this website and felt a little nervous about booking a room at the Seattle Pacific Hotel, but the price for the location was unbeatable, and I thought it can't really be that shady, how they would still be in business? Well, I was wrong. I went ahead and booked a room through a travel website that explicitly stated there would be no charges before check-in. A week later I'm looking at my credit card activity online, and sure enough, the hotel already billed me the cost of my stay. I called the hotel, politely asking whether they had possibly made a mistake and billed me in advance. The gentleman on the other line raised his voice at me, saying they never charge people in advance, it's the travel website's fault, I need to contact them. I replied that my credit card activity clearly stated that the charge came from the Seattle Pacific Hotel, that there was no way the hotel website could bill me in the hotel's name, and whether he could please check on this. He responded even more rudely that he already told me they never bill anyone before check-in, he would charge my credit card when I arrived regardless, and that he couldn't help me. Not knowing what else to do, and not wanting to pay twice, I contacted the helpdesk of the travel website to clear it up. A week later, finally, the money has been credited back to my account, and I've booked a room somewhere else. If you're like me and think bad things tend to happen to other peple rather than yourself, think again before you book a room at this hotel -- or they might just scam you out of your money. I can't believe people like this stay in business!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal for the area After reading some of the previous reviews of this hotel, I have to say I was quite scared of what I might find. I was very pleasantly surprised. The bookings went smoothly, check-in and express check-out were both quick and painless. The staff working were all very friendly and were helpful in recommending restaurants and attractions. The room (2 double beds) wasn't anything fancy, but did include a mini-fridge, coffeemaker and was clean with comfortable beds. The bathroom was clean, although the paint on the tub was peeling and the showerhead was like a powerwasher - way too much water pressure. The outdoor pool and hottub were small but perfect for a quick swim to cool off. The area was great, we could see the Space Needle from our window. All attractions were within walking distance. All in all, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Do Not Stay Here!!! Knowing that this hotel was cheap for the area I expected basically a mostly clean but shabby hotel. Boy was I wrong. I agree with other reviewers that the place is filthy, and even at their current rates, grossly overpriced. We arrived at our room to find a bag of dirty towels outside our room door, and a pile of maybe broken AC units (I can't be sure what they were) stacked beside the door. The room was pretty stinky and dirty, but we figured we wouldn't be there much since we would be out sightseing. No big probems the first night, although, when we went to check out the breakfast offerings they advertised. we found cheap muffins actually cut in half, and a meager amount too. The ironing board we asked for had not been located, but we made do.On the second night however things started to go even worse. My son (4) actually picked a DIRTY NEEDLE from under the TV corner. My husband immediately took it away, and informed the front desk. Imagine for a second that my husband had not intercepted, and feel a shiver run down your spine. While the lady at the desk called the manager, we proceeded to check the room for more hazards since we had 2 small children with us. Upon lifting one of the mattresses, the headboard fell off the wall. We checked the other 2 to see if they were secure, and after feeling confident that our kids would not encounter any other dangers, my husband went back to the front desk to see what the manager had to say. The clerk told us we were offered 10 % off the room. Offended by this offer my husband came back to the room having been told to speak with the manager personally in the morning. We considered leaving, but it was late in the evening, and we were afraid we wouldn't find anywhere to stay. Not to mention the fact that they charge a full nights pay if you don't cancel 48 hours in advance.In the morning the manager would not budge telling my husband we were lucky to get the hotel rate in the first place. Hmmm, $140 for our son to come in contact with a dirty needle! Sounds like a deal right? We went about inquring how we could contest the charges to our credit card, and when we discreetly gave the manager a letter detailing our dissatisfaction, he proceeded to yell and point saying I offered you 10%, now you get nothing! and, I give you $1000 if you get a penny back. How about you? Will you give me $1000? At this point my husband realized that the conversation had degraded beyond hope, and left.Please, please do not stay here. We now realize it would have been far better to spend a little more on a reliable place.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My WORST hotel experience EVER! I recently had the marked misfortune of staying at the Vagabond Inn (Also known as the Seattle Pacific Inn 鈥?why does a hotel need an alias???) at 325 Aurora Ave N, Seattle with my wife and a close friend.  From the very beginning it was a fiasco. We made reservations online for three adults but when we arrived we had been assigned a room with a single queen sized bed. We finally got that straightened out and were then given a room with two double beds. Going to the room, we couldn鈥檛 help but notice the unpleasant smells in the hallways and that the dirty, creaky elevator had no inspection certificate.  When we got into the room and started to settle in we discovered that the bathroom sink drained VERY slowly and that the bathroom itself was absolutely FILTHY. The carpet was very dirty and evidently hadn鈥檛 been vacuumed for at least one day 鈥?possibly more.  We found that there was only one set of towels, and though we made a very pointed request for sufficient towels during our stay, it never happened.  We loaded our food into the refrigerator which was connected to the wall outlet in a veritable octopus of wiring along with the TV, the lamp, the coffee maker and a couple other items connecting to a single, two slot outlet. We also found this to be the case when we moved to another room later.  When we had been in the room for a half hour or so I went to the refrigerator only to find that it wasn鈥檛 working. I went back down to the front desk to insist on another room and was finally given the room next door. We transferred all of our belongings to that room and, after making sure that the refrigerator worked, we loaded all of our food into it and went to bed for the night. The next morning, I decided to make coffee. I filled the coffee pot with water and went to the machine to load it with coffee and water. When I pulled out the top portion in order to load it with coffee I was greeted by a desiccated coffee pouch deeply covered in blue-green fuzzy MOLD. I should mention here that every horizontal surface in both rooms were covered in dust deep enough to easily write in. Back down to the front desk where I once again did verbal battle with a clerk who barely understood or spoke English. I showed him the moldy coffee machine and demanded a different one. After quite some time, he showed up at my room with another coffee machine. I looked inside where the coffee packet would go and found it had an oily sheen, as though it had been sprayed with disinfectant or something. Naturally, it was unusable as well. The next day, thankfully our last in this pit, we found that when we returned from our business meeting the hallways reeked of Clorox and Pine Sol. I believe that the mold and my strong complaint scared them into thinking that I might complain to the health department, which I fully intend to do.  The bathroom floors were NEVER mopped during our three day stay and were filthy when we arrived. The carpets were NEVER vacuumed, and dirty towels were simply hung back up for re-use. This would be a WONDERFUL place to send your worst enemy. For me, I鈥檒l NEVER stay there again. The major difference between this 鈥業nn鈥?and a flophouse is the cost. And speaking of cost, they will charge you $5 a night to park in their very insecure parking lot as well.Rev. Doug Ward  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't go there! When we arrived the ceiling in the lobby was falling down, mold and mildew everywhere, including the hallway and room. The pool was rough on the bottom and my 8 year old daughter cut her toe while in pool. Does not look like picture!! We had four day reservations, we stayed one night. Left grossed out the next day. We did get our money back from reservation easily. There were drugged out low lifes everywhere. Don't stay here!!!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>daniellemet
<Content>Probably WONT stay here again The email I sent to Vagabond Inn: We stayed at the Vagabond Inn in Seattle, WA at 325 Aurora Ave. 'N' September 9-11, 2005. I realize that we weren't paying for deluxe accommodations, and it was a wonder we were able to find any place with vacancy near downtown where we wanted to be located, for the money we were able to spend, but with that said, we probably wont ever stay there again. Next time I will spend the extra money for a nicer, cleaner hotel. I didn't leave the Guest Card in the room, but here are my comments that I wrote in it: How did you enjoy your stay? A-F grading scale: D-FHave you stayed at this hotel before? NoReason for trip: Business  Personal/PleasureWould you stay at this property again? Not if I have to pay for it.Hotel Appearance - Exterior - A-F: DHotel Appearance - Interior - A-F: CHotel Staff - Friendliness: B minus, except for the girl with dark curly hair, she was very nice and helpful. Hotel Staff - Efficiency: same.Although the clerk on shift Sept. 9 around 3 p.m. was friendly checking us in, later when I asked if there was a room with internet service, she seemed ANNOYED that she had to even check. I needed it for business purposes, and I did not want to sit in the lobby while guests are checking in and out, trying to work. Guest Room - Cleanliness: CGuest Room - Appearance: B Bathroom - Cleanliness: DBathroom - Appearance: CWhy did the counter in the bathroom slope downward? It was very frustrating trying to get ready each day with our belongings ROLLING off the counter. Most counters are level. Comments: Before I made reservations, I confirmed that the hotel had wireless access. Our room did not. When I called to check on it, the clerk told us that we were put in a room that was too far from the signal. We were unable to use our laptop in the room, which we specifically brought to check finances and move finances so that we were sure to have enough money for our trip. I was also unable to check in on my company at home, or check e-mail in the comfort of our room.Your beds were the MOST UNCOMFORTABLE beds I have EVER slept (or LACK THEREOF) on in my LIFE. They felt like cement blocks. Granted, some people like firm beds, but these were beyond firm. I already have back problems with a slight spine curvature (very painful), and your beds only made it hurt more, plus I was so tired the whole weekend from lack of sleep because of the beds. It's difficult to fit a lot into your schedule in Seattle when you only have 1 full day, and 2 additional days where you have to fit in a 5 hour drive each day to get to and from home. Our 13 year old son kept asking us to go swimming, so when we finally decided that we had time, I called the front desk to ask what time the pool/hot tub closed, however, the clerk said that the pool was being drained, and not available for guest use. We were all VERY disappointed, especially my son.The towels in the bathroom were dirty. They smelled like 'bleach', but they had black smudges or stains all over them, as well as black hairs stuck in them!!! I would suggest buying some nice new towels for your guests. They also felt like sandpaper. Maybe housekeeping should use fabric softener????One evening I needed to wash a couple pieces of clothing. Your web site states that Onsite Laundry Facilites (which is mispelt on your web page) are available. These 'on-site laundry facilities' were all the way outside, the door took the clerk 5 minutes to unlock (NOT HER FAULT, SHE WAS VERY HELPFUL, BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD CALL A LOCKSMITH AND INSTALL ONE THAT WORKS), and one washer and one washer was available, in a closet type space, and was extremely dirty. We had to unplug the outside vending machines the whole time that we were using the washer and dryer or it would trip a breaker?!! That is a clear indication that your hotel must not meet electrical code. Your web site, which is how I found you, specifically and CLEARLY states FREE PARKING! But we had to pay $5.00 per night IN ADDITION to our hotel room, which ended up NOT including in-room wireless internet, a pool OR A HOT TUB!! If anything, I would sincerely appreciate the parking fees deducted from our stay.Date of Stay: 9/9/05-9/11/05I would appreciate a response via email. Thank you.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good enough We had already checked about five motels in the area of the Space Needle; all were either sold out or about $35-40/night more than the Vagabond Inn. We saw the 'vacancy sign, and pulled in. The young woman at the desk was courteous and helpful. We registered for one night, but ended up staying for two. Parking costs $10/day, but so does parking in the City, so we just left our car and walked. And unlike parking lots, you can come and go as many times a day as you want. The room was a bit dreary, but adequate, with TV, refrigerator and microwave. All worked as they should. Someone else wrote in TripAdvisor that the bathroom floor was sticky, but it seemed to me that that was due to adhesive left over when some floor coverning was removed. The bath was clean and the shower worked fine. The complimentary continental breakfast in the small lobby comprised juice or bananas, excellent blueberry muffins, and coffee. One computer was available for free in the lobby for e-mails and Internet, and the wireless Internet in the lobby worked without a hitch. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to my budget-conscious friends, but I would also suggest that they read the other Tripadvisor reviews.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel We also had a reservation through expedia at the Vagabond (with a confirmation #) and arrived Friday Sept. 2nd to find a lobby full of angry people who also had reservations and had been told there were no rooms available. The manager was rude to everyone. After contacting expedia we were all transferred to another hotel. The other hotel was nicer but charged $21 US a night for parking. The whole thing took hours and we missed half a day of the music festival we had come to see.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>scam artist hotel My daughter attempted to stay at the Seattle Vagabond with a couple friends.First the hotel did a bait and switch losing their expedia reservation, but offering a more expensive room. While my daughter was standing firm on this and trying to get it cleared up, SIX other people came in with the same problem. Since my daughter wouldn't just buckle under and pay more, the manager had her car towed while she was in the lobby trying work it out. The manager then went home for the rest of the weekend when they and finally we (her parents) tried to get it ALL straightened out. So it ruined a bunch of peoples' weekend, and we got stuck with the towing and impoundment charge. Even one of the employees said he has never seen the scams of room problems and towing he has seen at this place, in several hotels he has worked at. The attitude of all but one person was downright rude and we never were able to talk with the manager, who apparently takes the whole weekend off. Its a scummy fleabag of a hotel too. My daughter was probably lucky and got off cheap, avoiding sleeping in such a creepy place. Avoid at all costs!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why call ahead and reserve when they don't give you what they said they would? I didn't actually stay but am so mad I can hardly see straight. I called to confirm our over the phone reservations I'd made despite hesitation from these reviews. When I booked I talked to Marilyn who assured us an updated room, newer beadspreads and facing the space needle w/an actual room #. When I called 5 days prior to the date of reservation, thank God I did, was told by a heavy accented man they do not guarantee rooms because somebody might be staying in it. Yea like me. Isn't that one of the reasons you make reservations? He said I just cancell you right now So I let him because I felt I was taking a big risk by staying there in the first place. He was a very bad customer service person. I will be writing again if he charges my credit card because he has all my information.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tub floor falling apart with waterproof tapes to patch up! Very dirty, from the carpet to the bed. If you are a very tired traveller who just need a bed to sleep in to make it through the night without bothering to shower at all, this is your place. The tub was falling apart, I have to buy shower slippers before I had the courage to step on it. The bathroom floor feels sticky, the carpet feels mucky. Good luck too trying to reach the front desk for anything! And they don't have internet access from the room as advertised! They have wi-fi connection only if you're at the lobby. As I've said, don't come here unless you badly needed a roof on top of your head.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tomol
<Content>Don't Book from the Web Would have written a review for this hotel if we had actually been able to stay here. Booked this hotel through the web but were told we were double booked on arrival and that they would not offer an alternative. The staff were abrupt and unhelpful and insisted on passing the blame onto the agent.We were unable to contact the hotel, to confirm the booking prior to arrival, using either of the telephone numbers supplied by their websites. Instead we stayed at the Ramada on the north side of town which was a bit of a treck into town but the ran a courtesy bus and were courteous and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Puppy_raisers
<Content>Never stay here! Whew, this place was bad. The pool had such a scum on it that I wouldn't let my kids in it, the whole place smelled, and in the middle of the night drunken guests called my room and made obscene comments. I was literally scared of this place, and when I reported it to the desk, they just said they couldn't stop the calls because they were coming from within the building. Sounds like the beginning of a teen horror movie, doesn't it?  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Bad Service This hotel has the worst service. Even though it is in near downtown I would strongly suggest you stay somewhere else where they treat you with respectful service. The price is cheap and thats the service you will get.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, cold room; rude owner I found out bit by bit that the room hadn鈥檛 been cleaned properly. First I noticed the bathtub wasn鈥檛 clean, then the closet, then the coffee maker.At night the room was really cold.The manager or owner phoned me 25 minutes before check-out time and tried to berate me, implying that I wouldn鈥檛 leave on time without his harangue. The other staff are okay, but this guy has some weird ideas about customer relations.I won鈥檛 be back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nativeguide
<Content>A good value for $69 My family (of 3) stayed at the Vagabond in late June 2004 and found it a decent place for the price. The tub was peeling because a former owner had painted it, but otherwise everything worked. The air conditioning unit drowned out the street noises, so we had no trouble sleeping. There was some confusion about the price, since the phone reservation people quoted me a price of $69 and the receptionist had it as $79, but the night clerk was able to fix the problem. The location was near public transportation and three blocks from the Space Needle. We spent most of our time outside the hotel, so we didn't care what the hall carpet looked like. With other hotels downtown starting at $125 and up, we thought we got what we paid for.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad   showReview(2605112, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mean, nasty management   showReview(2303054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeff78
<Content>You get what you pay for.   showReview(1683210, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible! Use at own risk!   showReview(1626064, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a terrible experience   showReview(1276708, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Management   showReview(1270053, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I recommend this place!!!   showReview(908880, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trafficmaven
<Content>Dump!   showReview(908618, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>overbooked!!!   showReview(646418, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde ich jederzeit wieder w盲hlen!   showReview(19629904, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

