<Author>TravelOverTheWorld
<Content>Way overrated I completely agree with the previous post - I was there over the New Year holiday and I cannot recommend this hotel until their rate drops to $495 a night.It's highway robbery here - and I have stayed in the most prestigious hotels in the world:* Ritz Carlton's in Berlin, Tokyo, Beijing, New York to name a few* Plaza New York* Raffles Singapore* Dorchester  Lanesborough - London* Peninsular - Hong KongThis hotel does not even come close. They charge and charge and charge you for every morsel. Try asking for extra juice at breakfast - its 22 euros!!!!! about $30 for an extra 6 oz of juice????That is just the brginning - there is so much more to say about the high pricing - sterile attitude and pretensious management attitudes which do not make for a fine hotel. The room and the beds are beautiful but this hotel does NOT have a Parisien feel at all. It amazes me that it gets these reviews ( they must all be over 70 years old and don't travel much).If you want to be hunkered down in a bubble - where no one bothers you and you don't care about the true Parisien lifestyle - sure - stay here. Make sure you re-finance your home, sell your car and bring lots of cash for the many employees who are grateful for their $20 tips all day. After all - its not the staff's fault - but the management that is lacking here. No department talks to the other. The only answer you get is: I will call them and let them know If you are paying these rates - you should make sure management does their job- make sure you check your bill, make sure they do turn down ( they missed it one day) and make sure you stay in your room all day to enjoy the $60 an hour rates.I just don't get it - what makes this hotel any better than my $395 Ritz Carlton stay in Berlin??? Nothing.Spend your money. They will gladly take it ( all ) from you - with a yes we understand attitude. No other efforts are made to compensate you for all the mismanagement - and poor valueat this overrated property. I realy could care less about celebrities - I have a far better life than they do.What I require is service and value - I will gladly spend the $1500 an night - but don't give me $300 worth of service.For all the missed requests, mis mangement, overcharhing and other problems they should have comp'd me a night or more - not here - no such offer from a truly fine hotel.Have fun spending your hard earned money - I'll bet you wont be back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	1	4	4	4	3	1	2	

<Author>SpauldingRI
<Content>Commedy of Errors We stayed at The Four Seasons George V last week over The New Years Holiday for six nights. First the good news, The Aesthetics of this Property are beautiful. I give Jeff Latham a lot of credit. Here is the unfortunate news, this hotel is not worth one dime over $500.00 a night. A Hotel that charges $1500.00 dollars a night needs to pay much more attention to details. A few examples would be the linens are not that great as a true luxury hotel uses Frette Sheets, Not here. A Luxury Hotel provides water at turn down service. Not here, they want you to pay extra for water at $1500.00 a night. Room service was constantly forgetting details of our breakfast order and God forbid you would like an extra piece of bread as this hotel will charge you for it. The Towels are not in good condition and they are not even monogramed. One Vodka and Orange Juice will cost you $38.00 American Dollars. Get the picture. The staff are polite but in a robotic manner as to suggest give us as much of your money as possible and we will put up with you. I can understand why celebrities stay here because the property is very descreet and movie stars have there own staff and do not have to rely on the hotel for services. In the final analysis I would really think twice about residing here for a week like I did as the bill at checkout was almost $12,000.00 and I felt as if the staff were completely cold and unfriendly. If your going to Paris stay at Le Grand Inter-Continental and save yourself a small fortune and the staff may actually care about you as well.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	1	3	5	5	2	3	2	

<Author>SamaJones
<Content>Splendid! My husband took me away to Paris and the George V for my 30th Birthday and what a treat it was! Everything about this hotel screams luxury but unlike some smart hotels where the 'younger' traveller can feel like they shouldn't be there without their parents, the George was completely welcoming. From the doormen who were as courteous and helpful to us climbing out of a rather battered Citro毛n taxi as they were to the German couple climbing out the Bentley before us, to the receptionist who took us up to our room himself. As my husband had mentioned the stay was for my birthday when he booked online, there was a bottle of champagne and a beautiful Parisian cake. The room was sumptuous and extremely comfortable without being stiff. All mod cons including a fabulous flat screen TV, DVD player and Bose sound dock. The bed was second only to our piece of heaven at home (and we spent a lot of time in it!). The bathroom was beautifully appointed with 2 basins, a short but wide bath and a separate double shower with Bulgari products.My husband had booked us in for the spa package which included the American breakfast (one of which we had in our room also included) and two 1 hour spa treatments a day. The spa was beautiful, with a mid sized pool and large Jacuzzi, the steam room and saunas were in the changing rooms. There seemed to be many beauticians though they just seemed to appear from nowhere! Being an avid spa-ist I can reliably say they were extremely good (though so they should be at the price!) They use only natural products to which they have converted me to.All in all, the break was a birthday to remember and I would love to go back some day; the hotel should be very proud of the service they give and how they look after their guests, it was sublime!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lucy_Jones
<Content>Simply amazing This hotel is just amazing - believe the hype! Everything there is perfect and the staff are all complete professionals. Our room (we were lucky enough to get an upgrade) was fantastic, as was the food and the location. Be prepared for the prices though - everything is quite expensive.....but you get what you pay for!! In one word - wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JGLKI
<Content>As good as it gets! We've been to Paris on a number of occasions for short breaks and usually stay at mid-range hotels, however we decided to splash out this time and stayed at the George V.We have been fortunate to stay at numerous world famous 5-start hotels in Europe, Africa, North America and throughout Asia and I have to say that the George V is in a league of its own. The whole package including accommodation, service and food are excellent. The staff make you feel special from the moment you approach the front door. Of all the grandeur of the place it is still the attentive staff that take it to the next level and make it that bit extra special.I would agree with previous reports that staying in this hotel can deter you from wanting to explore the magnificent city of Paris as we just wanted to stay in the hotel all the time and spoil ourselves. The problem now is that Paris will never be the same again if we stay elsewhere!Expensive place but we certainly thought it was worth it and will cherish the memories for a long time.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hesmo
<Content>Great quality and celebs too! Fantastic quality. We stayed just before Christmas 2007 and loved the whole experience. Of the three nights we were there the plan was to eat at The Cinq one night only, but the food was so good and the service fantastic so we went there every night. Oh and while we were there so was Will Smith!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DELHIGURU
<Content>This George is V out of V I was on a 2 day trip to Paris and decided to stay at the George V. I can categorically say this is the best luxurious hotel in Paris, beating its competitors like Crillion hands down. The rooms are great, the service was even better and attention to detail was very good. A case in point was housekeeping. In which hotel would you find tht after you have ome back to your room, the cleaninglady had hung all your jackets in the closet neatly so that there was no mess in the room. If you can afford it or are in the mood to splurge for a day or two, then certainly this is the place to stay in Paris  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ChiefWeasel
<Content>Luxury!       Breakfast for one  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LovemyAcura
<Content>Far exceeded our expectations Wonderful experience from the Meet and Greet service at the airport to the day we left. The suite was spacious, quiet, and even had a doorbell! Room service was elegant where the drinks were served, the table arranged to our satisfaction, and the napkin placed in our lap! We had arranged for the bed and breakfast which normally is limited to certain hours at other hotels. Well, due to our schedule we weren't always ready for breakfast in the morning and were informed that we could have our breakfast at any hour of the day. Maid service is twice a day. In the morning they come to make up the room and freshen up the room. In the evening two people arrived to turn down the bed, freshen up the room, and offer their service for anything we might need. We were surprised to find several tv channels in English - much appreciated by my hubby and the fact that our American elections were underway. The concierage was invaluable when it came to making dinner reservations. It didn't matter where we wanted to go, they seemed to have the pull to not only get us in at the last min. but arrange for the perfect table. We were in Paris to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary. When we first went to the suite we were surprised to find a full bottle of champaigne, and the large fruit torte with a note from the hotel congratulating us and thanking us for staying with them. Thereafter each day we came home to find a different treat and drink from the hotel with a note saying that they hoped we were enjoying our visit! Dinner at Le Cinq was exquisite and reviewed in the restaurant reviews on here. We found everyone who worked there to speak English fluently, be very friendly, and willing to help in any way they could. There was only one area that they disappointed - that would be with tours via the concierge. He only had one tour company using vans that he seemed willing to discuss. Luckily I had done my research ahead of time and knew others to call.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mktozd1
<Content>The absolute best in Paris....and the World When you think of superlatives for hotels, George V defines them from the perspective of food, service, facilities and location. From the moment you arrive, you will know that you made the right choice. Everything that you eat during your visit in the best in class. Even the cheapest room is very nicely done. Some of our favorites included:* The restaurant in the courtyard* High tea in the afternoon* Complimentary shoe shine service* Marble in the bathroom* THE most comfortable beds in the world* The french fries are the best in the world as is almost everything. While it is a lot of money, you will never regret staying here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jgm2
<Content>Cheap at twice the price. The George V is so good that you can't even be bothered to leave the hotel to visit Paris. Which is just outside the door.Need a dinner reservation at another difficult to access restaurant? Have a word with the concierge. Skip the queues for the Louvre? Get pre-bought tickets from the concierge...I'm a bit 'careful' with money. I'll park a mile away to save a couple of quid on parking. I bought an electric clippers and cut my own hair. My wardrobe consists of company T-shirts and jeans.But occasionally I have brought to my attention items that appear expensive but are actually terrific value. Bargains in fact. So, for example, the Mercedes SL55 with AMG tuning. Costs the fat end of 100K. Absolute bargain. Fantastic. Is it it ten times better than a car costing 10k? No. It's a hundred times better.Same with George V. We've stayed there a few times and it just gets better. How is that possible? Costs a fortune. But still an absolute bargain. Gone kid friendly so kids get tours of back-stage ie kitchens, house-keeping etc. Tag along. Bring your camera.Kids even get pastry lesson with pastry chef. Gratis. Two Michelin star restaurant and they find time to knock out Madeleines with the kids.My wife's favourite hotel in the whole world.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ca212
<Content>Amazing! Quite simply the greatest hotel in the world. I've traveled to 6 continents and stayed at over 75 5star hotels and this is in the top 3. I went for my honeymoon and everything was perfect. I still dream about the chocolate croissants.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TorontoGuy
<Content>George V is amazing, with awesome comfort and service and location       robes, and door to toilet  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bule1101
<Content>Very good indeed Well I was expecting much, and the hotel delivered. It is very very good. The rooms are huge by Paris standards, with excellent bathrooms and amenities. Food was amazing in every way, especially room service.The service was also great, it might not be as nice as in Asia or the US but as Paris goes it is unbelieveable. Everyone spoke english and was curtious.The Spa is also very good, with a pool and jacuzzi as well as a steam and sauna room. It is not a usual thing to find such a nice and relaxing spa in a city hotel.The location is also great, second to none, on the shopping mile and only a few steps away from the Champs.The best choice in Paris by far  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timtamDublin
<Content>loved the hotel, but for the price I'd better have Very good hotel but for the price my boyfriend could have bought me a car. Nice treat for my 30th Birthday.Rooms were excellent but service was a little cold but its France.Paris is the home of love but in the films sitting in a restaurant alone looks romantic, not so much in real life.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>busybee9
<Content>A bit expensive, but hey - it's Paris - enjoy it!       King bed  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calisunkid
<Content>Great attention and extravagant First let me start by saying you should expect very high prices for a five star hotel in Paris. If you can get by the very high price then definitely stay here. The attention to detail is very sharp and the staff is some of the best I have ever encountered. Nothing is out of reach and they will take care of most anything for you. Once again I tend to avoid 5 star hotel restaurants because there are much cheaper places in Paris that are simply amazing. If you really want to a fine dining experience and money is no object, book well in advance at the La Tour d'Argent. You will be treated to views that will bring tears to your eyes why you enjoy some of the most excellent food on earth. Not to take away from the hotel though, it is always a pleasure to stay there. Never have I had a bad experience. The French can sometimes seem curt to Americans but not here, you are greeted like an old friend with genuine kindness. The suite was very nice with a walk in closet and a very relaxing bath that seems to melt away your stress. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Virs
<Content>One of the best hotels in the world Ive travelled quite a bit in 5* hotels around the world - George V is in my opinion one of the best out there. First time I ever set foot there was on business, I arrived at 10pm on Thursday night, went straight to my room. At 7am on the following morning, in the elevator on my down to breakfast, the hotel staff greeted me by my name. I was speachless!The decor is superb, apparently they spend 鈧?00,000 per week on flowers alone... And it shows. Staff is attentive and knowledgable, quality is faultless. The bar serves great cocktails, they have special martini glasses where the cone-shapped glass sits in ice to keep the drink fresh.Truly one of the best hotels in the world in my opinion. Shows what the French can do when they put their minds to it...  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SophieBeaumont
<Content>great food A special place to stay. Cinq food was great as were rooms, spa etc. champagne on arrival a nice touch. A bit out of the way for evenings out Steph Howard Sophie Beaumont Lucie Guiler  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jrc910
<Content>Lovely hotel but would not stay again Positives: Clearly, the Four Seasons George V is among the finest hotels in the world. The hotel is in a wonderful location near the Champs-Elysees, and clearly caters to English-speaking travelers. The decor is extremely elegant -- beautiful flower arrangements, extravagant furniture, and lovely architectural details are abundant. Staff members were polite and very smiley. When we complained of drilling noise during the day, the repairs were quickly halted for the remainder of our stay. Negatives: We stayed in a premier room, which was roomy and nice but not exceptional for the price. Despite the gorgeous decor of the lobbies, the hotel was rather stuffy and outrageously expensive to the point of being ridiculous (two scrambled eggs were 24 euros, a cup of coffee 9 euros). There were some issues with the temperature of the water not getting hot enough and really low water pressure in the shower on a couple of occasions. The concierge service was ok but not fantastic. Bottom line: If don't mind spending exorbitant amounts of money and like very fancy surroundings, definitely stay at this hotel. Unless you are staying in a suite on one of the top floors, make sure to reserve a room overlooking the courtyard, which is lovely, because the views from the other rooms are not very good.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kingsroadgal
<Content>Excellent, but not best in the world for me This is a beautiful hotel with great service, so I do think it deserves a five star rating. I had read so many great reviews of the hotel, that maybe I was setting myself up for disappointment!! I was looking for the ultimate Paris hotel experience, but I'm not sure if I got it. I would definitely stay here again, but my next time in Paris, I might very well try something else.One of the high points of the hotel is its staff. They were generally really helpful and attempted to please. An example of this was the front desk manager. We had booked the top class of double room - the Premier (I think) at about $1500 per night. I was somewhat disappointed as this room was not even located in the hotel, but in adjoining building, connected to the hotel by a long hallway. I didn't feel that the room had a lot of character to it. It was perfectly nice, but just not really special.  I had stayed in the George V prior to it becoming a Four Seasons, and the room we had then had amazing decor, so the Four Seasons corportate look is a bit of a let-down. The front desk manager worked with us over several days to find a better room. Eventually we moved to a superior suite, which was an improvement, and located in the main hotel...although I still felt the decor was a bit lacking, and the suite only had one window for three rooms. Still, I appreciated the effort involved by the front desk manager, and he was a very nice guy.We had similar pleasing experiences with the concierge and the luggage porters.The gym is very nice and very well-equipped in quite a small space. There are two or three elliptical machines, three or four treadmills, and a rowing machine, as well as lots of weight machines and free weights. There are nicely chilled waters and cold scented towels which were very refreshing -- I loved the frangrance of the towels. The pool is nice, but very small, although in Paris, it is a surprise to have a pool at all. The location of the hotel is great, but I do agree with one of the other reviews that the Champs Elysees location is not my favorite. It has improved, I think over the years, and we ate at a number of the restaurants on the boulevard. We especially loved Laduree for breakfast, and Leon, for a great Belgian mussel dinner experience. With the euro exchange rate being what it was during our visit, I did feel that the hotel breakfast was quite highly priced and not worth it.I have stayed at a number of Four Seasons hotels, and I would rank the ones in Istanbul and Tokyo above this one, even though the Paris hotel is very good. Istanbul just had a lot more character -- for instance, canapes were delivered to our room in Istanbul every afternoon. It was wonderful, and the general decor of the rooms was better in my opinion. In Tokyo , the number of amenities in the room was unbelievable -- think combs, brushes, face blotting papers, pajamas, and elastic bands for your hair, and again, I thought the modern decor was memorable. Both the Istanbul and Tokyo properties have such a special flair about them. Apart from Four Seasons hotels, I would also rank a number of properties in Asia over this one....for instance, Raffles in Singapore, the Oriental in Bangkok, and even the Peninsula in Hong Kong deliver a better experience. The George V is great as well, but just failed to deliver that extra touch which really lives in the memory.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>annabellarockefeller
<Content>A truly first class hotel Incredibly beautiful floral displays everywhere, lovely, friendly, smart, helpful staff, a wonderful scent of Bulgari in the air, gorgeous jacuzzi in the spa, complimentary champagne and birthday cakes in our rooms .... I could go on and on. I actually wanted to cry when we left, I have stayed in several five star hotels around the world, but this topped everything (OK, Claridges was amazing too).All I can say is that the bed has to be slept in to be believed. The level of service is outstanding - we had dinner in Le Cinq (the seaweed butter they serve with the bread is one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted) and as I left the table, I asked one of the waiters to point me in the direction of the ladies' room. Rather than tell me, he actually led me there and then opened the door for me to go in. Another time, as I was coming out of a lift with a bag, a member of the hotel staff came up immediately to carry it for me. Our table at dinner was covered with rose petals as it was our birthday. The waiter brought a little footstool for my handbag. Tiny details but the staff make you feel so special and looked after. We overheard the concierge telling a guest that they were a little too early for their room but he gave them a map of Paris, and then asked for their mobile no. so he could ring them immediately it was ready for them. We sat outside in the courtyard with our friends and a member of staff came out to see us; we were laughing and wondered if he was coming to tell us to keep the noise down but he said he was concerned that it had just started to rain and he didn't want us to slip on the shiny courtyard floor!Ridiculously, madly expensive but worth every penny.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelQueenEdinburgh
<Content>The best hotel in the world, without a doubt We just returned from a 2 night visit to the Georges V to celebrate a special wedding anniversary. This hotel is amazing - down to the last detail, you really do get what you pay for. We booked the hotel's car service from the airport and were met by friendly uniformed staff off the plane and escorted to our car. the driver telephoned through so the concierge and receptionist were waiting for us on arrival at the hotel and all were at pains wo wish us a happy anniversary! We arrived very early (10.30 am)but our room was almost ready. We had a lovely breakfast in La Gallerie and were shown up to our room. They had upgraded us from a Premier Room to the French Suite (I don't know quite how we managed this but it was incredible...I was speechless). The suite had it's own kitchen and private bar, dining area, living area, guest bathroom, large king bedroon, large walk in closet and huge bathroom. There was a view of the marble courtyard and a balcony overlooking it. They have their staff engagement down to a fine art at the Four Seasons...the staff are really empowered to look after you and question anything they're not happy with (our waiter in the bar sent back my husband's dish as he wasn't happy with the amount of salad on it and then came to explain and apologise that our food would be another few minutes...amazing). If you leave a magazine or book open in your room the maid will place a marker in it and close it over...lots of little things which show the staff really think about your enjoyment and your experience. Go now....don't worry about the price...and enjoy it...it's the best in the world. Oh, and try the violet martinis in the bar...delicious.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>llamaMamaMarinCounty
<Content>posh but ok for kids Great Four Seasons service, good kid programs, excellent baby sitting service--ask for Agnes Berdugo--main problem is the location--not readily accessible to many tourist sites--closest bus and metro is up on Champs Elysees--which becomes your main source of nearby restaurants and shopping--not my fave part of town. Not really close to parks. Overall however, very plush rooms--we had a two bedroom suite with very fancy livingroom, 2 baths, our own hallway, small but useable kitchen. Staff fully fluent in english but not snobby about speaking french if you are trying!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Salthillhalli
<Content>Flawless! We stayed at the George V for 3 nights in July 2008, it is by all standards spectacular, it has an excellent location just off the Champs Elysee. Upon arrival the service level is second to none, very professional and attentive, the lobby is beautiful, incredible arrangement of flowers. We were personally escorted to our room by the manager on duty, the rooms were spacious (especially considering the size of normal Parisian Hotels), clean and well appointed. The drapes completely blocked out the light (great!), iPod docking station, the beds were so comfortable and the bathroom was a very good size with nice amenities. The hotel provided us with a bottle of Champagne and dessert for my wife's birthday.The staff are extremely professional, they are very customer focused (honestly some of the best that we have encountered anywhere). As we were traveling all day we went to the spa to relax, the staff were very pleasant, all the amenities that you could ask for were present. The only negative for the entire stay was the hot tub which was more lukewarm.The concierge was very helpful and efficient - thoroughly professional. We had lunch at Le Cinq and again service was excellent, attentive yet not stuffy, friendly and engaging. Food was superb, beautiful surroundings, loved the wine list (incredible offerings) however it was so expensive (especially with the dollar - $155.00 for breast of chicken... not kidding). Nice touch of taking our photo (their camera) and had a memento five minutes later in a George V card.Expensive but worth it, overall, wonderful experience!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KeithLafayette
<Content>Amazing (but expensive!)       Suite living room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CPGM
<Content>Fantastic We have stayed here twice and are going again this year as it possibly the best hotel we have stayed in. The location is perfect, the staff are fantastic. Concierge are excellent at finding good restaurants and arranging transport to get to them.Le Cinq is also fabulous and I cant wait to eat there again.It is expensive but you get what you pay for in all areas everytime.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Atozz1
<Content>Worth it - Pampered and Fabulous       lobby  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rawb
<Content>Best Hotel experience of my life... The title of my review says it all.I've stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world and spent a fair amount of time in luxury hotels in Los Angeles but the experience of Le George V in Paris is absolutely unparalleled.The rooms are very clean and all linens, draperies etc, extremely sumptuous.Even the hardware for the doors is of a visibly superior quality.The staff is courteous and professional. i was greeted by every member of staff I ever encountered and each greeting felt sincere.Customer service is the highest priority and the knowledgeable staff is truly eager to help the guest get what he or she wants from every experience the property offers. I took a spa package when I booked and would recommend it if you are planning a stay there. The spa itself was so relaxing and well maintained (constant towel/robe replacement. Refreshments well stocked etc) it was like stepping off the planet for the few hours I spent there.The price is high, but the level of quality to every aspect is so top notch that I felt every penny I spent was earned by the hotel and staff.Honestly, no other hotel I've stayed at comes close to matching The Four seasons George V, Paris.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jax2
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Stayed at the Four Seasons in a deluxe room, very spacious and comfortable everything you could ask for.Also the spa was very good too.Had a meal at Le Cinq very expensive but beautiful.The location of the hotel was excellent too. Would certainly go back.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YumYum2008
<Content>AMAZING service and wonderful staff We stayed here in a king deluxe room for 3 nights at the end of June (though I wrote a comment to the hotel saying July by accident!). From the MOMENT we stepped into the most beautiful lobby I've ever seen- candles and delphiniums and hydrangeas all in deep purple- until the moment we checked out (waiting for Bruce Springsteen to get out of our way!), it was just a magnificent experience. The room is SPOTLESS- no mold like at the Ritz bathroom in London- great amenities, lots of shelves, a safe, comfy pillows and a big tub. The staff was always smiling, always helpful, and ALWAYS available. The concierge would do anything to help us. Even the doormen are friendly. Housekeeping staff was VERY quiet- you could sleep as late as you want- no kids running in the halls, and no adults talking loudly to wake you up. So different than the Bellagio in Vegas or other 5 star rated hotels. We were SO sad to leave. They made a little dessert for us and gave us a bottle of champagne for our anniversary- and it was incredible! I have to say this is the finest hotel I have ever stayed in. I fear that recommending it so highly will mean I won't get a reservation next time I want to go!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gtahir
<Content>A hotel for those wanting luxury The Four Seasons George V is conveniently located at the heart of Paris (very close to Champs Ellysee). The hotel is famous for its unique and original floral arrangements, evident from the first time you enter into the main lobby. The atmosphere of this hotel exudes charm, warmth and luxury. The service and facilities of this hotel will not disappoint. The room is very spacious, as is the bathroom, with full amenities such as LCD TV, Wi-Fi connection (at 22 Euro per day), toiletries from Bulgari brand, bidet and sandals. Now, I have heard a few people commented on the thin walls of the Four Season Hotels, and found it to be quite true. When I was in Japan, I could hear a couple next door doing their business in the middle of the night, and this time I could also hear a lot of footsteps on top of my room and doors banging next door.That's the only complain that I have I suppose, afterall, nothing is perfect.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mj79Tx
<Content>Friendly Service! I was very surpised at the hospitality the George V staff showed. I had problems with my travel agent and was worried that I would have troubles checking in, but I was proved wrong by the extremely nice staff at the hotel. Everyone was helpful and friendly! I stayed away from the restaurant seeing that a soda was about $20 US. So all I can comment on is the stay itself, not the restaurant. It was comfortable, the rooms were nice and spacious and housekeeping was fantastic. I had the laundry service and my clothes were returned in a few hours. The spa is very nice and the concierge deserves a gold star! They are all fantastic at the concierge desk. The prices of EVERYTHING at the hotel are outrageous, but it is Paris, you have to expect it.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeepChick79
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I surprised my mother with a trip to Paris and London. I wanted to stay at the best hotels and per this website I booked at the Four Seasons. The room was very nice and very european. A lot of antiques and furniture I have only seen on TV... I felt a little out of sorts being in the hotel. It is very high class and since my mother and I are just your average middle class Americans we were taken aback. The concerige was excellent and all the staffers were very nice about the language barrier... In all it was a nice visit. Room service was great but very expensive. Just get used to it all being expensive. The hotel is in a great location and very close to the giant Luis Vuitton store if you are into shopping. Paris is gorgeous and the hotel is just another highlight. We did have some interesting encounteres with the locals who seemed to be a little amused by our attire... but oh well we didn't wear the thigh high boots and leggings... it seems most of the women there wear that type of thing. If I ever go back to Paris I would probably stay at a different hotel... Not for anything that the hotel did because it was excellent... but like I said earlier... we felt a little out of sorts being in such a fancy hotel... But it really is a wonderful place and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>buccsmf1
<Content>Hotel lives up to lofty expectations       Room  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NLMLondon_UK
<Content>Geroge V Paris......Perfection Having stayed in many amazing hotels around the world my breath was taken away by the sheer opulance and luxury of the George V, Paris. We stayed for 3 nights in May in a premier room (623) which was heavenly. A beautiful large sleeping and living room area, sumptuous bathroom and a wonderful walk in closet. Luxurious and more than comfortable.I had a 50 min massage in the Spa which was perfect. We ate out most evening, one great restaurant recommendation to try is Chez Janou - a traditional French provencal bistro - fantastic. One small comment was that breakfast service was sometimes chaotic however this fades into the background given the perfection of everything else.The George V was VERY expensive but worth every penny.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madamoiselleN
<Content>How can you keep me down on the farm...? We had seen the hotel photos of the walls lined with tapestries and I expected naff, over-the-top, Louis Quinze-type decor but the hotel was luscious, elegant and traditional but unstuffy. The staff were professional, friendly and attentive. Of course, this should be standard in a hotel of this reputation but you never can tell. The room was spacious and elegant and very quiet. The king-size bed was supremely comfortable. The bathroom was a marble-lined pleasure dome with spendid Bulgari toiletries. I think it is the custom in these reviews to say  if I had one complaint... well mine would be that one morning at breakfast the waiter was a tad slow in bringing the customary stool for my handbag to rest on and I almost had to put it on the carpet instead!!! I love Paris and I love Four Season George V!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Braneman
<Content>Honeymoon Suite at the George V For that special occasion, the Honeymoon Suite at the George V has no peer (Room 824). In order to reserve, one has to contact the property directly, or let the agents at the Four Seasons 800 number inquire regarding availability. Your experience starts at the airport, where you are whisked to your transportation. In room check-in continues the pampering. The view from the room's balcony is the view seen on the Four Seasons page: the Eiffel tower and other remarkable Paris destinations. The service is as impeccable as stated in other reviews. The concierge staff is able to get reservations, on short notice, for even the most exclusive restaurants. They can easily arrange a private car tour of the city, which we found invaluable. Such luxury comes at a price, but it is an experience that leaves one feeling that the value received is worth the expenditure. We have enjoyed the hotel during Christmas, and the holiday spirit and the beauty of the hotel/city is incredible.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mobert
<Content>Unbelievable hotel accompanied by unbelievable prices... Without a doubt, the finest hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. Everything from the rooms, service, pool and spa area, food, and drinks was world class. I can find absolutely nothing to fault. We stayed for a week and loved it.But let me tell you, the prices here will make you gasp. A martini or glass of Remy VSOP cognac was 24 euros or $37/38 US dollars. Dessert was almost 20 euros or $31/$32 US dollars. As someone else mentioned, although the dollar is very weak, something felt seriously out of whack when we're talking double New York pricing. If you decide to stay here, rest assured you will have an outstanding experience at the finest Paris has to offer. But it's a bank breaker.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcconthebus
<Content>It doesn't get better than this.... You don't need me to repeat what has been said so well by everyone else. So I will tell you one story about the concierge desk and you will understand.I called for a reservation at a great restaurant (left to the discretion of the concierge) for me, my wife and mother, and she set this up for me. She called to say that everything was arranged and when to be in the lobby. Then, 10 minutes later, she called again and said that she had changed the reservation to a different restaurant because she was not entirely pleased with where we would be sitting, nor with the view we would have had!!!I can't remember the restaurant's name, but it was splendid. We sat in the window, watched the Eiffel Tower glimmer in the night sky, and had a wonderful meal.Show me any other hotel that would care this much; I think it doesn't exist. The rest of the facilities and service were just like that. This place will make you cry with joy. I'm serious.As said by another reviewer, everyone should stay here at least once in your life.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CATravelingfool
<Content>Excellent in every way- but expensive Top notch hotel near everything. Very expensive. No joke, a cosmopolitan cocktail was $38 (24 Euros) a piece. It was hand shaken in unison if you ordered two, two waiters would come out and shake them in tandem! A $80 drink show. Shaken is nice, but most $10-15 cosmos are! Our bar bills after a few drinks was always over $200. Breakfast for two was at least $130 (80-90 Euro)I know the dollar is weak, but this felt ridiculous. Bottom line: The hotel is beautiful. Location is ideal. Short walk to metro, Eiffel Tower, Arc D' Triumph, shopping, Louvre. The flowers are gorgeous. Rooms lovely although I like double sinks and our bathroom did not have them. The beds were very comfortable. The staff is extremely professional and kind. Very attentive Concierge. They all speak English, although we attempted to speak French to be polite. Our room had what they considered to be a nice view- I considered it to be merely, OK, as it was only a view of the other side of the hotel. Although very pricey to stay and eat there I still would recommend it if money isn't an issue.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Gabrielleonholiday
<Content>Grand The Goege V is a classic. I was there in business and the problem was that not many things worked very well or as they were supposed. But the location and the style of the place still make it worth a stay.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cabinfevertoronto
<Content>wonderful - luxury - dreamy       george v - inside the elevator  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>patricksw
<Content>Favorite Hotel In The World This is my favorite hotel in the world.Service, flawless.Floral arrangements, flawless.Food, flawless.Rooms, flawless.Bar, flawless.Prices are a bit steep, but you definitely get what you pay for-- especially true in Paris.You MUST stay here once in your life.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbuie
<Content>Parisian Perfection Just got back from a 6 night stay at Georges V. C'est magnifique! The hotel was immaculately clean, the service was impeccable, the concierges very knowledgeable and friendly, and a great location near the metro, too. Had the pleasure of staying in 2 different rooms because we extended our stay-a deluxe and superior room. Both were huge, which is highly unusual for Paris.  Everything about this hotel is just top-notch. An absolutely wonderful, decadent hotel to stay in if you want to treat your self. My husband and I consider ourselves pretty persnickety and are quite the germaphobes where cleanliness is involved, and I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. I can't find a single flaw. Despite our persnickety-ness, my husband and I are pretty casual people-jeans and tennis shoes types when we're sightseeing, and we never once felt out of place in this hotel. We were a little concerned that the Four Seasons in Paris would be so over-the-top that we'd feel out of place, but everyone is so friendly. I highly recommend this hotel. I don't think I can ever stay at another hotel in Paris now that I've been spoiled by Georges V (and I've stayed at the Ritz Paris). Just dreaming of a return trip now!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bmoc1955
<Content>A Religious Experience Yes, the other reviews are correct about the pricing. However, a stay at the George V definitely makes the bucket list. The service is without paralell. The attention to detail by the staff is amazing. The physical property itself is not overwhelming vis a vis other Four Season's hotels. It is the staff that sends this facility over the top. The location is ideal in terms of proximity to sites, shopping and dining. This hotel is also great for celeb sitings, if that is your cup of tea. The spa is elegant, but small. Food is excellent, but you pay for every morsel. Tip: as the hotel is generally full, you need to work early and often with the concierge on your bookings.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PerfectDevice
<Content>A beautiful Christmas In Paris My fiancee and I planned an amazing trip to Paris last christmas and thanks to the absolutely lovely and luxurious Four Seasons, it was one of the most memorable trips i've ever taken. This hotel is the epitome of elegance. A true no-expense-spared experience.Cost a bundle but in my oppinion, worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clawit
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed at We were upgraded to a suite with balcony over looking the eiffel tower - and the hotel had also put 1/2 bottle of champagne and cake in the room for us - as we were celebrating a special occasion.The staff were so efficient and everything about the stay was perfect - one downside is that we were only staying for 1 night. I'll definitely be going back, just need to save some more!!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CalLondon
<Content>Overpriced and in need of updating Service is fantastic but for 拢500 for one night I was expecting a little more than we got. It was the first night of our honeymoon and the room was nice but really old fashioned (a flat screen tv is needed!).I had a manicure and the spa staff were lovely. I'm glad I've stayed there but I wouldnt again! The breakfast was disapointing too.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SWT22
<Content>Outstanding / Perfect Service Staying at the Four Seasons George V Paris is truly an exceptional experience. The premises are impeccable, flowers in the lobby are an artwork. Rooms are decorated in a traditional manner (this is not a design hotel), but with exquisite taste. The location could not be better, in the heart of Paris. The best part of the experience is the extremely personalized service: all of the staff seems to know your name, and is very knowledgeable about museums, other places of interest, restaurants and theatres. For an urban hotel, the spa is nice.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bills2pay
<Content>Wonderful Luxury My high expectations were surpassed in our 3-night stay. The hotel's rooms and amenities were all top-notch, as they should be. The spa and pool were especially nice and blissfully uncrowded. But it was the level of service, professionalism, and even friendliness was even better than expected. Our family of 3 was treated royally, even though we're not royalty. The Georges V deserves its reputation as one of the world's best hotels.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peynet78
<Content>Four Seasons George V: the best.       George V outside view.jpg  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>deanstevens
<Content>It dosent get much better Wow this really was something special It has location , style , class , luxury andanything else you could possibly wt from a hotel all rolled into one The bedrooms and public areas are spotless and well decorated The main thing is the staff they are potentially the best trained staff in europe if not the world This place is a must  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SASNY
<Content>A true luxury experience My husband and I spent three nights here, and although I expected the hotel to be lovely, it far surpassed my expectations. Our room was spacious, elegant and luxurious by any standards, but especially impressive given the usually smaller size of rooms in Europe. The bathrooms are huge, with generous supplies of luxury toiletries and amenities. The bed was among the most comfortable I've slept on.It was everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber, but what truly sets the George V apart is the service. We had a positive experience with every hotel employee we dealt with. From the person at the reception desk who walked us to our room and pointed out the features, to the maid service, to the concierge, to the people giving our wakeup call-- everyone went out of their way to anticipate our needs and do everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. We had a complimentary bottle of champagne and some little pastries waiting for us upon arrival. In the fitness center, the attendant not only asked me if I needed help using any of the equipment, but he came by with facial towels as I was working out. When we stepped out for a morning walk in the light mist, the doorman asked if we needed umbrellas for the day. We were treated like sincerely valued guests. I wish I could say the same for every top of the line hotel I have stayed at.Yes, everything at the hotel is expensive, and with the current dollar/euro exchange rate, even more so. But I really can't think of a negative thing to say about the place. We truly felt pampered here, and enjoyed every minute. I highly recommend the hotel, and after staying here, I don't know how I could go back to Paris and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>budgee
<Content>Four Seasons George V I decided to surprise my mom and take her to Paris before Christmas to do some shopping, having fun, and get in the holiday-mood.I heard George V is the number one hotel in the world so I expected number one service - and we did not get a bit of it.I must tell you, I was really disappointed about it.Location is good, flower decorations just amazing, rooms grandious (a bit funny though, there are lots of prisms and drops missing from the chrystal chandeliers - i guess memorablia for previous guests...), but thats all.Upon arrival our taxi could not take us to the entrance as drive-way was full with cars. We got out on the street, pulled out luggage from trunk while 4 personell was watching us at the entrance - no one helped us, even not, when going towards the entrance!! One just let us in, did not ask if we need help...After check-in, the guy came out from behind the desk, took the luggage from my mom and asked me if i dont mind bringing my luggage myself... What a service... :(We usually got out of the room around 9 am and got back around 4-5 pm. One day when we entered the room after 4pm we just realized a made is just working in our room - there was no sign outside! As we were very tired, I asked her just to do the beds and leave us, she did not understand it in English, had to call Housekeeping to ask them to translate what I need. Even after that she did not do it, just simply started to vacuum clean - whilst we were already in the room and asked her to leave!There were no appoligies later, nothing at all, it was like nothing happened.I tried to use the swimming pool one evening, but I had to leave after 15 min or so as it was full with kids (at least 6), jumping in the water, and being so loud like hell, nobody from staff asked them or the parents to stop this.Concierge was also strange, gave us just wrong information and was not helpful at all.The only place where I got the special Four Seasons touch was the tiny gift shop, the boy was really nice, helpful, fun, offered assistance way beyond his duties.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	1	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Cedric&Pierre
<Content>Such a great experience!       Deluxe room 618  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rata_200
<Content>WOW! Defenitely the BEST hotel of the world!!!! MUCH BETTER THAN THE RITZ!       Sunrise in Paris!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Londoner5870
<Content>Little short of perfection Sure, it's expensive. But it's genuinely very hard to find anything wrong with the George V - and its strengths are immense. It's a beautiful environment for a holiday, and it makes the stresses and strains of daily life vanish for a while.It was my birthday the weekend of arrival and I was greeted with a wonderful cake and a bottle of champagne in my room. The room itself was immaculately maintained; quiet; spacious; and with the fabulous beds that make a night's sleep perfect. There are enough towels in the bathroom for a family of 10, and the housekeeping is flawless.As an extra since I was last there - they also now have flat-screen TVs and DVD players with great sound systems in the rooms.I agree that breakfasts are expensive and the service can be a touch on the overwhelming side --- I never before had a footstool on which to place my newspaper --- but the quality is high. Most of all, the attitude of the hotel staff is brilliant: French style combined with Four Seasons charm, and none of it feels artificial or forced.The ultimate recommendation is that on the two occasions I've been to the George V I arrived feeling a bit frazzled and world-weary. The hotel sorted that out and I left relaxed. Poorer, it's true, but I'd say it was worth it.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kitdiva
<Content>Every year it's as near to perfect as you can get. I have been to this hotel every year for Christmas for the last 6 years and loved it every time.Good pointsThe rooms and bathrooms are wonderful, clean, well designed and large. There is plenty of wardrobe space, separate bath and shower, bvlgari products and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in, including my own. The food is excellent, the service generally faultless especially from the Cinq restaurant manager, Charles, who remembers us every year and always makes a fuss of us. The flower displays in the lobby and throughout the hotel are also divine. The spa area is beautiful and the staff their are very attentive and I love the room scent they use in there and throughout the hotel. The gym is also great with cold wet towels to cool you down and chilled water and lovely equipment.Not so good pointsIt has to be one of the most expensive hotels in the world. The breakfast are absurdly over priced but the food is always good. The spa treatments can be a little disappointing. I had my hair cut there a number of years ago and have never been so unhappy about a cut. Also if you are having a facial and expect extractions check to make sure that this is included in your facial first. I have had a couple of bad paint jobs during manicures and pedicures but the staff are always very willing to redo anything you aren't happy with as soon as they have an opening, free of charge. Generally though the staff in the spa are very attentive. One other very small niggle was with reception. I asked for a couple of things to be sent up to my room this year and they never arrived. It wasn't the end of the world just a little irritating. We had a lot of trouble getting hold of a spa menu, we asked four times or so before one finally arrived in the room but really a very small thing. Overall this has to be one of the best hotels in the world, just make sure someone else is paying the bill !!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ISOBELA
<Content>George V - Paris - WE ALL LOVED IT!!! GEORGE V - PARISWe arrived early christmas morning, after being met by hotel meet and great service at airport. We were then introduced to our driver, who whisked us away in a black mercedes to this wonderfull hotel. We arrived at hotel 11am, i was told the room would not be ready till 3pm, not a problem we booked lunch at la gallarie for 2pm then went for a walk. Lunch was lovely, then we were shown to our room. I had booked an executive room for myself, husband and son, however the duty manager said we had been upgraded to a 1 bedsuite, with amazing views. The suite was lovely, 2 bathrooms, living room etc..... hugh balcony!!The staff at this hotel are fantastic, they can't do enough for you. We stayed at the ritz last year and George V is every bit as good, we couldn't fault anything. Yes, its expensive, but so is every other 5 star hotel in Paris. We did 3 shows, moulin rouge, Lido and the crazy horse, all brilliant. This hotel is in a great location, you can walk to all the major landmarks of Paris, plus the biggest Louis Vitton shop is at the top of the avenue!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jaseuk007
<Content>Rip off... It's a great place but so overpriced. I wasn't paying but it's obscene they can justify these rates. There are many better places to stay in Paris for 80% less than what you would pay here.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelfashionista
<Content>One of My Favourite Places What a delight! Of course, its rare to find any faults with a Four Seasons property (my other favourite hotel in the entire world is the FS in Hong Kong). But there is something about Paris...and the George V is really the tops. I have stayed in a suite at the Ritz Carlton in Paris, the Intercontinental and other big hotels, many of which are stuffy, tired and over-decorated. The George V combines the old world elegance one expects of a grand Parisian hotel, but without the kitsch cliche's; here you will not find swathes of red velvet and generous gold trim on every surface, nor the trendy dramatic lounge d茅cor typical of the fr猫res Costes. Instead, grand rooms with fresh powder blue and elegant trim, high ceilings, impeccable bathrooms, plush towels, Bulgari bath accessories and a wonderfully well stocked minibar. Indeed, as at most FS properties, it smells like Bulgari everywhere. Staff are polite, extremely accomodating. Food is expensive but fresh and delicious. I went to a reception downstairs which was well-catered, no obnoxious piano music. Lovely, tasteful and perfect all around. And, of course, the location is superb; minutes from all the best shopping Paris has to offer. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rc51
<Content>great hotel The George V is by any standards a really fine hotel but the not necessarily the best in the world!Personally I think the Maurice is the best in Paris but any observations can only be made by personal experiences and these are going to vary as much as the human race does.Any one who can say they hate this hotel has clearly had a bad experience, probably with a member of staff which always influences your idea of any place.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>3030chris
<Content>expensive We stayed here the week before christmas rooms were excellent breakfast was not included in the price and there were no tea/coffee facilities in the room which we thought should have been available in the price we asked for room service and had two coffees which cost us 20 euros the swimming pool was the best treat robes towels shampoo etc wera all available and the attendant was very friendly and very attentive we had a drink of apple juice and fresh fruit after our swim on our next visit to paris we would try a different hotel which is not quite so expensive  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mac7471
<Content>Christmas at George V This is clearly a world-class hotel with prices to match. I spent Christmas here with my mother (we chose Paris as she lives in France and I live in the UK) and overall it was a lovely experience. We booked the Six Senses Package for 3 nights which turned out to be very good value (Superior room, daily breakfast, 3 course dinner at La Galerie each evening and a one-hour daily spa treatment each). It was no more expensive to stay there over Christmas than at any other time of year it seemed which was refreshing given the cost of top UK hotels during the festive period.The room was beautiful and spacious. Only one vanity unit in the bathroom but a separate bath and shower so plenty of space there too. Bulgari toiletries and pretty much every amenity that you can think of (except a coffee maker which you rarely seem to get in top hotels these days). Good entertainment system but very limited choice of DVDs and our dealings with the Business Center on this front were a bit hit and miss. Housekeeping was a different story - it operated like clockwork and the room was turned around very quickly each day and was always fully serviced when we returned from breakfast.Breakfast in Le Cinq was wonderful, the spa was lovely (good therapists, complimentary herbal teas, coffee and fruit, although arrive in your robe as the locker room is small), and the staff at the hotel work very hard to remember your name and make you feel special. Dinner at La Galerie was ok, but I wouldn't have eaten there more than once if dinner hadn't been included in our package (the food was very pricey for what it was - approx. 275Euros for a 3 course meal for 2 people without wine - and it's less of a restaurant, more of a corridor lounge, with very low uncomfortable chairs). It was also cold in La Galerie every evening due to the draughts coming through the courtyard doors. Having said that, they had live music every night (different types so we never got bored) and it had a nice atmosphere. We also had afternoon tea in La Galerie one afternoon and that was suprisingly reasonable. The hotel was decorated beautifully for Christmas and overall it was a lovely stay. The staff and the decor make it feel special rather than the facilities or the dining in my opinion. However, I stayed at the Peninsula in Hong Kong earlier in the year and enjoyed that more.We had one issue on checkout. To begin with I was presented with a bill for the package plus all of the included items as additional charges. I asked for these to be removed and the mistake was quickly rectified, although I was informed that dinner in La Galerie was only included up to the value of 80 Euros per person. I told the cashier that this was not reflected on the website, the booking confirmation, or on pre-arrival correspondence and that we had even checked in person with reception on our arrival and had not been informed of the limit then either. The cashier insisted on charging me for dinner each evening over and above the 80 Euros per person and I decided not to argue. However, my mother had a different view and took this up with reception before our departure. They discovered that the French version of the website and package clearly states the 80 Euro limit, but the English version does not. This is something to be aware of if you are booked on the Six Senses package. Reception agreed to request a refund to my card but could not do it there and then for some reason. However, the additional amount was refunded to my card and a credit receipt sent to my home address within a few days of departure.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Gingersheep
<Content>Treat Yourself.... you deserve it! Loved the George V. I had heard fantastic reviews and believe me this hotel didn't fail to deliver. The rooms were beautifully decorated, service amazing and contrary to other reviews, I felt that the service and attention paid to the staff was second to none. I stayed in The Plaza Athenee last year and have to say the George V was much, much better.We stayed in a deluxe room with breakfast included and eating in Le Cinq each morning was an added bonus. I really would recommend this hotel for a romantic break or celebration. Treat yourself or the one you love!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>londonbiztraveller
<Content>Worth the money Stayed at the George V for our wedding anniversary in mid December. Its a class act which probably accounts for the clientele- Bruce Springsteen and Will Smith were at the hotel when were there.We had a large suite, which was priced at around $3000 per night but frankly I'll pay that for special occasions without batting an eyelid as long as everything is spot on. Which it is.Great location, just off a decent part of the Champs D'E'llysee and the area itself is spot on. You are 10 minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe, 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, 20 minutes to the Louvre and the Place de la Concorde and so on. The only schlep is to the 6th Arr if you want that left bank fix you have a cab ride or a longer walk. But walking Paris is the only was to do it anyhow.We had a free bottle of champagne on arrival, I had a load of concierge stuff to sort out which was done efficiently and without any fuss whatsoever, the bar is great--though small and the room service breakfast was perfect, if again, over expensive for what it was.I have stayed at the Bristol in a massive suite and the Georges V knocks it into a cocked hat as far as I am concerned. Despite the daft prices.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drgene
<Content>None Better! I could not disagree more strongly with the person from Australia who wrote the preceeding review. Since its reopening as a Four Seasons property, this hotel has been the gold standard for all luxury hotels in Paris. The rooms are extraordinary by any standard. If the service is at times uneven, I can honestly say that this is the exception. From the moment one enters the hotel, one is made to feel welcomed and valued as a guest.Le Cinq is one of Paris' finest restaurants. I have never known the staff to be bored; rather, they are typically attentive to every detail.There are many types of room from which one can choose, and while no luxury hotel in Paris is inexpensive, this one truly delivers great value for what is on offer- top of the line luxury and service. It also has the best conceirge desk in town.The Premier rooms are among the best in Paris, and for a true splurge, book one of the Duplex Suites.I have stayed in every hotel that typically appears in the world's Top Ten, and to my mind there is none better than The Four Seasons George V.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jsimonlondon
<Content>We all liked it the George V is a lovely old styled, traditional luxury type of hotel. It would not really be my cup of tea, as I usually go for boutique hotels, but it somehow works in Paris. The service is good and the housekeeping excellent. The only problem it does not surprise you in any way , in quality or service. Still nothing not too like really.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DippytheDog
<Content>Hated It Lack of Appeal Le Cinq was boring the staff boring rooms small they should be 50M square and everything should have marble  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Nachria
<Content>Best Hotel in the World I have stayed at many of the top hotels in the world: the Peninsula Hong Kong, the Oriental, the Four Seasons Hotel New York, Peninsula Bangkok, Amanwana. These are just a few. I have stayed at many of the top hotels in Paris. I have also stayed at half of the Four Seasons properties around the world. I usually do not write reviews on tripadvisor, but after reading the latest review which is so outrageously wrong, I felt that I needed to write my review.In my opinion, the Four Seasons George V is the world's best hotel and the world's best Four Seasons hotel. ROOMS:I stayed in a large expansive Deluxe room that overlooked the Marble Courtyard. The room was tastefully decorated as if it was the residence of a French nobleman. It was tastefully decorated in Louis XVth design, but had all of the wonderful amenities of a Four Seasons hotel: sound proof rooms, high ceilings, very soft beds, a large expansive marble bathroom, and Bulgari bath amenities.SERVICE:Service is what truly sets apart this hotel from others in the world. The service puts the George V in a category of its own. The service from the staff was effortless and impeccable. The perfect balance between formality and familiarity. The service was truly genuine. They made you feel that you were a valued and important guest to them, and that a perfect stay was something that they wanted you to have. The people are truly amazing.Every single department was consistent and excellent. The concierge is excellent. With a staff of 50 concierges, my requests were answered at all hours.DINING:Le Cinq is truly a magnificent restaurant. Le Galerie is a wonderful place to have breakfast.I plan on returning very soon.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coffeebar
<Content>the hotel that proves that flattery will get you anywhere looking at all those rave reviews and at the fact that this is tripadvisor's #1 hotel in all of europe, i know my review is not going to be one of the most popular. nevertheless, i felt the need to express my true feeling about this property.Dont get me wrong. i LOVE luxery hotels and god knows i am willing to pay for luxery. having said that, 4S GEORGE V trully delivers, but somehow, belive it or not, i cheked out a bit depressed.now why would someone that just stayed in the most beautiful property, given the most exellent service and slept in the most beautiful room on a fantastic bed have mixed feelings about anything in this world? well, to have feelings is a human thing, and this is the one thing this 4S lacks of: humaneness.this is NOT a class act. This is more like a well designed and extreemly well orchestrated ripp off. they know that what you really want , what you secretly dream of is to be treated like royalty so they give it to you, but they do it in a very cynical way. they do not give service - they kiss your [--]. they do it in a flattering way which so many reviewers bought into so easily. they make you forget you are paying 780 EUR per night for their least expensive room and they smile and sweet talk you all the way to spending 150 EUR(!) for a regular 50 min aromatherapy massage. i have payed similar anounts of money at properties like london's sanderson and dorchester hotels, Rome's hotel de russi, paris' own ritz and plaza athenee and never felt the cynicism. the hotel GEORGE V in paris is the complete setting for wanna-bes to feel special. i will prefer a deluxe room in the full-of-its--self HOTEL COSTES then stay here again. the COSTES has atitude, but is authentic paris , not a put on a face like GEORGE V. its like disneyland for grown-ups, letting the ordenery people to live a dream once in a lifetime. problem is, the more experienced travellers will feel that micky mouse is laughing at them under his mask.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IrishKaren
<Content>The Best Hotel Ever!!       On our balcony  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dobler1
<Content>Truly Magnifique       le Cinq Restaurant  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ian335i
<Content>Hoped for the best, and they impressed! My stay at the Four Seasons George V was to be my treat to myself this year, and it ended up being even better than I had imagined! The service there is unparalleled, and everyone there gets spectacular treatment. The hotel rooms are huge, by any standards, the bathrooms are huge as well as amazingly opulent. The Bvalgari shampoos and soaps are amazing, a must try even if you never stay at the George V. I stayed at the George V for 4 days, and I was about to cry when I checked out early one morning. FYI Paris doesn't wake up before 8am! I had the opportunity to try got their regular restaurant, Le Gallerie, as well as Le Cinq, their highly touted world renouned restaurant. Actually I didn't care for the menu too much at Le Cinq, but there's literally 5 people waiting on you hand and food, and after the generous amounts of champange you forget about the food. My dinner in the Gallerie was excellent and the service was astounding as well. Room service was awesome and the food arrived very hot, too hot to immediately eat. They don't mess around at the George V. Room service comes twice a day, and they look for things they can do, they don't just clean, they make sure everything is absolutely perfect, and with a great attitude at the same time. Parking (underground) was 40E a day, which isn't that bad. Phone calls back to the USA were quite expensive, but hey, the whole place is expensive, nevertheless you feel like you've gotten more than your money's worth when you're checking out.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJCalifornia
<Content>The BEST hotel in the WORLD!!!!!!!!!!! I thought I died and went to heaven when I stepped into Georges V. We stayed here for our wedding anniversary, and I was nearly brought to tears when I walked into our room and saw the chandelier above the bed with chilled champagne waiting for us. Our room faced out onto a beautiful little street, and the location of the hotel itself is steps away from the metro, and Champs Elysees. The hotel pool and gym were top notch - so incredibly clean. They brought me chilled towels and bottled water while I was there. The concerige could not have been more wonderful. We were in Paris during the Rugby World Cup, and although the France-Ireland game was sold out, the concierge managed to get tickets in the 2nd row of a stadium filled with 80,000 excited fans. The concierge also helped us secure reservations at certain restaurants where we were told it was completely full. If you want to truly dine like royalty, and don't mind spending quite a bit of money on dinner, try Alain Ducasse (not in the hotel). Georges V offered us the hotel's private car, which took us to dinner on our first night there. The hotel also coordinated a car and driver for us so we could take in all the sites of Paris at night. We also had a delicious breakfast in the gorgeous Le Cinq restaurant. Even just hanging out in the hotel lounge was delightful. We had a very chic high tea there, as well as several late night snacks/drinks. I can't say enough wonderful things about this truly amazing hotel in the most gorgeous city on earth!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aldo_Nola
<Content>Superlative       Superior Deluxe Suite  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Redjohn14
<Content>"THE BEST" Hotel we have ever stayed at Oh my goodness where do you start ! This hotel from top to bottom is perfect. When we arrived at the property we received the already experienced unbeatable FOUR SEASON service. The entrance lobby is full to the brim with fresh flower arrangements and marble flooring. Staff are superb nothing too big or too small to deal with. The room was an executive room with a small living area. Spacious and clean are obvious to note, however the feel of the room and decor really does compliment the city you are staying in. YES this hotel is a little pricey but as the saying goes you get what you pays for, We dined at the restaurant within the hotel Le Cinq which is a 3* Michellin and the price in fairness does reflect that. Food quality EXCELLENT caviar and cress soup, dublin bay prawns, veal off the bone  freshly made chocolate to mention a few. Ladies you know you have arrived when you get a foot stool for your handbag. Humour aside this hotel including the fantastic bar that joins the dining hall is THE VERY best. It is situated in a central position just of the Champs and puts you in the middle of the action. Cost apart this hotel does it all and a lot more. Enjoy, I am sure you will.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saintba
<Content>Four Seasons Hotel George V Paris - Amazing Experience I just finished up a 3 night stay in this amazing hotel. I have stayed at many 5 star hotels around the world. And I've also stayed at many Four Seasons properties over the years as well. I have been on over 100 international trips the past 6 years and mostly stay at 5 star hotels. I mention these things to give you an idea of just how many hotels I've been in.To be honest, I've never spent over $1,200 per night on a hotel room before. That is an incredible amount to spend and for that amount you need everything to be perfect. I was just coming from Venice and had a suite overlooking the Canal and that room was amazingly romantic as well and I didn't think I could top that for a more romantic room.I am on a 20+ plus trip throughout Europe to celebrate my birthday and also my girlfriend has never been to Europe before so I wanted to go all out. She was sure that after Venice nothing could top that. She was awed by this hotel in Paris!We booked a suite and the hotel upgraded us to a bigger suite. We had an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower. The lobby as everyone described is amazing with amazing floral arrangements. I can't imagine what they must spend on their flower bills alone. Personally I'm more of a modern furniture type person vs. the old French classic style but when you are in a city like Venice or Paris it's amazing to experience this. From the moment you walk in the door the staff all treats you extremely well. After we checked in every single time we entered or left the hotel they called me by my name. Very good attention to detail and professionalism.We used the concierge quite a bit for lunch recommendations and dinner recommendations. The one time we didn't we regretted it HORRIBLY. I read a restaurant review in a guidebook we had. We went there for dinner one night because the book said one of the top 5 best restaurants in Paris and the food was amazing! Well, the food was not good and the dinner bill was u$s 600 all for 2 salads, 2 small orders of a fish dish and 1 water and 2 glasses of wine. I wish I only went with the recommendations of the concierge! I wouldn't have minded it if the food was good but it depresses you to think about wasting that much money on a dinner that was just not good. (Name of the restaurant was called L' Arpege for those that are curious).Which leads me to the feeling after making the reservation for this property. Those reading this review (and probably those that booked in the past). You get an almost guilty feeling after making the reservation and deciding to stay here for spending so much on a hotel room per night. I can honestly tell you that from the moment I checked in, that guilty feeling disappeared. I did NOT have that guity feeling like in the restaurant above. Everyone at the hotel was great! Our room was great. To be honest, I've stayed at hotels where I thought the inside of the room was nicer but when you take in the full experience it's hard to top this hotel. The location is simply amazing. There are lots and lots of high end stores around the streets near the hotel. We especially did a LOT of shopping on Avenue Montaigne which is close to the hotel. Lots of high end stores there.The spa was also great at the hotel. It was so romantic at night with the view to the Eiffel Tower. Our European trip couldn't have been better or more romantic. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alveglia
<Content>Thank-you 4 Seasons Paris-Your the best !       our living room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>centrecourt
<Content>Dare I say "Perfect"? I've been to GV on four seperate occasions. Each time I vist, they increasingly treat me like a king -- meeting me at my taxi/car whereupon four or five people greet me by name, escorting me to my (always upgraded room) via private elevator.It's heaven. And, if you are not wealthy, you should visit the cafe anyway. Have an expensive coffee and pastry and soak in the sublime atmosphere.For all the wealth that flows here, you will NOT feel out of place or of a lesser class. Every guest is treated with near-honor. Sure, there are hiccups from time to time, but just speak up -- they will apologize and go beyond in making things right.Among the finest hotels in Paris -- and the world.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>5stargirl
<Content>The Best. Our stay at the George V was for ten days, which included one suite for my husband and myself and a superior room for our eldest son. The fact is that if you book into this hotel you are paying a fortune. So once you are over that, what are the reasons for being here..... The service is amazing - from the concierge, to the boy who swings the front door, the bar attendants, or the breakfast hostesses - they all know your name. the business centre is fantastic (and we used it a lot), the housekeeping is impecable, the bar is tons of fun at night (you can book a table - be on time - it is very popular and the staff do their best).... i would tell you the best room for the price (our 21year old son had the most amazing room - better than our suite.,..)....but I am saving the room number for our next trip...... All in all, and we do expect the best, the Greorge V is THE BEST.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cgf
<Content>An Amazing Hotel, But..... The George V is a spectacular hotel. The lobby is filled with amazing floral displays; the rooms are lovely, spacious and kept immaculately clean; and the staff is very friendly. All in all, our 4 nights at this hotel were wonderful. There were, however, some strange inconsistencies with the service which, although not horrible, did detract from an otherwise fabulous experience. For example, when I booked our reservation for 2 rooms, I asked for rooms which were either connecting or close to eachother. Upon check-in, I was told that only one room was ready and that we should check back later for our other room. An hour later, we received a message from the front desk advising that there was a second room ready three floors below or we could wait for a room on our floor. We elected to wait. I requested to see the other room, which was lovely, but not that close to our other room. Although at 3:00 p.m. were were told that the second room would be ready shortly, it took until close to 6:00 p.m. (with a number of calls by me) before we actually received the key to the second room. Even when the key was brought, no one seemed concerned by or apologetic for the delay.Also, I had requested information from the concierge regarding a restaurant (Laserre). I was told that the information would be sent to my room, but I never received anything from the concierge.Three out of four mornings our breakfast (which was included as part of the American Express Fine Hotels Program) at Le Cinq was fantastic. The last morning, it seemed like someone lost our order, as the three of us all received our meals at different times and we waited an exceptionally long time for my husband to finally receive a waffle.Despite these odd glitches, I still found the overall experience to be excellent and I would definitely return to this hotel. Yes, it is expensive, but the view of the Eiffel Tower that we had from our room was priceless. I also give high praise to the spa- I had wonderful facial- another American Express Fine Hotel amenity.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>skinanny
<Content>George V Loved this hotel Checking into this hotel, is like a slice of heaven. The staff greets you like your family, and you are home. Our room was beautiful and overlooked a beautiful and quiet courtyard. If I had one complaint about the room, it would be the bathroom only had one sink, other than that it was a large beautiful room. Housekeeping was the best I have had all through Europe. I could not believe that every little detail was attended to. At night our pj's were folded neatly on our bed. The food was fabulous, and the gym was also great. They have a small area overlooking the indoor pool, where after working out you can go and have some coffee, tea, and a light snack. all in all the 4 nights were very special, very expensive, but what a lovely birthday I had.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShaunaSchain
<Content>Absolutely the best       Lobby flowers  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heva_t05
<Content>The best I stayed at the four seasons twice now i would reccomend it to everyone. I came with my auntie and uncle and cousin so of a night i stayed in minding my cousin and my auntie and uncle went out. I orderd room service which was quick and fantastic food. Of a morning we went into the resurant down stairs for breakfast which was the perfect egg you could ever get haha. The Staff at four seasons were the nicest politest people nothing was to much trouble for them. If you left your shoes outside your bedroom door at night they would take them away and clean them for you it was fabulous. The bedrooms were out of this world I think we had the suite with the living room in it it was so relaxing shampoo and soaps were fabulous. I would really recomend this hotel. Its is worth the money you pay.Heather  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>99lopeza
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed in I have been in wonderfull hotels for work in all over Europe and this is the best hotel I have ever tayed in . This is not only due to the quality of the assets (room, bed, Toilet, room size) but to the quality of the people. They seemed in love with their work and this is something extremely difficult to find. They did us an upgrade and they treated us like kings/queen. I definitively will come again. The price is very high but to be honest its worth every penny of it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cupcake333
<Content>Too wonderful for words!! Breathtaking hotel!! We were there for eight days w/ our three daughters in July...Memories we will never forget! Every aspect of George V is superb!! My youngest daughter is born on Bastille Day...during a private guest celebration they brought in a birthday cake and had a special surprise celebration for her! So lovely it is impossible to mention everything!! Rooms, Lobby , Staff, Service and so children friendly! Thank you George V !!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djthomas
<Content>The best hotel in the world - without a doubt       The hotel courtyard  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gellura
<Content>Superb hotel Truly magnificent hotel in the heart of Paris. Expensive but worth every dollar. Luxury at its best in Paris.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AimsHinton
<Content>Simply Superb!       Dinner and dessert at Le Cinq  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onmyway
<Content>Worth Every Penny Once Again the Fours Season's is the best.!!!! We stayed in Paris for 6 nights, 4 at the George V. The staff was very accommodating. Having heard that Paris can be difficult for those that don't speak French, I book ed the George V specifically for the concierge service. While we were visiting at a very busy time we never felt the service suffered. Upon arrival our room wasn't ready but we were offered the option of an upgraded room without a view that would be ready sooner or a wait for the better view. Traveling with a weary child we opted for the upgrade. While waiting for our room, we had breakfast in the terrace room. When I informed the waiter of family food allergies, the Host offered to write a note in French for me that I could give to the wait staff at any Paris restaurant. How thoughtful!!! We consulted the Concierge about directions and attractions and they were always helpful and on target. When we were going to walk to the D'Orsey the concierge advised a cab since it was closing soon. We were given the option of a car to Versailles, but the Concierge suggested the short walk to the RER train at Port Alma would be less expensive and very easy. It was. I highly recommend the Museum Pass. It is available at the gift shop. The pass allows you to use a separate entrance and avoid the crowds at most attractions. While I had read on this site that we would have to wait in line for ticket for our child anyway so the pass wasn't a time saver, I only found this to be the case Les Invalides. And there wasn't a line anyway. The staff at the Four Seasons handled our dinner reservations and we were treated very well at the restaurants. I really appreciated this after inquiring at a subsequent Paris hotel about a restaurant and the staff opened the back door and pointed. Later it turned out it was closed. Stay at the Four Season!!! Fini across the street has a 5 euro breakfast including croissant, coffee and juice. They also have take out food and drinks. This will curb your mini bar expense. A Budweiser is 12 euros in the mini bar.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>transatlanticfoodie
<Content>Wonderful Experience Beautiful hotel in one of the best locations. Central to everything. You definitely feel luxurious walking into the lobby. The flower arrangements are unbelieveable and the service superior. The spa was lovely. Truly an oasis to escape from the world after a long day of shopping or touring. Expensive but worth every penny.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>ITTS
<Content>Sense of Perspective Please Stayed 4 nights with my family (kids 11, 13).Looking at some of the other reviews I'm wondering if some reviewers are visiting when celebrating big personal milestones and they are maybe gettng a wee bit carried away on their own personal wave of euphoria.My only small gripe was the lack of public areas; there were only two places that you could possible 'take 5'. One was the bar which was quite compact, dark and incredibly smoky (even at breakfast!!). The only other place was a kind of very wide corridor to the lifts which had a number of seats and couches - however the hotel was more keen to be serving meals at these seats; whenever I passed the area was always full with people having meals and, again, was unpleasantly smoky.. Would just have been nice to have had a bit more public space were guests can relax and, if the hotel can't find the space, at least make what is available non smoking.Make no mistake though, this is a superb hotel in a terrific location with staff who are on a mission to make the hotel experience they give you the best. The rooms are excellent, spacious, comfortable and maid service does a clean twice a day - you get the feeling they are actually looking for things to fold, put away, tidy up etc rather than just rush in and out. We used room service for breakfast and one evening meal (one of the kids was unwell) and found them uber efficient and freindly.The spa and pool were good for a City hotel and, yes, the floral displays were striking and radical.Best bit really was the location - you're slap bang in the golden triangle with a couple of dozen terrific restaurants right on your doorstep. 5 minutes walk down George V Avenue to the river and you've got a cafe on the corner with fantastic views of the Eiffel Tower; great for a nightcap and to see the tower glittering in the night. Forget eating on the Champs Elysee; full of clip joints and scammers. Of course the hotel is crazily expensive but so are many other less accomplished places - at the George V they do deliver.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Challenger007
<Content>One of the finest Hotels in the World This was the one and only Hotel I wanted to stay in when planning a trip to Paris, and it exceeded all my expectations. The Four Seasons Paris is in a word '' beautiful . The Four Seasons is well located, and every detail impresses. The world famous floral displays will astound even the most jaded, there is a gorgeous modern/ formal center garden, magnificent dining room, lovely bedrooms/ bathrooms, and generous closets! All of the staff we encountered were excellent and every space immaculately maintained. The dining room is a surreal Dinner setting and as you arrive to your table a staff member magically blankets the table top with fresh rose petals, tucks in cymbidium orchid blossoms, and candles. During my stay, there was a large VIP event in Paris and despite the high number of recognizable actors and sports celebrities swirling about, every Guest received the same VIP treatment. This is an extremely comfortable property despite the formality of the decor' and excellent in every way.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelloveraus
<Content>I thought Id died and arrived in heaven This is itthis is what Paris isGeorge V is the ultimate Parisian HotelWe were met at the door of the airplane by a gent holding a card with our name, whisked passed the queue thru the diplomats/staff aisle then our luggage was located and taken to our van / transfer.Our driver took us to George V and gave us a mini tour on the way. Upon arrival we were met by the doorman as if coming to our own home, very warm and welcoming. Reception check in was efficient and very courteous. We were personally taken up to our 2 rooms and the young German lady explained everything to us - made us feel like well as if everyone really appreciated us staying at George V. The rooms were gorgeous. On the 6th floor side view onto George V Avenue. The housekeeping kept the rooms immaculate, replenishing the toileteries Bulgari !!! and just continuing the absolute blissfull state from beginning until end.We had breakfast each morning (included in our stay) and felt nothing but pampered by EVERYONE on staff. The food was faultless, delicious, well presented and served by staff who served as if they were actually enjoying their job.The flower arrangements were the most beautiful and creative display of art comparable to none other.....the mood in the hotel was one of quiet luxury and peaceful well co ordinated staff who just wanted to do their best and were always on their best most personable behaviour for ALL guests staying.If you ever have the opportunity of going to Paris - my only tip would be to stay at George V and get a taste of heaven.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindabr
<Content>a truly amazing experience We have just returned from a weekend at Georges V to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary. When we walked in to the lobby it took my breath away - it was so beautiful. We had afternoon tea in the Gallery with champagne, and then went to our room. Wow! Everything was stunning, the bathroom, the fluffy robes and slippers, the huge plasma TV, books by famous authors who stayed there, magazines, fabulous toiletries, the list goes on! The location is perfect for taking a stroll down to the Seine, or shopping. Breakfast in the dining room is also highly recommended, as well as a nightcap in the beautiful bar. I cant think of anywhere better in the world to celebrate a special anniversary.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grandtraveler
<Content>#1 Rating is deserved On my first trip to Paris I decided to stay at one of the best hotels in the world! George V deserves all the rave reviews. The customer service is spectacular. I felt welcome right from the start as a solo woman traveler. The concierge was always helpful, and every question I had was answered pleasantly. I arranged a pick-up at the airport by the hotel, which was perfect. I didn't want to have to worry about arriving at a new city with jet-lag. The staff was waiting for me after I passed through customs. On arrival at the hotel at 9:00am my room was not quite ready so they offered for me to wait in the spa. Say YES, the relaxation room at the spa is spectacular. Little beds with fluffy duvets and curtains, where I could have stayed the whole day if necessary. My room was ready just 30 minutes later. My room, 605, was huge, and the bathroom was probably the size of most hotel rooms in Paris, approximately 10 x 15 ft. The bedroom had French doors overlooking an alley off Avenue George V, with a balcony. The Bulgari toiletries are wonderful. The location is perfect with a quick walk either to the Seine or Champs-Elysees. Tips: Take a bathing suit. The spa pool and facilities are included in your stay. Enjoy! The George V massage (extra $) is fantastic. Buy a metro full day pass and the Museum Pass. Make a daily outline of the things you want to see in Paris. I ran out of time so I am looking forward to my return in 2008. My visit of 3 nights was not long enough.The hotel is everything you read about and more. Life is short........Treat yourself!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RLA
<Content>Best mega-$plurge city hotel in the world. No contest. Our stay at the George V started as we de-planed our overnight flight (groggy and still knowing only enough French to confirm the person we're speaking to speaks English), only to find a Four Seasons representative literally waiting for us in the jet bridge of the plane (just like the previous TripAdvisor reviewer's experience). Yes, the Four Seasons car service actually puts a rep in the jet bridge to assure its passengers see the rep right away and get through customs, to the car, luggage and all, in a seemless fashion. This service (which, including the ride to the hotel, takes about 45 minutes) can be yours, too, for the bargain basement price of 240EUR. Value? For us, yes. For people that can navigate their own way through the nooks and crannies of CDG and find the very obvious taxi cab stand sign, probabaly not remotely worth it. [The car service can be pre-arranged with the hotel concierge].  George V doesn't miss a beat. Everything you'd expect from the #1 rated hotel in the world for several years running according to various travel guides. But also.....things you wouldn't necessarily expect: for example, 1) accomodating very early check-in (we arrived around 11:00AM and our room was ready.....during the French Open finals, this is a pretty great first impression), 2) a high-pressure shower (in Europe, you never know what you're gonna get), 3) oversized bath sheets that are the perfect thickness to cuddle into after your first post-flight shower, yet thin enough to still wrap your hair into (girls know what I'm talking about), 4) bed linens out of some sort of cloud-like dream world 5) a separate elevator leading directly to the basement spa to allow guests to dscreetly wear robes without risking a stop in the celeb-filled lobby (NB: one of the best massages I've ever had) and 6) world renowned concierge service that isn't afraid to recommend a normal priced neighborhood italian joint down the road or take ample time out of their day to teach my map-obsessed husband everything about the Paris city layout in great, great detail. . The list goes on and on. This hotel is perfectly situated - walking distance to restaurants, cafes, the Louvre, shops and the subway (we took the subway to Roland Garros and made it there, door to door, in less than 20 minutes).I would highly suggest an afternoon tea, or dinner or just dessert in Le Galerie at the George V. Stunning setting, fantastic food, flawless service and some of the best people watching in Paris. While Le Galerie is expensive, it's one way to experience dining at the George V without paying Le Cinq prices (the famous George V formal restaurant); and still having a wonderful experience.Le Bar at George V is great for a 20EUR+ cocktail or two and your annual quota of second-hand cigar smoke....but if you'd like an equally chic scene, but with slightly more energy and great music, check out the bar at Plaza Athene for the best 26EUR white chocolate martini you've ever had. Or, check out the bar at the Pershing Hall....belly up and order the dessert tasting menu - fabulous bar vibe and great people watching.For a break from the busy city... I highly recommend taking the spa-dedicated elevator to the George V spa, pool and fitness facilities. Gorgeous setting (silver padded tufted walls in the gym and mural painted walls and ceiling in the pool area) and ample facilities (3 new treadmills, 3 elipticals and weights in the gym)....such a great change of pace and definitely worth checking out.NB: For those new to France, the majority of restaurants and cafes include gratuity in the price of each item. If you received top notch service, an additional 5% seems perfectly adequate for an extra tip (10% for extraordinary service). However, we learned that leaving extra gratuity (in France in general) is not expected.  Last NB, we returned to the George V about 10 days after our initial visit for one last night in the city...as our car pulled up, the multi-tasking doorman said Welcome Back and got our names right. Unbelievable.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>symantix
<Content>Best Hotel In Europe I travel only a few times a year, so when I go somewhere, I want it to be as special as possible. After reading reviews here and finding that the George V is part of the AMEX Platinum program, we booked a deluxe King for 800 Euros. This happened to be our honeymoon, so I really wanted it to be extra special. As such, I wrote a letter in advance of our arrival. My AMEX rep also made a note in the reservation. Upon our arrival at CDG, we were met at the plane doors by a George V representative, and personally escorted through passport control  customs. We didn't have to wait in any lines or even stop to be inspected. We were then whisked away in a Mercedes van and arrived at the George V in about 45 minutes. I was very disappointed to learn they did not honor our guaranteed upgrade (something about full occupancy due to the French Open). Nonetheless, we were personally greeted by the new hotel director and escorted up to our room, which had a partial view of the Eiffel Tower. There were champagne and chocolates waiting for us, but no rose petal covered bed, candles, or other fancy tricks done by other top hotels for honeymooners. This too was slightly disappointing. The toiletries were BVLGARI brand, but seemed relatively cheap. I much prefer the Aveda or Kiehls products used by other hotels. We ate breakfast at Le Cinq every day (US$50 per person), and had a few drinks at Le Bar (US$33 each). Both experiences were ridiculously expensive, but worth the special treat. We were on our honeymoon, afterall. The spa was lovely, and the indoor pool featured wall murals depicting Versailles. The concierge could read us instantly, and made exceptional dinner recommendations for us. Make no mistake, this hotel will cost you an enormous amount of money. However, it is as close to perfection as you can get on a continent known for small rooms and poor service.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Vuittonsofstyle
<Content>Still the best, possibly better? We have stayed at George V several times since it reopened under Four Seasons around 7 years ago, but wondered how everything would work now that GM, Didier le Calvez has left for Shangri-La (Is he crazy?!!). Swiss GM Christopher Norton has taken over, someone we met at Four Seasons Singapore, and what a difference he makes. Staff seemed much happier on this trip and smiled a lot more. Service was more relaxed yet was at the same time more professional - a clever balance. Le Cinq, the hotels' exceptional fine dining restaurant, lost one Michelin star this year (down from 3 to 2), but I think this is because of the turmoil caused by Didier le Calvez leaving. There were rumors at the time that the chef would follow. Luckily, he did not and the food remains as good as ever. Staff confided that lots of new ideas were going to be implemented - things that my husband and I have suggested for ages. Sounds like they are listening now. All in all, George V feels lighter and friendlier and we liked it better. It is the best hotel in a city anywhere.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SamFinch
<Content>The best hotel in Paris This is the perfect hotel. The staff are all won over to the idea of joy in service. On top of that there is the really wonderful 3* Michelin restaurant with its outstanding wine list. You have to be mad not to love this hotel - if you can afford it, stay here.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wake1967
<Content>Fabulous My wife and I have been fortunate to stay at many wonderful hotels around the world, and it's hard to imagine one any better. The service, friendliness, and amenities are impeccable. I would heartily recommend you stay here if you get the chance.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>merc2557
<Content>Fantastic and fabulous I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my husband and two friends who were all celebrating their 50th birthday and what a place to go. It is a wonderful hotel and the staff are fantastic from the moment you walk through the door.The main lobby is a spetacular sight with beautiful flower arrangements and our check in was quick and easy. We arrived late at night and our luggage was brought quickly to our room where there was champagne and a beautiful cake/dessert waiting for us. The room was a deluxe king and the bed is the comfiest bed i have ever slept in.The bathroom was excellant with luxury toiletries and soft robes.We used the spa twice and had some treatments which were excellant and staff were very courteous and the facilities fantastic.The attention to detail is second to none in this hotel and nothing is a problem for them.We ate in Le Cinq on our last evening and had a wonderful meal.The trip to this hotel was to celebrate the three birthdays and for me was an experience i'll never forget. It is very expensive but was worth every penny  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annielovestotravel
<Content>V stars for the George V Thousands of critics and hotel snobs cannot be wrong--this is hotel heaven. Spending a girls' weekend in Paris in the spring at the George V is a truly magical experience. We arrived in the morning (overnight flight from New York) and were warmly greeted by the staff. We were informed that our room was not quite ready, but that the bellman would be delighted to bring our bags to the gorgeous spa so that we could take showers, have a light bite to eat, enjoy the quiet room, have a swim, sauna or steam, and just generally relax and recharge. Ahh....We enjoyed some spa time, showered and headed out for a lovely lunch in St. Germain. Upon our return to the hotel--where the unbelievable lobby flowers from the morning had been freshened up by even more unreal arrangements--we learned that our room was ready and naturally our bags were already in our room. Ahh...Our room was on the fifth floor with a gorgeous view of the gardens and Avenue George V. It was spacious and comfortable with an enormous bathroom. The closets were large with lots of hangers and there was plenty of drawer space--little details that many hotels seem to be forgetting about these days. The decor reminded us of a little girl's dream Princess Room. Lovely, warm yellows and soft creams. The room was ornate but not overdone. A crystal chandelier glistened in the sun-filled space. The beds were the perfect combination of firm and soft, warm and cool. And the towels and robes were exactly what you expect when you go to a Four Seasons. The usual Bulgari treats were plentiful. Our chambermaid was exceptionally thoughtful. She arranged my shoes in the closet, and thoughtfully closed and arranged all of my bath products I'd carelessly left unsealed. We had breakfast in our room as the sun shone in and the breeze blew by. The best croissants, juice and jellies I have ever tasted. And the coffee was divine. I began to wonder...were they drugging me with laughing gas through the vents?We did not eat in the restaurant, but enjoyed drinks in the bar. Though small and crowded one evening (wedding revelers took up a good part of the bar), the space is ruby red and rather imposing but warm and welcoming with a lovely staff and a truly memorable Sancerre. The concierge service, as at every Four Seasons I've visited, was phenomenal. The staff--truly exceptional in every way. It's an expensive spot no matter how you slice it, but the slice is heavenly. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Onslow
<Content>Fabulous Honeymoon Spent a week here for our honeymoon and it is without doubt one of the best hotels in the world. We travel a lot and had high expectations based on recommendations but everything was as good as we hoped. The staff were so gracious but respectful unlike so many other top hotels in Paris and the food in Le Cinq absolutely fabulous. We ended up dining twice and it was worth every penny. The spa was exquisite and well worth a visit for a pamper. The room was beautiful and what we expected from a Four Seasons. We even ended up with an Eifel Tower view which made it very special. All in all highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flunie
<Content>Ultimate Luxury Hotel in Paris My wife and I and another couple stayed at this magnificent hotel for 3 nights in April 2007. It's certainly one of the nicest hotels I have ever seen. The physical environment is impressive. Gorgeous lobby in marble and luxury finishings. The flowers in the hotel lobby and restaurants alone must cost them thousands per day. The room was large by Paris standards, with a walk-in closet, large, lovely bathroom, and the bedroom was decorated beautifully with the most tasteful, lovely decor imaginable. We were in a back courtyard with trees, so the view was not special, but it was also very quiet. The location is superb. Near the Champs-Elysees and great shopping. Convenient to 2 Metro stations. They were always able to get us taxis, which is sometimes a problem in Paris. The service is over-the-top, typical for a Four Seasons. We only had breakfast in the restaurant, although they are supposed to be one of the best dining experiences in Paris. Thank goodness we had a special deal which included breakfast because otherwise it was 35 Euros per person for a continental breakfast! We did not have time to check out the spa/exercise facilities, although I'm sure they were great. The concierges handled all our requests very competently. They seemd to be busy 24/7 with their high maintenance guests. The guests themselves were quite the well-heeled sort, well-dressed, good-looking, wealthy types, etc. That may or may not suit you. And that brings me to my last point. If money is no object, why would you not stay at this hotel? However, if you either care about your wallet, or feel that it's important to get ultimate value for your dollar (or euro), you may ask yourself whether it's really necessary to spend this kind of money for a hotel room in Paris. Most tourists who come here are probably busy vsiting museums, sites, shopping, and doing all the things that Paris has to offer. So, like New York, how much time are you actually spending in the hotel anyway? Furthermore, there are really a lot of other choices in Paris Hotels where you can have a very nice experience for half the cost. So, ultimately, although this was a once in a lifetime experience, I would stay somewhere else next time I am in Paris. Not to detract from what was a very special trip.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SimoneP
<Content>Incredibly luxurious, unsurpassed service, but at a price I have just returned from a short trip to Paris, which as usual was wonderful. I stayed at the super-luxurious Four Seasons George V Hotel. This place simply oozes luxury - our basic (if you can call it basic!) twin room was extremely comfortable and spacious, with a huge marble bathroom, a small lounge area and a mini bar which was more like an entire store! The hotel lounge is sumptuous - take afternoon tea with cakes from the trolley, the cakes look like jewels and taste of heaven - and the atmosphere is very relaxed and friendly. The bar is fantastic - quite masculine but very cosy and comfortable. The restaurant is extremely beautiful - very formal but not stuffy; the food was super-rich and beautifully cooked and presented - it's not to my taste but if you like the Michelin 3-star style you'll love it, although maybe not the prices: some main courses were 250 euros each. I know you wouldn't usually think about flower displays when considering which hotel to stay in but at the George V they're an art form. They ship in 15000 blooms a week and have a team of florists refreshing vases on an hourly basis - nothing's done half-heartedly at the George V. The best thing about the hotel though is the staff - they are welcoming, friendly and unstuffy, but the service is superb and they are not over-familiar or intrusive; for me they made the hotel. I'm not loaded and this was a special treat, but despite the hotel being stuffed to the gills with the uber-rich, I never felt uncomfortable or out of place. If I had one critiscm it's that this fabulous hotel is very, very popular with the very rich and corporates so it was very busy - a couple of times we couldn't get a seat in the lounge or bar - of course the staff soon sorted that out for us. If money's no object then go to the George V; if it's for a special occasion and you don't mind splashing out then go there; if you like to get value for money then go elsewhere!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>la femme folle
<Content>Fantastic Service My husband, 15 month old son and I stayed for 2 nights in March 2007. As stated by most, the service here is fantastic. Felt welcomed as soon as the cab pulled up. The hotel front desk went out of their way to ask our room preference, give our son a welcome toy, escorted us to the room, got us extra baby supplies etc. They had welcome sweets and Evian for us and Madeline cookies and juice for our son. The house keeper came by to introduce herself. They have so many great things available for kids/babies traveling. They gave us diapers, powders, bibs without asking. I was out of diaper disposal bags and the housekeeper brought me a whole roll, no charge. They even gave us baby Bulgari soaps for a baby bath! The room we had was large, by European standards with a beautiful bathroom. We had a little step out balcony, not with Eiffel view, but all of Paris at night is lovely. The only things I was surprised about were that the TVs are outdated,they have VCRs. The bathroom should have heated floors or at least heated towel bars, and it does not. For the money they charge,( those things are a must for luxury hotels these days) it should be flawless. Location is also very convenient.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seattletohongkong
<Content>Sorry - disappointed The splurge of our 2-week European trip was 4 nights at the Georges V in Paris in September 2006. Certainly it is beautiful, the service was impressive, but unless there is a view, you could be in any city, which I found very disappointing. For a thousand dollars a night, (not a discounted rate) the hotel could not find a room to switch us to with a view. Our room was the only room down a long hallway (#310, I believe) that looked out onto an alley-like street with neon signs right in our view. I didn't want to show my extreme disappointment to my husband but I would not go again unless a view was specifically mentioned as reserved. I was hoping for a view similar to their advertising. Perhaps $1,000 rooms are entry-level at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tiggertigger
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Oh gosh - where to start. This is a magnificent hotel - absolutely gorgeous and the service is amazing.Everything is on a very grand scale.Dine in the restaurant as often as you can afford, enjoy a drink at Le Bar. I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenagar
<Content>Perfect treat for myself after weeks roughing it in Africa!!! Stayed in some of the most fabulous hotels in the world, Peninsula  Four Seasons, Beverly Hills; Copacobana Palace, Rio de Janeiro; Westcliff, Jo'burg; etc...the Geoge V Four Seasons Paris trumps them all! I arrived at CDG airport from volunteering in Africa to a lovely welcome the moment I stepped off the plane. I was escorted to a customs officer and proceeded through before the other passengers. My transfer was in an elegant MB and the check in was speedy and efficient despite arriving several hours before check in time. Room was gorgeous and food and service were the absolute best I have ever had the privilege of experiencing. I was addressed by name by nearly every staff member. My stay was absolutely flawless ,as I expected from a hotel of this reputation.The George V hotel is certainly very special and I appreciated the amazing service and ambience even more after being without proper running water, electricity, service, and acceptable food for 3 weeks. My senses were able to come alive again in this magical place and everything from the wine and the food at Le Cinq to the spa treatments were the best I experienced in my life. Will definitely be returning as soon as possible.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCSCLondon
<Content>The ultimate 5 star experience We were overwhelmed from the second we arrived to the second we had to leave 鈥?incredible service and luxury. The Spa was a haven and our room stunning. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kryten713
<Content>Plumbing Problems Just returned from a two night stay celebrating our 25th anniversary. The hotel was beautiful, the room was exquisite, the small touches were well thought out.I didn't expect plumbing problems though from a luxury hotel. We were watching a movie in the room when we heard a strange noise. Upon investigation, it was water bubbling up through the shower drain. We hadn't showered yet as it was still early evening.We called maintenance who said there was no problem. I told him it was not hygenic but his response was that it wasn't toilet water. Toilet water or not, I would have at least expected the evening maid to disinfect the shower. She was already there when the maintance man came. She didn't clean the shower.I found that disgusting and unsanitary. I didn't use the shower again.I won't return there!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	5	1	4	5	-1	

<Author>T.O.Muflin
<Content>What else ? Only one word to sum up my experience at the Georges : WOW! Everything, from the check-in to the check-out, was just perfect. I won't spend lines describing all the fantastic amenities of that property (that would take hours). I'll just stress out the quality of the staff (Catherine : you're the best housekeeper ever !). I booked on a crapy website ( osny-hotels.com ) avoid it if you can.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rahpont9
<Content>My Concierge at the George V - I love this guy! I'm not a very wealthy guy, but I'll always manage to save enough for a return trip to Paris and a few nights at the George V. My last trip there I stupidly picked up the wrong suitcase at the airport and only realized this when I unpacked in my room at the George V. I called the front desk and they immediately sent up a hotel manager (Thomas) who called the airport right there from my room. Thanks to Thomas and the concierge named Christophe my suitcase was in my room by noon the next day. I didn't tip them before hand, but rather when I left. They are what makes this hotel so great. I don't know what I would do to make this hotel any more special than it already is. It's expensive for sure, but it's also not always easy to get a room. The staff there is simply first rate. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJBayArea
<Content>Best Hotel in the World This hotel regularly shows up on 'Top 10 hotels in the World' lists, so we booked it last year. Wow, what fantastic, opulent, over-the-top experience! Our elegant deluxe room had a view of the Eiffel Tower, whose sparkling light show at night was spectacular. The hotel's food was wonderful, and breakfast in the beautiful conservatory, with views out large windows into the beautiful garden, was a treat. Service was great, all requests graciously handled in English. And the location on a beautiful street a couple of blocks off the Champs was ideal. This is my favorite hotel in the world!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gascony
<Content>george v as wonderful as usual.....but not the concierge stayed at the george v last weekend in feb. hotel has been my favourite in paris for many years and as usual it didn't disappoint. stayed in a 1 bed suite which was gorgeous. used the spa - treatments were of a very high standard and whilst a little pricey, good value given the standard and the location. only had breakfast in the hotel (i prefer to eat in lobby lounge rather than the cinq restaurant - cinq is a bit stuffy for me for breakfast) which was great. 1 thing annoys me and i have found it consistently poor at this hotel -- the concierge has a very high opinion of himself and clearly has people he does deliver for and others he just ignores. the queue to talk to the concierge desk need not have existed if they were more organised and the dismissive approach they take to anything other than a table at guy savoy or some other high end request is really quite inappropriate. if you use the concierge for a restaurant booking do it before you get there via email or phone -- don't bother to go see them unless you're dressed head to toe in chanel couture......and wave lots of euro's at him  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rebru2003
<Content>High expectations met!! What a brilliant hotel!We had booked directly with the hotel and they had asked if it was for a special occasion. I told them it was for our anniversary.On arrival at the hotel we were swiftly checked in and taken to our room. On entering we realised we had been upgraded to the hugest suite I have ever seen in my life. Beautiful double aspect living/dining room with a table to seat 10. Amazing bedroom and bathroom. Guest toilet and kitchen. We had booked a superior room so this was a huge upgrade. Personal note from the manager and a bottle of champagne was another lovely touch.We hadnt wanted to eat in the hotel restaurant as we wanted something less formal. The concierge recommended a restuarant for us, made the booking and arranged a complimentary car to take us there. Next morning had a tasty breakfast. Good choice of food and excellent staffThe hotel is very grand and quite formal which I dont always like but the george V does it very well and we did not feel uncomfortable at any time. Could go on and on praising it but will just end to say that I will be very hard pushed to find somewhere where I will get treated as well as we did. Four seasons at its best!!!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KittyBlizzard
<Content>Once in a lifetime My wife and I stayed four nights at the George V to start our honeymoon, and it couldn't have been better! Everything from the anti-jet lag massage on arrival to the lunch at Le Cinq just before we left (on the Orient Express to Venice -- also highly recommended!) was exquisite! Really the perfect start of the once-in-a-lifetime trip. If it weren't for the price, we'd return every year!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>krcmdnyc
<Content>Could not be more perfect! I spent my 40th birthday at the George V between Christmas and New Year's, and it is so magnificent. Everything, from the service to the rooms to the restaurant to the spa to the amenities, is absolutely first rate. There are other grand hotels in Paris, some with even greater provenance, but they all basically need a 30 million dollar renovation. The George V has had this renovation, and it gleams. The staff is so polite, friendly, and helpful. I really felt at home. I would recommend asking for a well situated room(eg facing out to the street as opposed to another building's courtyard) over a larger room or suite. Being able to look out onto the Avenue George V is, in my opinion, so much more beautiful than more square feet and someone's ugly backyard as a view. Lastly, go for dinner at their restaurant, Cinq. It was the most expensive dinner of my life, but well worth it! Overall, my greatest compliments to this perfect hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smileyw
<Content>Christmas at Four Seasons            
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mesh
<Content>Oh so sorry to say its not perfect! Just returned from our second stay at Four Seasons George V, Paris. We were lucky to be upgraded again to a beautiful suite. All was perfect until the last evening. Started with room attendant smashing a glass by the mini-bar, accidents do happen. Took 1/2 hour for housekeeping to arrive to clear up glass, not unduly a problem for us. Ordered room service, two meat dishes of the day, as per previous evening. Had checked the content of the dishes earlier in the day and confirmed with room service when ordered. As usual the meal arrived exactly on time but this time completely the wrong order! Room attendant phoned room service to get order changed to our original request. Room service called to apologise and double check order. Order arrived 40 mins later, 1hr 10 mins now since first ordering meal, correct meat everything else wrong! Asked for bread to be brought as well and when this was delivered the attendant dropped it on the floor. He spent some time on hands and knees looking for a missing bread roll, which by this time had become quite comical! All this shattered our illusions about the service from this beautiful hotel. Try the ice-bar if you are visiting, we had a wonderful time there. Do check your bill as mentioned in other posts,we were charged for parking two cars for one of our nights stay! The wrong room rate had also been quoted. Would we go back? yes definitely!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>lindilou
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with Great Service I just returned from Paris on the 12th. I stayed at George V two nights. I enjoyed every minute of my stay. The hotel is located in the 8th arrondisement (district) on Avenue George V. It is about a block from the Champs Elysees. My room was a little smaller than I anticipated, but it came with all the accoutrements of a room at a luxury hotel, including a full-size umbrella. That really came in handy since it rained both nights of my stay. There are Bulgari toiletries in the bathroom, a large terry cloth bathrobe and terry cloth slippers. The bed is something else!! It's like sleeping on a cloud. There is a down mattress pad on the bed, and you just sink in it. The pillows are fluffy and comfortable. There is this wonderful smell in the room due to a sachet in the closet. The first night at the hotel you can leave your shoes outside your room and they will shine them, complimentary, and leave them for you before you leave the next morning. They wrap them in tissue paper. It's such a nice touch. I arrived early and had to wait a few minutes for my room to be ready. I was seated in the dining/lobby area. I was about to put my purse on the floor when a young lady brought over a stool and put my purse on it. I was given complimentary tea and biscuits and a Herald Tribune while I waited. I was allowed to check in early at no extra charge.There is turn down service each night. There were truffles and a bottle of Evian water in my room when I arrived. I ate breakfast there one morning. It was almost 50 euros. I only had crepes, ham, and American coffee. That was a bit too expensive for me. There is an Hediard store next door. Louis Vuitton is a few steps away. There are too many restaurants and shops nearby to mention. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind paying for luxury.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobster115
<Content>Absolutely perfect! I took my mum to Paris for her 60th birthday in November. We stayed at the Four Seasons for 3 nights and it was absolutely perfect from the moment we arrived. All of the staff were extremely helpful, attentive and so friendly. We were upgraded to a superior twim room and the hotel provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne and cake as a birthday treat. The decor in the room is beautiful and the housekeeping staff do a fantastic job. We dined in the hotel restaurant which was lovely and the staff were as attentive as ever. The Ice Bar in the hotel courtyard is worth a visit and so is the Spa. An early morning swim is a great start to the day and then a sauna, steam and maybe a treatment is the perfect way to relax after a busy day of sightseeing and shopping. The hotel is a short walk away from the Champs Elysees, Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. There is no doubt that it is pricey to stay at the Four Seasons but it is definitely worth it. We were made to feel very welcome and enjoyed every minute of our stay.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>berenjenas
<Content>What's the buzz about? Ok. So it is true. The service is wonderful but hey with those prices, it'd better be. This hotel is expensive as heck... and for those prices I was expecting a very modern room or a really old and romantic Parisian-style room but that is very much limited to the lobby and the wonderful restaurant et 莽'est fini. The decor is a golden faux wall paper and the inside of the closet shows it is time for a makeover. If you want to dry your hair, good luck, you will need to keep your finger pressed on the power button and the cable is so short you basically have to turn around to dry all your scalp. But with all that said if you like to burn money just to say you stayed there.. well.. then you will have fun.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toshimiumiu
<Content>Incredible experience I have stayed in several Four Seasons hotels but nothing prepared me for this exquisite hotel. Having arranged to be met at the airport, we were greeted as we stepped off the airplane. Whisked to the front of the customs line and driven to the hotel by a knowledgeable and friendly driver. With our arrival we were treated as visiting family members. What did we need, was there anything to be done for us? The incredible service never let up from the dining room to the service workers. I read that some do not appreciate the renovation of the hotel. Not having seen it before, I cannot imagine how it could be better, The public spaces, the walls, the gardens, the flowers, the dining room, all are wonderful. This hotel is worth every euro it costs.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RBruse
<Content>Best Hotel Ever I stayed at this Hotel in October of this year. The service was fantastic. For a large Hotel I was always called by name and the Ass. Manager even ordered one of the house cars to take me to dinner.All the reviews are right. This is one of the best Hotels I have ever stayed in.And by the way, this must be the place to stay as while I was there M. Jordan checked in.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brum74
<Content>The Best From the moment you arrive at the George V you know you have reached a world class hotel. The doormen are welcoming, the check-in desk is amazingly friendly and all other members of staff smile and greet you as you walk around the hotel. The rooms are stunning. The Spa is the perfect place to relax. The hotel restaurant is the best I have ever had the pleasure of eating at. Le Bar is just the most amazing, understated place in which to sip late night cocktails. The concierge desk is amazing. These people have such clout, they will get you into the most exclusive places Paris has to offer 鈥?without queuing! And when at external venues they treat you like royalty because they want to keep the George V concierge happy. We stayed here for 3 days and I was did not want to leave. It is not cheap but it is worth every penny. Better to stay here for 3 nights than 5 or 6 nights in a bland, okay 5* hotel. I have stayed at 5* hotels all over the world and this is the best. I cannot say any more than that, just try it for yourself.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderingbear
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous One of the most fabulous hotels I have ever stayed at.Once you get to a certain star rating, most hotel amenities are pretty typical...lovely big rooms, great toiletries, spacious marble bathrooms, plush towels and linen etc The George V is no exception. The rooms here were simply beautiful and immaculately clean with all those lovely touches you expect.However, it is service that makes or breaks a hotel and I would have to rate the George V as one of the most friendly, efficient and welcoming hotels in the world. Nothing is too hard or too much trouble for the staff. The conciege was simply wonderful and the general staff were not only impeccably mannered, but also friendly and pleasant at all times. I dont think I saw a frown the whole time I was there. Anything you asked for was met with a good-natured smile and and efficient service. The bar staff were exceptional and the spa ladies were simply magic.The George V doesnt fall prey to the stiffness of service as other upmarket establishments such as the De Crillon. It is a class all its own - charming, friendly, beautiful and convenient - and oasis of calm in the middle of bustling Paris.Just perfect.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJS118
<Content>Great way to end a week in Paris Celebrated a belated honeymoon week in Paris.....spent the last two days in George V. It was a wonderful way to conclude our trip. To our delight we were upgraded to a mini-suite, beautiful room and bath (soaked in the deep tub both nights after a day full of sightseeing!) Service was impecable from the reception desk, spa, room service. While it is pricey, it was worth it!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J.P.Hernes
<Content>Perfect for the special occasion!       Oitside the George V  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The_Joneses
<Content>George V - Luxury        Duplex Upstairs Bedroom/Sitting Room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>misticane
<Content>Honeymoon at the George V We just got back from our European honeymoon and our 6 days at the George V in Paris was definitely the highlight. From the moment you check-in you're treated like royalty. This hotel is all about luxury. They had a nice bottle of champagne and a handwritten note for us upon arrival. It's blocks from the Champs Elysee - so we walked everywhere. Our suite had a balcony with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower. It was absolutely romantic. We relied on the concierge for pretty much everything. Where to eat. Where to buy cloths (Alitalia lost our luggage...) How to get to the flea market. So very helpful and kind. Spending the day exploring Paris is tremendous and coming home to the George V at night is a treat.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Manateegirl
<Content>Gorgeous and Wonderful The beauty and magic of Paris all in this one hotel. Checking in was fast and efficient after a very long trip in. Our plan was to stay for a few nights then return for another few nights after traveling around for 2 weeks. Upon our return, many of the staff remembered us. It was very nice. Our only comment was that it was expensive to get an internet connection in your room. Usually when we spend that much for a room, an internet connection is included. Otherwise, service, ammenities were exceptional. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JohnSanDiego
<Content>The George V is #1. I stayed at the Four Seasons George V from September 7-11, 2006. Without sounding like a broken record, it is worthy of every accolade imaginable. If you want to find the business model for extraordinary customer service, look at the George V. Having attended a behind-the-scenes tour of Disneyworld to study customer service and how a perfect guest experience is created, I would highly recommend the George V as even better. The environment of gorgeous flowers, impeccable manners, and superb cleanliness is second to none. With countless hotel check-ins during 30 years of travel, the Four Seasons George V offers the best service I have seen. It is a rarity to see a Hotel Director out of their office, but at the George V the Director is a hands on manager. Jean-Claude Wetzel even checked my bags as I prepared for a late departure. A friend who was in our traveling party required medical assistance and before you could turn around, paramedics from the hotel arrived. A car and driver was provided immediately for an appointment with a quality physician at a Paris hospital. Fortunately, everything turned out well. The hotel's on-site Spa is highly professional, exceptionally clean, and customer friendly. Regarding food, the morning croissants were spectacular! The George V is in a superb location just a couple of blocks from the Champs and a five-minute walk from the Arc de Triumph. In my judgment, George V has earned Trip Advisor's #1 ranking in Paris. My genuine thanks to Mr. Wetzel and his staff! I will return for another stay.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cheriebebe
<Content>Perfect! This hotel is nothing short of perfectly perfect. And absolute dream!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acgk
<Content>True Paris Luxury Met all of our high expectations during our short stay . Impeccable service with one of the nicest rooms I've every stayed in.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>homebody12
<Content>OMG! The finest hotel I have ever stayed in. I have stayed in many Four Seasons and other wonderful places. This place tops them all!Concierge that will do anything. They are happy to see children.  We stayed in a fourth floor room looking out of the Ave George V. I was afraid it would be noisy. The windows must be two inches thick. Not a sound.Perfect English and French speaking staff. Charming, fun, relaxed. Everyone has smile like they know you know you have just arrived in the most wonderful slice of heaven in the most exciting city.Expensive but I'm happy to pay it now and again soon.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Abyss4
<Content>New convert This was our first stay in a 4-seasons property. We were visiting our eldest daughter who is studying in Paris for her birthday.Although our room was not ready on arrival we were treated to free drinks until it was.The service was exemplary throughout. Even the arrival of the Rolling Stones during our stay did not adversely affect the service mere mortals like us received.The concierge service was second to none and they even managed to get us a table in the Jules Verne restaurant in the Eiffel Tower at 24hrs notice in the midst of summer.Overall I can't speak highly enough of this hotel and we firmly intend putting more of our business their way and that is the highest accolade of all.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cardician
<Content>Everything its said to be and more. What can I say? This hotel earns its reputation. It is absolutely incredible in every way. So much so, that a person like myself who is not use to such fancy posh elegance was even a little uncomfortable there, though not due in any way to the staff.My girlfriend, now fiancee, arrived there to conclude our European vacation. I got us a suite and they had flowers and champagne waiting upon our arrival. It was such a magnificent room and moment that I went ahead and proposed to her there. Might as well take advantage of it.Really, everything about the hotel was great. Breakfast was included in our room price, so we had it delivered every morning. They brought it up and completely laid it out on the table for us. Very fancy and professional. Very nice. One night we ate at the more casual restaurant they have and it was incredible. Very friend staff. Very pricey. We didn't eat at Le Cinq, but if it is better than that, I imagine it must be nice.Everything about the rooms are incredible. The showers and bathtubs are insanely nice. The beds are supremely comfortable and the pillows were perfect. Every staff member we encountered were unbelievably friendly and it didn't seem forced or fake at all. Really we probably spent more time in our room than out seeing Paris just to really take advantage of the place. It was absolutely incredible. I really don't have a negative comment to say about the hotel. If you can afford it, you should do it at least once in your life.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tonto&Tabitha
<Content>Unbelievable We stayed for five days to celebrate a special birthday. We had high hopes and we weren't disappointed.Fantastic suite with a view of the Eiffel Tower - yes you pay for it but what a view!No coffee making facilities in the room which was a shame but the gym - wow! What a treat! We were given eucalyptus infused towels straight from the fridge to mop our brows as we sweated in the hot tub! The pool was glorious and the guys in the bar gave me a single yellow rose one night. Sweet!The best thing? The use of the George V mercedes! With liveried chauffeur - how Pretty Woman did I feel arriving with my hubby in that car! Everything was first class and then some. Would definitely recommend and would definitely go again. Any time.Fantastic hotel. Great location. Expensive but superb service - if you can stretch the budget for this - do it!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gradiva
<Content>Paris when it hiccaps! Succumbing to rave reviews similar to those one finds here, dining at Le Cinq was much dreamed about and highly anticipated. And indeed, the luxury of the dining room is impressive and grand, although the first grain of doubt, that is good taste yielding to knock-out ostentation, creeps insidiously at the first steps walking to the table.The next astonishment, swallowed silently , came with the welcoming starter arrival - how was it possible in a three-star Parisian establishment to serve proscuitto with absolutely no invention 鈥?just plain good old proscuitto on the plate? We were not in Italian trattoria鈥hat was a bit shocking, and ominous - the quality of the restaurant can ALWAYS be judged by this chef's treat before anything else arrives. It is the same in purpose as the first dazzling aria in an opera, made up to hold one鈥檚 breath, to astonish, to set up the mood for the remainder of the performance. Le Cinq was a perfect example of the rule, unfortunately.After such a starter, the proudly announced duck, advertised as having been cooked for 24 hours, revealed its best kep secret of being just a chewy sweet overcooked piece of protein, accompanied with Chinese style green beans, suspiciously reminding of the taste of China town in any major American city.Dessert was just as mediocre, and it was funny how pompous everything was described by the staff, with their eyes rolling in ecstasy, only to end up so bland and plain on the plate. Indeed the service was the best ingredient of the dinner, persuasive and even hypnotic - waiters were speaking so solemnly, with awe and reverence about the dishes. And then, after the sobering tastelessness of the first bite it was only too painful to feel the inability to join them in their near-religious worship of this eclectic edible food. One explanation may be that they never try Le Cinq food themselves because it鈥檚 so exorbitantly expensive that the management prohibits even the chef to taste a spoon or two? It is sad to see how the desire to be different and extravagant exterminated the bottom-line - serving fine French cuisine to delight all senses. Le Cinq must be so hype and in vogue due to the prestige they managed to create, and perhaps the diners simply don't dare to admit how poor the food is after paying a fortune for an evening of a surrealistic gastronomic discovery. And one last note 鈥?the d茅cor and flowers in the clear vases must be Four Seasons signature, as in Cairo or in Boston the decorations are very similar. Which takes the previously assigned admiration for originality somewhat away. Let it always be One Feasting Season in Paris, as in can be discovered in so many other great places, like L鈥橢spadon, to compare truffles to truffles.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gibsor3
<Content>It truly is one of the world's best. I spent 2 days at the end of a 2 week trip to Provence at the George V. I have, all my life, heard of the legendary hotel and my expectations were high. They were also completely met. If you have the means, this hotel will be a memorable experience from the moment you arrive to the moment they drag you out, kicking and screaming. The bar is expensive (expected), but the service is perfect. My only disappointment was with dinner at Le Cinq. My wife was not up for the tasting menu and I suspect that this was our error. The meal was good, but not memorable (unlike the bill). Ironically, we were to originally book dinners at Le Cinq and at Alain Ducasse at the Plaza Athanee, however Alain Ducasse is closed Saturday and Sunday (curious that a 5 star hotel's only restaurant can be closed like that). The concierge at George V recommended an alternative, Laserre, nearby on Boul Franklin D Roosevelt. It was magnificent.... only 2 star I believe, but a marvelous experience; a ballet of waiters like I have never seen. The food was memorable. I was very pleased with all of the recommendations of the cocierge.One other thing with the cocierge at George V. Ask if you can pick up the 3 or 5 day museum pass at his desk instead of waiting to get one at a participating museum. A 2 minute stop there can save you 2 hours in a line-up at the Musee D'Orsay or the Louvre.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mb_500
<Content>The Ultimate Luxury in Paris C鈥檈st la vie!We just returned from a week in Europe and spend the past four days at the George V in Paris. It was my first time at the hotel and I was apprehensive at first because I had the (wrong impression) that this large and old hotel was stuffy and stale. Well! The youthful doormen could not have been more gracious or charming and the lobby was perfection. It was airy and light, accented by exquisite, modern floral arrangements created by floral designer Jeff Leatham. (Note: for flower fans, it鈥檚 worth just checking out the hotel to have a peek at his work. It鈥檚 minimalist in the sense that he limits the varieties of blossoms in his arrangements and lush at the same time.) During our stay, the theme was purple; clusters tall glass vases were filled with heavenly purple-blue Vanda orchids. We were escorted to our room by the friendly reception attendant that checked us in. Our room, decorated in soothing mint green tones, was gorgeous and spacious though it was 鈥榡ust鈥?the standard-sized room with a king bed. The luxuriously comfortable mattresses, pillows, and bed linens will make you want to forsake the sights of Paris and stay in bed all day instead. I will note that the wake-up call, unlike at other hotels who have started to automate the task, are still done by a real, live person 鈥?a nice touch. The bathrooms, stocked with Bulgari Green Tea toiletries are spacious and have a generously sized glass shower stall. The bathtubs at this hotel are one of the few that I would actually use. Housekeeping was kind and efficient; I鈥檒l remember their great attention to detail, including closing a book that I left laying open on the nightstand and putting a bookmark in it! We also used the services of the tailor during our stay; though she did not speak English (and we did not really speak French) it was another pleasant experience. The outdoor patio (part of the La Galerie restaurant in the hotel) is a must for lunch or dinner during the warmer months. It鈥檚 set with chic, lavender striped cushioned chairs, lavender napkins, and of course the purple-blue Vanda orchids, hundreds of which were arranged to hang like a canopy at the center of the courtyard. Unlike some other Parisian eateries where sometimes ambiance (rather than the food) is the main attraction, we can safely report that the food at La Galerie was delicious and gorgeously presented. Case in point 鈥?gazpacho was served in a giant block of ice (6 x 6 inches) with a cylinder hollowed out in the middle. Prices are fairly high (upwards of 200 euros for dinner for two, including one glass of wine between the two of us), but it was worth it. Despite the hotel鈥檚 ultra-luxe reputation, I have found it to be a welcoming place, lacking in pretention (a bit rare in Paris I am finding these days). I enjoyed every aspect of my stay, from the moment we checked in. Though the hotel is one of the most expensive in the city, I received a most memorable experience - it was well worth it! The location is excellent, near the Champs Elysees and the shopping on Avenue Montaigne, as well as a stone鈥檚 throw away from dazzling views of the Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine. Needless to say, I was sorry to leave but am already planning my next visit.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for discerned gentleman and young, well-heeled alike As a young entrepreneur that frequents some of the finest hotels in the world, and truly do judge as a critic, George V is a gem. The customer service is unrivalled to any of the other establishments I have stayed at, and the Champs-脡lys茅es location speaks for itself. Sometime I do wonder how they manage to get all the details spot on, but with the Four Seasons price tag that should really be expected. Went here for a Mink Club private party, and the event rooms are also superb. Fully expect to pay top dollar though.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princeton12321
<Content>Perfection Ill spare everyone with all of the details, as theyve been discussed quite a bit in the other reviews. Let me just say that this is not only a fine hotel, it gives meaning to life. Im not usually one for corny sayings like that, but when you stay at this place youll know exactly what im talking about. Anyone can make a fine building, fill it with fine people and furnishing, and charge an armload to stay in it, but FS George V took it further. The attention to detail that they presented regularly, not just once or twice but every interaction, was superb. Little things like remembering my small daughter's name and addressing her as a small adult, knowing what kind of tea I prefered from their extensive menu after the first time we dined in the tea room, and recommending the perfect romantic restaurant in the city and securing impossible reservations last minute. All this, and the staff have ZERO pretentions about them (unlike the Ritz). The whole operation is so classy. I was very skeptical paying over a grand a night for a room, but I left feeling that the FS George V offered an incredibly good value for the money. I felt I recieved my money's worth and then some. Needless to say, this is my new address when I am visiting Paris for business or pleasure. Well done!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holstrav
<Content>The Best Hotel in the World by a mile       Corridor to our suite  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Constance  Far and away the best hotel in the world.As a minor added bonus, Philippe Legendre's cooking at the Cinq restaurant is quite possibly the best in the world right now, and Enrico Bernardo is almost certainly the best sommelier in the world.The 4 seasons paris makes life worthwhile .....It's literally difficult to know where to begin describing the hotel, as the design, execution, emotion, spirit, service, detail, skill and LOVE each individually set the standard for all major world hotels.Things may change in a few years, but here and now, the 4 seasons paris is 'it.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious+magnificant+exquisite = Hotel George V I have stayed at the Four Seasons located in Bevelry Hills, Maui, Arizona..........and this was my absolute favorite!!!The best hotel I have ever seen and stayed at!!The location was PERFECT....STEPS FROM THE CHAMPS ELYSEES, ten minute walk from Eiffel Tower....the heart of Paris!!This hotel iced the cake on my perfect week to Paris!!The service was expectional like always when you stay at a Four Seasons Hotel!The hotel is so well maintained it looked brand new.... the courtyard where lunch and dinner was served was beautiful!!! (all marble)The floral arrangements in the lobby were gorgeous...I can go on and on, every detail was perfected.. even the doorman鈥檚 uniforms were lavish they looked like toy soldiersTea in the afternoon is an experience I will never forget.....the delicate pastries and tea sandwiches came on tier cake plates...there was also a pianist while you drank your teaThe room and bathroom was well sized, especially for a city like Paris.I loved this hotel and would go back in a heart beat!!If you want to experience Paris at it's finest that the Four Seasons George V would be the only way to go.Location, Service, Ambience, and Room was well above average  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elian
<Content>Feels like home! Me and my husband returned to Paris and to George V for our honeymoon in October 2005. Everything was perfect!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BostonBP
<Content>Excellent for adults but no game room for kids We just got back. It was great. The staff was the best. The food was fantastic.We have an 11 year old and we travel all over the world. No game room and no kids club. The only thing I did not like was no wireless internet in our roomand no lcd TV's. We stayed one week. Paris was great.Everything else was 5 star!B.Pratt  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>just up and go
<Content>Perfect in Paris I took my niece and sister-in-law to Paris for their first visit there and decided to splurge on the George V. It was well worth it, and then some. I arranged for the hotel to pick us up at the airport, and were met at the gate by the hotel representative who whisked us through immigration. Well, well, worth the cost; nothing beats being able to jump to the head of the line when you're still half asleep from the long overnight flight. From check-in until the moment we left, we were treated so, so well. We had a deluxe corner room, which was decorated in pale blue tones and a lovely bath which also had a window. They had a small gift waiting for my niece; it is a great place to take children. The pool is a great way for kids to wind down after a long day of dragging them to the sights. The spa is simply incredible (I had a facial, my sister-in-law had a massage). The staff was so accomodating and not too overbearing. We ate at Le Cinq on our last night, which is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Great drinks and people watching in both the Gallerie and the bar. Overall, this was one of the most memorable hotel stays I've ever had; truly lovely in every way. I will say that this is not a hotel for everyone. If you prefer a small, intimate, even quirky boutique hotel, do not stay here. This is a grand, classic hotel that caters to those who expect to be pampered.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SELECTASPACE
<Content>George V (Out of V) We had the most fantastic stay at this grand dame hotel right on Avenue George V in the exclusive shopping area of Paris. From the moment you arrive you are transported into this world of nothing is too much trouble - the staff to guest ratio must be about 5 to 1 as you never waited that long to get served, and any request was dealt with efficiently and expediently. And it's not snooty of fussy - not like that horrible Prince De Galles next door...... the decor is old style empire feel with huge tapestries in the public areas and lots of marble, wood paneling and gilt. If you like Schrager etc it may send you a little mad ! Food is exquisite and very expensive and there's lots of interesting flower arrangements in the public areas. Everyone was very friendly and chatty. Weird ! You expect them to be a little snobby, but no, they're nice ! You feel comfortable to be there. Hmmm, must be that Four Seasons thing !We was upgraded to an unusual shaped room with 2 balconies overlooking the paris rooftops - very romantic. Bathroom was huge with the signature four seasons power shower, huge bath encased in marble. not over the top. just luxurious and functional.Spa probably has the best therapists in any hotel in Europe. Amazing ! nIce pool.Hotel is kid friendly - which is always worrying when you're coming to a hotel like this.And avoid the mini bar which is a rip off, 拢5 for a small packet of crisps !!! but aren't they always :-)And lastly, one critisicm - it's such a OVER perfect stay, with everyone pandering to your every need, so that you want for nothing....by the time you go back to the real world....it's quite a shock !!!!!Guess we'll have to book again then to get over it !Well done George V !!!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>faultless Everything and everyone we encountered at this hotel were immaculate. It was a refreshing change to not feel let down by any particular part of the stay. The room was plush and the bedding fresh and crisp - not like some hotels were the bedding smells musty from been laundered on mass.The staff were pleasant, helpful and friendly whilst remaining professional.The hotel lived up to it good reputation and was well worth the stay.We hope to go back again in the future. We will have to stay here again when next visiting Paris as staying anywhere else would feel like second best.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptionally Romantic!       Romantic balcony kiss!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luxurytraveler
<Content>Incredible-Best City Hotel in the World Anyone who finds flaws with this property needs to be admitted to a psychiatric facility!! This hotel is perfection in all respects. Definitely ranks as one of the top, if not THE top, city hotel in the world. The only caveat is that it鈥檚 also probably one of the most expensive, so beware.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SpaceHopperSussex
<Content>Outstanding I took my Company to the George V for our annual dinner this year where we also stayed overnight. It was exceptional. From the pre-stay organisation by the Conference staff to the moment of departure, the service was of the very highest standard and totally faultless in every aspect. I cannot see how it could ever be beaten or even rivalled.I cannot speak highly enough of the George V and will definitely return as will many of my staff.Hotels in Central London who claim to be on a par and certainly charge the same as the George V would benefit from a stay there to see how hotels of quality should and can be run.....  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJC73
<Content>Finest Hotel Experience Ever My fiance and I decided to celebrate our engagement at the George V in Paris and we could not have chosen a better place to do so.  From check-in to check-out it was an amazing experience that strangely leaves you a little hollow afterwards when you realise that the rest of the world isn't as perfect, friendly and efficient.  We arranged for an airport pickup that involves being met at the plane door and taken through passport control without having to queue which was not so important for us having only flown from London but if you had flown from further afield I think it would be greatly appreciated. The driver was extremely knowledgeable and provided some wonderful recommendations for some alternative sights to visit(this being the latest in a number of trips to Paris, we were keen to see something else other than the usual sights).  On arrival we were kindly upgraded to a deluxe suite on the 7th floor with an enormous terrace, whilst the view itself isnt all that inspiring (other than a distant view of Notre Damme), were it summertime this would be the wonderful place to have a romantic sunset drink. The suite itself was immaculately and tastefully decorated.  We had dinner that evening at Le Cinq, the 3 Michellin star restaurant and again were amazed by both the food and the service (they even managed to provide a perfectly fitted jacket, something I find hard to locate myself so this was quite impressive, as I had neglected to pack one). The restaurant itself is an elegant, highly decorated room and a wonderful experience, although were it not for the unfailingly friendly service from the staff the atmosphere could have been overwhelmed by the decor. If you are seeking a buzzing, cooking as theatre type experience this is probably not for you (we were recommended a restaurant called Costes which we wil try on our next trip to Paris) but our meals were perfectly executed and delivered with unfailing care and attention to detail.  Check out was very friendly (they remembered to provide congratulations on our engagement) although it has to be said that the bill is not for the feint of heart.  All in all the experience was one that we will never forget, the staff are to be highly commended, in the time we were there we experienced only a desire to do whatever it took to ensure that we had exactly what we required without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Macsa
<Content>Best hotel ever! Stayed with my wife for two nights after our wedding. This hotel was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. I was nervous initially given the big price tag and would have been disappointed should _anything_ have been below par. The staff and the hotel exceeded our every expectation.On arrrival at the beautiful building, in a fantastic location just off the Champs Elysee, we were greeted warmly and checked in with no fuss. We had been upgraded to a Deluxe room with a view to Ave George V. The room was huge! Beautiful decorations, not a mark on the furniture and everything in top order. The management had left a bottle of champagne and some chocolates for us :)We also ate in the restaurant and loved it! The food was smashing, and the service could not be faulted. My wife asked for an extra fork with my dessert and they brought her a second portion (complements of the chef!). (Food EUR310, Wine EUR90)Little things, like always keeping your ice bucket full, a shoe cleaning service and twice daily room make-up all added together to make our stay effortless, enjoyable and a real treat.Go if you can. We certainly will be saving to go again :)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trop Nouveau Riche 脿 la Theme Park Once in a while, we stay a week-end at the Four Seasons George V to check things out. Perfect in everyway, not much to add to what is superficially obvious. The d茅cor, although a tad too interior-designish, works well in combining the original Art D茅co and antique furnishings with various newer elements of English Georgean / Queen Anne / Regency, French Empire / Louis XVI / Neoclassical. Among the guest-room furnishing are coffee tables recognized from a well-known European source that one can easily special-order from the States. The overall effect is of a generic upscale beige in the bathrooms, and yellow or blue/gray in the rooms. Gone are the opulent red of the old George V.For the pure material level of comfort and service, North American / Canadian style, it is absolutely the ultimate in Paris. And the new George V itself is quite spectacularly beautiful, especially the courtyard.Having said that, however, we must redirect our critique to a more sophisticated level. The service at the Four Seasons George V, while exceptional, is in general too nouveau riche in taste: too friendly, too profusely accommodating, too, too much!!!! Is it THAT necessary always for the restaurant staff to accompany monsieur or madame out of Le Cinq to the toilettes???? Frivolous and embarrasing! But we have to give them credit for doing so with such gusto:Je vous accompagne! But other times, it's a different story. We lost a scarf in the bar, and the staff was too troubled to be asked to locate it. But they did try...Mind you, we are native Parisian French speakers. (So that goes to show rudeness is democratic in Paris, not just towards Americans!!!) What we also find disturbing - and sad - is the fact that the George V is now generically referred to as the Four Seasons, with the historic George V namesake lost somewhere in translation. What a shame! It was an American who initially created this hotel for the Anglophone client猫le, and named it in honor of George V. It is interesting to note that it is the International customers who always refer to it as the George V, while the American guests always call it the Four Seasons, not always aware of the hotel's significant historic American connection (General Eisenhower established headquarter here at the end of World War II), or the fact that Four Seasons is a Canadian chain.And after staying here for a while, the hotel does seem like another generic expensive venue for some people to play out their fantasy of wealth and power, and the atmosphere quickly ceases to be classy. We highly recommend this hotel for a general opulent stay, but beyond that, there are other hotels with more characters, and more histories. In addition, we much prefer the nuancely aristocratic, the discretely restrained, and the slightly stand-offish but acommodating service of the many other Parisian H么tel-Palaces.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>annalef
<Content>A great location It was a pleasure staying at this hotel. The service is quite good and you can walk in downtown Paris from the hotel to any major location.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Probably the best hotel in Paris This is one of the best Hotels in Paris, if not the best Hotel. It is situated 5 minutes from the Champs Elys茅es on one of the most expensive avenues in Paris. Many French designer boutiques, such as Chanel, are situated on the same avenue. The only downside? It is one of the most expensive hotels in Paris too.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CS-London
<Content>A Parician legend We just came back from Paris after we have spend three nights at this exceptional hotel. We normally stay at the Ritz Hotel but this time we have desided to stay at the Four Seasons George V. It is not easy to compare the two hotels as they are both prestige and world famous. The Ritz is smaller but it has more original French style rooms as well as, is in a better location and more near to everything. The only problem is that if you like the night life and also to see more people walking about during the night then you defently have to stay at the George V Hotel. Everything about this hotel is perfection; exceptional rooms, friendly staff prestige public areas with gleaming floors, 19th-century furniture and paintings, unique 17th-century Flemish wall tapestries, glittering chandeliers, and spectacular flower arrangements in the public areas by the world famous floral designer Jeff Leatham. During our stay we had a deluxe room on the 7th floor with the Eiffel Tower View. We also had twice dinner at the hotel's elegant dressed in grey and gold restaurant Le Cinq. The food is exceptional and the waiters very, very frendly. To be honest the staff here are more friendly than in the Ritz's Espandon restaurant. We also had two Spa treatments each which we have found to be very good. The swimming pool is smaller than the Ritz's hotel but it is also very very nice and luxurious. Today back in London we can only say that we shall defently go back to the Four Seasons George V Hotel, not only because it is defently the most prestige hotel in Paris but also for its exceptional service and friendly staff.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel - Wonderful Stay! The Four Season in Paris was amazing. Stayed for 2 nights in a suite celebrating anniversary. Lobby bar can become overly smoky at night, but is to be expected in Paris. Had facials and massages in the spa which were wonderful. Staff attentive to every need. No irons, if needed, contact the valet for clothes pressing.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymonner's - we loved it! Hello all Paris lovers,Let me start by saying that the few not so kind reviews in here, probably are posted by competitors or very ...strange people.We chose this hotel to be our honeymoon hotel and could not have found a better place!They say it's expensive, and sure that's true. But the value you get for your money here is unbeatable, in my opinion.The minute you walk in to the lobby, you are treated like a princess (or a prince for that matter) no matter who you are or what you want. The receptionists actually knew our names and our special requests, and they made us feel like they have been eagerly awaiting us to visit, without being too familiar. We ordered a deluxe room, and we weren't upgraded. Now, I do realize that a lot of people get offended by not getting a free upgrade when on a honeymoon. But with these rooms, you really can't be either disappointed or offended! They are so oversized and perfect - it's ridiculous.The decor is so stunning and perfect and the quality of the interior is amazing.The double door bathroom was more than perfect with a walk-in shower that easily took 3 people :), a bath tub, a large and beautiful sink and a separate toilet area. The products you get are BVLGARI. What a treat! Needless to say, we brought them with us.The bed and pillows were splendid. We slept like babies.The whole hotel is so well thought trough and the mix of super wealthy and famous people mixed with normal people, is lovely. You have stylish people mixed with no taste people with money. People watching is fun!You can wear casual chic or go for an advanced cocktail dress with some serious diamond accessories, and you'd fit right in. Do what ever you feel like. I wore a cocktail dress a couple of nights, when we had a drink in the bar before going out to dinner. I felt down right gorgeous. The bar-area with piano entertainment was one of our favorites, relaxing, great drinks, coffee and excellent service.  The concierge-service was absolutely brilliant, use them! They are such professionals.We had one of our dinners at restaurant Lasserre and how amazing it was! I recommend you to take the hotel limousine, it cost a little, but oh such luxury.When you arrive to the restaurant, you feel like you are invited to a mystery club that no one else know of. Two sad looking doors opens magically by 4 people, and you are immediately escorted in to a little secret elevator, covered with dark red velvet, floor to roof, and a bell boy. You go up one level, and when the tiny elevator door opens, you step right in to this magical and decadent restaurant. Brilliant! Go there if you can. It has 2 stars in the M-guide.Restaurant Le Cinq was fully booked all nights of our visit, we had chosen not to make reservations in advance. (you never know what you feel for, once there-theory) but we ate breakfast there every morning!. It is so beautiful in the restaurant and so exquisite.When you are seated, they serve you a freshly made tiny Cr猫me Brule as a pre-starter. IT'S OUT OF THIS WORLD. If you get the right waitress or maitre'd, they actually give you a little chair for the news paper to rest on while you eat. Cute!The pool area and SPA is so incredible, we never wanted to leave. They have people that individually escort you around the area so you know where everything is, the first time you visit. Complementary everything, Evian bottles, tea, juices of all sorts, fruits, XXXXL towels and more. The area itself is so relaxing and beautiful! We took a massage one day, and returned to the pool area, for a swim every day. It was so relaxing to sit in our robes, drinking something good and fresh, small talking with each other. We just enjoyed the moment down there. The locker rooms were extravagant. We ran out like kids in a candy store, to tell each other of how the locker rooms were equipped.You get complementary toothbrush and shaving kits, your own Dermalogica facial products, Redken hair products and as many robes and slippers as you could ever need.I think the key to enjoying anything is to turn down the tempo. Since we've been to Paris several times, we just went for strolls along the Seine and visited cute cafes. But if it's your first time, and you are living at George V 鈥?you shouldn鈥檛 visit more than one sightseeing thing per day, to keep your sanity. The Eiffel Tower is mandatory, and so is Le Louvre. The other things can wait. Enjoy yourselves at the hotel instead. It's wonderful!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JAS7578
<Content>A real treat I stayed in a suite here as part of my honeymoon and was not dissapointed.The hotel is very well appointed just a 5 min walk to the champs elysee and louis vuiton. 15 mins to the Eifel tower.The room was superb in its opulence and left nothing to chance. Dressing gowns, slippers and bulgari toiletries adorned the bathroom area. There are 70 tv channels with mostly arab and foreign channels, british vieweing was left to Sky news and BBC World. The room had a VCR but I requested a DVD player,despite it being late the Dvd was installed and working within 15 mins of the request.The staff are very keen to help and i saw nothing but politeness from everyone I came into contact with.I had in room dining for breakfast and 1 evening meal I am glad I did, There was no deterioration in the quality or the service.prior to arrival I has tried to book a table at le Cinq, I was advised that they were fully booked all weekend for evening meal but could reserve lunch. On arrival I asked the same question and they found me a table for the second night. This restaurantt is well worth a visit but will eat into your budget, so not for the feint hearted.On check out I found that a bar bill of 350 euros had been added to my account that was not mine. This was very quickly resolved, however the cashier did advise that mistakes can happen however those less honest sometimes give the wrong details to avoid payment. So always check your bill.The spa is a haven for relaxation and somewhere that you do not want to leave.Many of the guides recommend the George Fizz in the bar, i tried it, it was devine.Savour every minute of your stay and committ it to memory you will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>W00dy20stkw
<Content>Outstanding Stay and Incredible Service My wife and I just got back from a nine day trip to Paris that ended with a two night stay at the George V for my wife's birthday. The service and attention we received were incredible - but maybe that's what one should expect from one from one of the world's best hotels.Our only hiccup was in checking in. I had reserved a city view room which was not yet available. We tried to explain to the registration desk staff that we had been in Paris for a week and did not need access to our room until much later that day. Notwithstanding this, the staff put us into the first available room which had no view at all. But everything else about our stay was beyond all expectations. I had ordered flowers for my wife to be delivered to the room. The arrangement was spectacular - over 3 dozen pink and yellow long-stem roses. That night when we asked the doorman to help us with a taxi, he asked where we were going to dinner. When I said Taillevent he explained that we couldn't go there in a mere cab, and he got us their Mercedes courtesy car to take us to the restaurant. And the next day when we returned to the room we found, completely complementary, a personalized birthday pastry (their signature mille feuille) from the three-star restaurant, La Cinq, downstairs.My wife had a chance to use the Spa and her experience was wonderful. Our experience was that the staff works very hard to make sure each quest is taken care to the utmost.Whether you are rich and can afford the George V every time you are in Paris or are just looking for a once in a life time experience - plan on a stay at the George V.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit like home really! This was a superb hotel - the staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough to help you. I woul definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hertshopeful
<Content>One of the best The George V (or as the locals call it just 'Cinq') lived up to and exceeded my expectations. The fittings and furnishings were, as one would expect, wonderfully luxurious, but the reason this hotel is the most outstanding is the quality of its staff. From the moment we arrived we were treated as individuals. The Doorman noted our name from our luggage labels and greeted us by our name, immediately relieving us of our cases. The check in staff were outstanding. Our room had a wonderful wrap around balcony with views of the eifel tower.We were lucky enough to secure a table in the wonderful restaurant where the food was sublime (I expect the prices were too). Our other evening meals were taken outside the hotel, but on the recommendation and booking of the hotel. None failed to delight.My only small criticism was that there was only one bar, which was inadequate for the size of the hotel, being very small and only able to accommodate approximately 50 people at any time. There is a seating area outside the bar but this was fully occupied too every time our party wished to have a drink in the bar. Perhaps in summer time they open the courtyard area which would alleviate the problem somewhat. This hotel certainly deserves to be in the top 20 of the world, if not the top 5.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Humility This is probably the best hotel in the world, pure humility from check in to check out. Excellent service and value for money that I have ever had, after a lenghtly stay in Paris what more can one ask for to end a vacation in the George V WOW this will be in the memory banks for many many years to come.Thank you to all at this hotel for humble memories  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the world's great hotels The George V is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Of course, design is always a matter of tast, however if you are a traveller seeking out flawless and more importantly consistent service, this is the place to stay. I am glad that most of the reviews reflect my opinion however I do understand if some guests are disappointed when they expect to stay at a top hotel. Still, I can't help but suspect that the review below may be coming from a proud manager of this hotel or similar.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amandanyc
<Content>Perfect New Year Celebration       Our room (least expensive room...)  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't Stay here but .... My wife and I had the pleasure of being guests of another couple who were staying there. We had drinks at the lounge bar, and ate room service in their room. I must say that throughout our experience, every member of staff we met was courteous yet friendly. The service was excellent and the room we saw was large and very well-furnished. Everything at the hotel oozed quality and luxury. When we left in the early hours of the morning, the doorman very competently and quickly helped us find a taxi when there weren't many about. Everybody is entitled to his/her opinion; but when a previous reviewer gives such a brief and negative review, and gives a star rating of 1 or 2 to all aspects of this world class hotel, you can't help but suspect that the review may be coming from a disgruntled employee or similar.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as nice The hotel is nice but not wonderful. I was very disappointed compared to the price paid.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Leo70
<Content>Pure indulgence Every inch of the hotel is plush, elegant and in perfect condition. You often find that in such charismatic and historic hotels their lustre has dimmed, wear and tear bleeds some of the grandeur - but not here. The hotel is beautiful.Before we even arrived the service was wonderful. The hotel arranged a single long stemmed rose on the pillow for when we arrived without any fuss at all, and the concierge made all the arrangements for a wonderfully romantic table at a two michelin-starred restaurant for the evening where I proposed to my girlfriend. The service throughout the hotel is impeccable.The room was beautifully furnished, the toiletries top quality and the bed so comfortable it ached to leave it.The hotel spa, although expensive, was dreamily good. My girlfriend and I had a Couples Massage in the VIP spa room. This room had a jacuzzi, a steam room and a sauna. For what I thought was a very reasoable price we had the room to ourselves for a full hour after our massage.Everyone wants the day they get engaged to be memorable but I honestly believe that any stay at this hotel will remain a lasting and wonderful memory on its own merit.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MisterChinn
<Content>A Honeymoon Surprise!!! My sister gave us one night at the Four Seasons as our wedding gift. She told them it was our honeymoon, and booked us a standard double.When we arrived and told them our name, they said, yes, yes, we've been expecting you Mister Chinn. We have a little surprise for you. So I'm thinking maybe a bottle of chamapagne (which they did have), but she goes on to say that they had a cancellation just come in, and since it was our honeymoon, they decided to give us a complimentary upgrade... to one of their BEST SUITES!!! Oh man!My wife and I are not used to such accomodations, remember the original room was a gift in the first place. So here we are getting upgraded to one of the their best suites, wearing our torn jeans and flip-flops. But, they still treated us like royalty. I is an amazing place.The suite (which I looked up later, costs over $2500 a night), was bigger than our condo in San Francisco. It was about 1500 square feet, with a dining room, living room, kitchenette, patio, HUGE walk-in closet, and one and a half baths (in a hotel room!!!) Amazing. the huge four posted bed was so comfortable I forgot where I was when I woke up, simply heaven.The service is really what you pay for with the Four Seasons. We bought some dishes we wanted to make sure made it home, and went down to the conceirge to get some newspaper to wrap them in. He suggested instead that he bring up some bubblewrap and tape personally (and this was at 1 in the morning!). They put postage and mailed our postcards for us. I'm sure some of you are used to such service, but this really was a luxury for a public school teacher such as myself. Everything was perfect at the Four Seasons. We don't think we'll ever stay in that suite again, but for one night in Paris, on our honeymoon, it really made us fans of the Four Seasons for life.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bsapot
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from the Tour de France Terrace  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yereverluvinsis
<Content>Formidable! My husband and I stayed here in August to celebrate our Anniversary. We arrived on Sunday morning and found out that the Monday was a bank holiday (15th August) so almost everything would be closed for our stay, which was disappointing. We were thrilled, however, when we were shown our room, which had a huge balcony, luxurious furnishings and a spectacular view from the 7th floor over the whole of Paris. Champagne awaited us on ice, along with white orchids and a beautiful mille feuille anniversary rasberry cake. When I booked the 'Romance package' a week or so earlier, I was asked whether I wanted a 'smoking' or non smoking' room. I replied that my husband did indeed enjoy an occasional cigarette, but that smoking rooms were often inferior to non smoking rooms (as we found out to our cost at Claridges in London.) The girl taking the booking replied that she would, on this occasion, upgrade us, which was much appreciated.I don't agree that the friendliness of the staff is either forced or fake; they are handpicked for their social skills as well as their professional excellence and we all prefer to be treated with courtesy and true manners.The dinner in Le Cinq was, without any doubt, a lifetime experience. If you only have one special meal in your life, then let it be here for you will simply run out of superlatives. It has been well documented in other reviews how good the food is, so take heed of this for it is all true. We had the tasting menu at E210 pp which had many courses, but it is nouvelle cuisine so the actual amount of food you eat isn't enormous. Due to the richness of the dishes you do feel full after the meal, and delicious and different breads are offered throughout your dining.If I have to be negative about anything, then it would be the cost......of course we are all in different financial positions, but even for someone fabulously wealthy, their eyes must water when they are taken to the special room where you pay your bill. You will haemorrhage money from the moment you arrive and when you see the prices of the mini bar you will get a good idea what to expect for the duration of your stay. Also, you must tip in Paris - everyone! And if you have just payed over E100 to have your hair done, E5 will not suffice!Book Spa treatments well in advance as it is disappointing if you cannot get in or be seen at the same time as your partner. The same applies for Le Cinq - luckily we got a cancellation. Go to the Four Seasons Georges V with impunity - you will be speechless at the quality, opulence and excellence which is the best in the world; just make sure you take a very large sum of money indeed.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>centurioni
<Content>Fantastic, Fabulous, just perfect How can you go back to the ranch when you been to Paris, or to be exact the George V Four Seasons Hotel. It is true, you have to see it to believe it.The room was spacious, beautiful arrangements of fresh flowers everywhere in the hotel, and the staff was always gracious. My husband and my nine year old son enjoyed the indoor pool just before going out to dinner. It is truly one of the best hotels in the world.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tres magnifique! I arrived at George V with my girlfriend as a birthday treat; a combination of treating both ourselves to diner at the hotel鈥檚 3 star Michelin accredited Le Cinq restaurant as well as having the option to stop in a luxury hotel for the evening.I had booked a romance package directly with the hotel group, which included fresh flowers and champagne in the room as well as vouchers towards the use of the spa treatment facilities.As a businessman I regularly stay days and weeks in hotels where my own company鈥檚 budget often restricts how much I can justify spending. Often I stay in 4 star hotels as I need some home comforts as a reward for my hard work and staying away for so long. Occasionally I will stay at 5 star hotels for the added luxury and pampering, however, there should be a correlating improvement in service and facilities, but alas this is rarely true.I have stayed at the nearby Lancaster, which is excellent but the charms and expectations of George V intrigued me, despite the significant price differential. Well, it was a treat so I figured lets enjoy it and find out for ourselves why the George V is revered as the best city hotel in the world.Upon arrival the reception staff greeted us warmly and in fluent English and even those not attending to us acknowledged us with engaging smiles and occasional conversation. An added value to the service was that we were even escorted to our room by one of the staff to explain the room鈥檚 layout and entertainment centres. The room we were allocated was absolutely fantastic and today we cannot believe how fortunate we were. We were indeed privileged. I could write for hours on how spectacular the room was but all I can suggest is book this hotel and see for yourselves.The spa was excellent and we enjoyed a long massage in sumptuous surroundings, which relaxed us both before going to dine at Le Cinq. The food, as to be expected at a restaurant of this calibre, was absolutely delicious, however, what made the experience that much more enjoyable and memorable was the involved attention and enthusiasm of the waiters who were quite superb.I suppose at this end of the luxury hotel scale cost is immaterial. True it is expensive relative to lesser hotels, however, there can be no real comparison. The George V must be experienced at least once in a lifetime.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westender
<Content>nice Have stayed here twice. Don't expect boutique, it's not!. But you do get a good level of professionalism and security. The General mananger is a bit distant (if you need to contact him ) besides that, you're sure to enjoy your trip. Just be aware that the area can get quite rough at night  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>helr
<Content>Disappointing Arrived at Georges V on Friday July 8th. Their attention to detail  their welcome of my daughter was excellent. But, there was something missing. The service was excellent, but not exceptional. I was extremely disappointed to return to my room on Saturday at 2pm, after sightseeing for 5 hours - to find that it was still not made up. I spoke to the manager and had a free meal to compensate, but still it was a real let down. Personally, I much prefer the Ritz. Something more oasis-like about it. For a romantic weekend a deux, the Ritz is the tops - but I have to say that Georges V really did make a fuss of my daughter.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>whostl
<Content>Best Hotel ... Period If you are looking for the best ... look no further. Rooms, service, location, food, ammenities ... whatever you're looking for ... it's here. The employee / guest ratio is amazing and it's reflected in the service level. From the doorman to the maids, they all speak to you by name. Yes, it's expensive, but well worth it. The Ritz, Plaza Athenee are nice, but the George V is head and shoulders above in service.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost missed seeing Paris We stayed at the George V for 5 days. The deluxe room we stayed in was very spacious and homely. Staff were great and service was impeccable.It seems a waste to be staying at such a great hotel but yet we were out most of the time sightseeing in Paris. If this is not our first time in Paris, we would have stayed in the hotel and enjoy all the pampering and luxury of this fine hotel.There was a photo of Sophia Loren in our room and we late discovered that Sophia Loren actually stayed in the same room! The only small flaw we noticed was that the crystal lamp may rattle a bit when people walk quickly in the room right upstairs.I would recommend anyone who is going to Paris to stay at the George V.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful experiences... Highly recommended I stayed there for two nights in a Premier room. I absolutely loved it!! The lobby is grand, the staffs were very efficient and friendly and the room couldn't have been more perfect. It is spacious and very very comfortable. We have a walk-in closet and a marbled bathroom. The bed is big and the pillows are fluffy. The breakfast, too, was excellent. The service is impeccable and I would certainly go back there again!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikeCSantaBarbaraUSA
<Content>Perfect in every way I read a recent Zagat survey which gave the Georges V the best rating in the world. I would wholeheartedly concur.I have stayed at many great hotels, though not all, and it is difficult to imagine how the Georges V could be better. My wife and I thought about it afterwards and there was not one thing we would have changed or had them do differently. It was as perfect as perfect could be. This was our second stay at the hotel and both were total perfection. We have stayed at some of the oriental hotels known for top of the world servce, but none compares, not even the Peninsula in Hong Kong.When you add onto all of this the fact Le Cinq (Michelin rates as best restuarant in Paris) is in the hotel, what more could you ask?Yes, it is damn expensive, but the value is there.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular There is quite simply no better hotel in Europe for luxury and ambiance.Our stay was a reward from my employer for achieving targets so the George V is not the kind of place we would normally afford to stay.We were worried that we might be a bit intimidated but we were made to feel most welcome.Our room was the Eisenhauer suite which had huge terraces to two sides and a terrace off the bathroom. It must have been a penthouse room as it was bigger than an average flat!Although breakfast in the room was expensive the quality and sense of indulgance was worth it. Treat yourself!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Very good Four Seasons As so many reviewers have pointed out, the George V offers a very high level of pampering in a luxurious environment. Highlights: beautiful floral arrangements throughout the hotel, spa (small pool, though, and no cold plunge pool in the sauna area) with a great relaxation room, tea and cake in the gallery with the live pianist in the afternoon, excellent (but expensive) food, lovely amber perfume sprayed in the whole hotel, many non smoking public areas (a rarity in European hotels). Also, do not miss the H茅diard shop right next door to the hotel. The hotel was renovated very extensively and in one go a few years ago. The first impression is therefore that, beyond the 1920s fa莽ade, little remains of the original decor. The interior is in an elaborate Louis XVI style (a little over the top for my taste) but it has not yet had the time to age. The same is true for the rooms. They are well equipped (I had a deluxe room looking onto the small garden) but you would not remember them as being proper to the George V (more like a good Four Seasons room). The bathroom was nice but a little bland ( and no radio or TV + not the greatest shower head).Service is five stars (except in the bar, where it was slow) but sometimes overbearing and with a corporate edge (you feel some reactions lack spontaneity). Breakfast is not a buffet but 脿 la carte in the main restaurant Le Cinq. I always prefer buffets (my favourite being at the Four Seasons in Lisbon) because of the variety and the more relaxed atmosphere. The food was excellent, though, and there were special attentions: stool to deposit the newspapers next to the table, hot towels throughout the meal.In terms of sheer luxury, the George V has few competitors in Paris (but a few in other European capitals, including the Amstel in Amsterdam, with many elements reminding me of the George V). Those looking for five-star hotels in Paris with more patina and a less corporate atmosphere may prefer Le Bristol or Le Crillon.Not cheap by any means (about 600鈧?per night for the first room category) but more than adequate value for money considering the going rates at five-star hotels in Paris.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nduff2004
<Content>Long Weekend in Paris My husband and I spent 3 nights in December at George V. There was not one moment that I do not cherish. The staff was friendly and always eager to please. We stayed in a premier room which was very spacious and luxurious. Our room was filled with fresh white roses and white orchids. We had two balconies that looked over the courtyard and out onto Avenue George V. The hotel was filled with glorious Christmas decorations. Our 3 1/2 hour dinner at Le Cinq was the best I've ever had anywhere in my life. The afternoon tea at Le Gallerie is a wonderful way to wind down a day of sightseeing and shopping. The proximity to all the designer stores is amazing. The bathroom was perfect!! I loved all the details in the rooms and even the fact that my purse never hit the floor (everytime you sit for a meal or a drink someone magically appears and places your purse on a small stool beside you so that it doesn't rest on the floor). Even in 3 short days many of the hotel staff would recognize us and call us by name. I would return tomorrow if the opportunity presents itself! A truly great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joanna-Z
<Content>Exceptional! My husband and I stayed at the George V in November with our 2 daughters (aged 6 and 10). The staff were exceptional, professional and friendly. The children were given an ouststanding welcome in the room (balloons, smarties, t-shirts with their names on them to mention just some of the gifts that were waiting for them!). The accommodation was wonderfully comfortable with a host of little touches that make the difference: cd's, a jogging map, a selection of English and French books ... and the spa is just amazing (the children were even welcome in the pool and were given disposable swimsuits as we hadn't thought to pack them) with spacious and luxurious treatment rooms and very professional, extremely competent staff. Would recommend without any hesitation and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT!!! My wife and I stayed here for the 1st night of our honeymoon in November and were blown away with the quality of service and the surroundings of the hotel. Everything we had anticipated and had read about was by far surpassed. We were even upgraded to a suite which had NINE seperate rooms, a dinning table that sat eight people, a four poster bed and a room rate of 2500 euros more than we had payed for our room!!! The resaurant was romanticaly dark, the food outstanding and the service warm and helpful without being fussy or over-bearing. Considering its reputation as one of Paris' top restaurants, the grand surroundings and the not insignificant cost this put us at ease at once and allowed us to enjoy ourselves totally. They even went as far as puting flowers on our table that matched the ones I had ordered for our room! We would recommened the afternoon tea just for the experience of being able to order grossly overpriced, but delicious finger sandwiches and glorious bloody marys!! The whole experience was made complete by hotel service which at no point made us feel uncomfortable or out of place but went just that little bit further and made us feel like royalty. Overall, our stay here was just about as perfect a way to finish off your wedding day as I could imagine.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In a word - Superb As a connoisseur of 5 star hotels worldwide, and a marketing specialist, I know quality. In my opinion, attention to detail is what makes a hotel memorable or forgettable.. Unlike it's New York City counterpart, this Four Seasons establishments hits the mark - absolutely superb; I would even go as far as to say one of the best hotels I've ever had the pleasure to stay with.I stay here often, but most recently Jan 4th-11th. As always, sensational, friendly, efficient staff  immaculate surroundings. Impeccable design, without losing the charm of it's architecture. All amenities, nothing is too big or small, and they respect your privacy - finally, a hotel that 'gets it'!! Enjoy, Mon Ami :-)  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a memorable trip We travelled to Paris from our Greek island home to celebrate a special birthday in Paris at the George V, and it was the perfect choice. We stayed for 5 nights over Christmas and the service was immaculate.The special Christmas Eve Dinner was not what we wanted to eat and they went to great lengths to give us a really memorable meal and evening specially prepared by their Chef. The Suite was spectacular and nothing was left to chance, everything was beautifully positioned in the room and the bathroom was particularly well appointed.Congratulations to all at the George V and thanks for giving us a very special time; we will back for another celebration next year.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajmilitello
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Our recent stay at the Four Seasons was one of our most memorable ever. Every detail and courtesy was extended to us throughout our stay. The staff was just about the friendliest and most helpful that we have ever encountered. This hotel is truly in a class of it's own and would be the only one we would consider on our next visit to Paris. If you are willing to spend the money, there would be no wiser choice than to invest your time at the Four Seasons George V.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s_s_ryan
<Content>Sublime!! I stayed in the George V from the 24th to 26th of December after a brief stay at the Ritz. My objective was actually to compare the two world-reknowned hotels in Paris and this is my personal opinion. The two hotels are in 2 different worlds altogether. Both are very luxurious and deserve their reputations but while the Ritz was opulent, ornate and well..... Ritzy, the George V was a statement in classic, refined elegance. The duplex suite I had was absolutely beautiful. Service here is the BEST I have EVER received in any luxury hotel. From the chauffeur all the way to the manager, they epitomise the type of quality service which every hotel should try to emulate. Its location is fantastic being steps away from the Champs Elysees as well as the Eiffel Tower. Although I did think that the location of the Ritz on the Place Vendome was more exclusive. The restaurant Le Cinq was pricey for their Christmas dinner but it was extremely well worth it. Chef Phillip Legendre is truly a legend. The spa is a wonderful place to relax and unwind. I would definitely return to this hotel the next time I am in Paris whether for a brief stopover or a vacation. George V will create a substantial dent in the bank account but it is worth every penny!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real treat My husband and I have just returned from our honeymoon in the George V. Everything about the hotel was wonderful from start to finish. The hotel is very well located, the level of service from the staff is amazing and the flower arrangments throughout the hotel were stunning. We were upgraded to a premier room and it was lovely. All of this comes at a price but it is definitely worth splashing out for that special occassion.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for business! nice hotel, but don't stay here unless you don't care not to receive your faxes in time, or if telephones are transfered to the wrong room (if you are the unlucky one to have the same family name as another guest...) better stay at the Plaza Athenee or Meurice! splendid service overthere!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel, but the management... This is on point of architecture and decoration for sure one of the nicest hotels in the world! The staff is outstanding...but you must like this kind of FAKE acting staff, forced by the manager behind to smile even more then needed! I had some problems during my stay, and must say that even the follow up is great, you must like the acting of the Director of Rooms Devision and the Front of the house Manager and her Assistant, because they act like they know you for years (would not even whish it!) and are actually laughing in your face behind. Anyhow if all the other deluxe hotels in paris are overbooked, you can start thinking of going to the best hotel of the world (for guest for sure, wondering for staff...!)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>George V a 10 !! We recently had the extreme pleasure of staying at the George V in Paris. What a treat !! Location was perfect ! Walked to Champs Elysees, Arc, Eiffel Tower, etc..Service--beyond expectations, room was huge, walk-out balcony and quiet !! Beds most comfortable, staff--excellent......if you can stomach the rates---it's a must once in your life !!!Lyn KSo. Cal.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrankMarton
<Content>Terrific place - one improvement and they're top of the heap Even among Four Seasons properties, this one stands out. From the professional and friendly airport pick-up to the reception to the room and amenities.....quite a place. The staff is that perfect blend of helpful yet not hovering while the location simply cannot be beat for shopping, strolling and exploring. The fare is wonderful and even when relaxing to room service, I found a world-class farfalla pasta. The staff is terrific with kids but they do discourage taking even well-behaved children in the main restaurant during evening hours so do be aware. The only less than perfect thing we experiences was the pool area. not quite spotless and they were constantly tinkering with the pool and hot-tub equipment while we were there; eventually giving up and closing both.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Paris Has To Offer! Stayed at the Four Seasons for six nights this past September, and while I agree it's a stunning hotel, you pay a STIFF premium to stay here. At nearly $900 a night for a room with a balcony, it should be flawless.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>am470
<Content>Went for honeymoon... We stayed at the Four Seasons in September for 5 nights for our honeymoon. The hotel is gorgeous and the staff, while obsequious, was very helpful. In fact, one night my husband did not feel well and I called the concierge to ask where I could find medicine. They ask me what I was looking for, and sent someone out to buy it for us. They only charged us the cost of the medicine. I was pretty impressed by that. The room had a great deep bathtub. Housekeeping was great. I would have preferred more English tv stations. Also, the prices are insane for what you get. Definitely try and get a package including breakfast otherwise you will die at the cost. We ate at the gallery restaurant and was pretty unimpressed. But it was convenient and we were starving. I would recommend it. But it is very expensive for what you get.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newyork201
<Content>Simply the Best I just returned from my third stay at George V and just as I think each stay cannot possibly get better, the staff exceeds my highest expectations, from the speedy assistance through customs at the airport, to Jeff Leathem's amazing flowers, to the cleanest, most-spectacular bathrooms ever. They leave absolutely no detail overlooked. Le Cinq has the best food and most incredibly professional, yet unpretentious service one can imagine. The highest levels of management are always available to attend to any possible need and the Concierge staff goes out of it's way to make the impossible a reality. Four Seasons George V is simply the best!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bootsyboy
<Content>The Best! This has to be one of the worlds greatest hotels. I have stayed here several times the most recent being August this year. The first thing is that management trainees should spend a week at the George Cinq Four Seasons for a masterclass on customer service. I have never experienced such total dedication. Their focus is 100% 0n the guest nothing is too much trouble, everyone smiles and says hello in the most pleasant way. In a city where customer service is not a top priority this is an oasis. As for the rooms they are perfection with beautiful furnishings and sumptuous bathrooms. They have set the standard for others to follow. With a three star Michelin restaurant as well some of their rivals must look on and weep!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barryjones5
<Content>The best hotel in Paris We stayed at the George V for 4 nights in September 2004 and loved it!From the minute we checked in, the staff was incredible. They were friendy, helpful and professional. Anything we needed was immediately made available. We could not have been treated more kindly. We had a deluxe court yard room, which was beautiful. However, on the third night of our stay, we called the front desk and inquired about changing to a room with a better view. Although the hotel was very booked, we were moved to a room on the 8th floor with a view of the Eiffel Tower. I have stayed at several luxury hotels in Paris, including the Meurice, but none of them compare to the George V.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Superb Hotel This is without a doubt the finest hotel in Paris. The rooms are exceptional, the food is unparalleled, and every member of the staff falls all over themself for to ensure your satisfaction.We just returned from a three day stay in August. We requested and received a Superior Room which was extremely large. The marble bath was impecable.The spa is fantastic, and offers everything. The Restaurant is a Michelin 3 star award winner.On the downside, if there is one to be found, this place is very expensive. Not difficult to spend 100+ Euros at breakfast for 3. Also, the sattelite tv proved very unreliable.I have stayed in some of the world's finest hotels, and this one is as good or better than any!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Paris We stayed 9 nights at the Four Seasons in July and absolutely loved it. The staff was fabulous. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is centrally located to all the attractions and definitely surpassed our expectations.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kessel
<Content>Memorable luxuries at a near perfect hotel I've now stayed in sufficient 5-star hotels to say George V is my favourite, and among the best of them - perhaps even the best? I chose it instead of the Paris Ritz having experienced Ritz in other countries and found something wanting (personal touches for one). The George V impresses from your entrance into the lobby - no huge brassy chandeliers or mega sweeping staircase but clusters of gigantic stemmed roses in a forest of 4' tall glass vases which was an entrancing array. The room, with complimentary hors d'oeuvres (always gratifying), was exquisite with a gorgeous balcony (a rarity in European hotels) looking over the elegant inner courtyard, and Bulgari products in the big bathroom. The general panelled decor is fine though a bit limited on the floors which all have the same brown carpet colour. However I used to think I was reasonably affluent until I saw Le Cinq prices - 拢50 for a starter! Just as well they were already booked up and I ate out. But next morning, after a silky night between superb fabrics (not Frette but equally luxurious) I had a ravishing room breakfast on the balcony. I really must return - the staff always greet you on passing and the butler is at your door in minutes. The swimming-pool/spa area is memorably luxurious. Admittedly Dubai's Burj al Arab is famous for its unfeasible 7-star luxury, but this place is an outstanding class act throughout.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A hotel like no other. We ended our month long family vacation by staying two nights at the Four Seasons, George V, which was the most wonderful experience imaginable. At check-in, we were immediately upgraded to a grand suite with a huge terrace. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. The room was impeccable and the bed was the most comfortable we had on our entire trip. The bar and restaurant staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Every time we stay at a Four Seasons property, we are happily surprised by all of the extras that are thrown in. While this hotel is certainly not for those on a tight budget, everybody owes it to themselves to at least spend one night in this magical place in this magical city.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carcinoid
<Content>Elegant Beautiful hotel in a central location. Lovely room and lobby. Within walking distant to all the sites. Excellent service. Expensive, but then Paris is no bargain.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful This must be the best hotel in Paris - everything about it is wonderful: the service (friendly staff and not at all stuck-up), the location (just off the Champs Elysees) and the surroundings (the rooms are beautiful, especially the suites). The food is also excellent, in both Le Cinq and La Galerie. We stayed there on my birthday and arrived back at the hotel after a shopping trip, only to find one of the staff waiting outside our suite with a birthday cake. That's service.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gallesram
<Content>Incredible experience This hotel surpasses my expectations each time I have the pleasure of staying there. The service is impeccable, the room spotless and every need seems to be effortlessly anticipated and accomodated. The only time that it did not meet these expecations was during breakfast served downstairs in the room adjacent to the lobby; if you want to eat downstairs instead of in your room, try eating breakfast in the bar area since the service is much quicker and less hectic. Also, skip the eggs and stick to the croissants, since the French have yet to figure out how to scramble an egg. I would love to figure out how they keep the hallways smelling so wonderful. The rooms are so clean that they must be inspected by a supervisor weekly; nothing is broken, nicked, chipped or dirty. If you are a clean freak, this is your heaven. Any attempts at speaking French are welcomed by the staff. Location is superb. The doorman gave us directions to the Peripherique and then jotted down his cell phone number to call in case we got lost. You get the picture: flawless. Many have complained that it is not the true Paris; if your idea of Paris is a rickety hotel with a rude attendant at the front, lousy water pressure and thin towels (many find this sort of thing charming), then the George V is not for you. If you want to feel like royalty in one of the world's great cities, then don't miss staying there.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for those seeking the real Paris I had the pleasure of winning a 2 night stay at the 4 Seasons George V. Never have I stayed in such a beautiful prestigious hotel. I could never afford that kind of hotel, but I got lucky. The room was emaculate, and the staff were very friendly. The problem is that people like myself, with a modest budget, have no place in these hotels. They take advantage of those with money. I didn't dare touch anything from the mini bar where a small bottle of coke cost 9 euro! It's theft! The expensive coke, however, was is not my main complaint. We asked the concierge to recommend a good restaurant in the area. He directed us to a restaurant not far from the hotel called Chez something or other.. It was aweful! Not only was it super expensive, but the only people speaking french were the staff (the guests were all english or american), and they served me instant mashed potatoes with my microwaved lamb! I could not believe the hotel would actually send their guests there.I realize that the 4 Seasons is not a place for those that even use the word budget, but George V is not for those that wish to really experience Paris either. You'd be much better off (though maybe not as comfortable) at a small family owned hotel in the latin quarter, or across the Seine near the eiffel tower where perfect little patisseries and wonderful restaurants that serve Moules et frites til late in the night are on every corner. One other tip.. don't eat at any restaurant with english on the menu. Be adventurous!  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TheTravellingGourmet
<Content>I love Paris in the Springtiume and George V all the time!       The Travelling Gourmet and Chef Philippe Legendre  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent The George V is the most equisite place I have ever been. Anywhere. Any time. Any place. We took my girlfriend to lunch there for her 40th birthday and it was simply, unequivocally magnificent. If you cannot afford to stay at the George V, splurge a little and at least have a drink or afternoon tea. You won't regret spending one dime. Not one. If you've ever wanted to feel like a king or queen, head to the George V. They'll place the crown right on your head the minute you step through the door.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best ! The Four Seasons George V is the best hotel I have ever stay. The quality of the rooms, Spa, food and service is simply incredible脗 but you have to pay for脗 We stayed two times in a Deluxe room, which are spacious and well decorated. The marble bathroom is very nice, and furnished with Bulgari bath products. The staff is very pro-active and friendly. A pool and a Jacuzzi is are available at the Spa and guests can use it without additional charge. The only problem is after you have stay at the George V, every other hotels seems to be poor脗 IMHO that kind of hotel to people who already have visited Paris, because the hotel is a travel reason itself, and if you spend nine or ten hours per day for visiting that beautiful city, you should not stay in a so expensive property.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Words can not descibe this hotel.. It was a pure delight to be there for the holiday season. I cried when I had to leave and I still think of this jewel in Paris and it still make me tear up. They knew what we needed before we even asked. It has all other luxury hotels wishing they could be like this. I can hardly wait to return. It was my Christmas present to myself to be there.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MassTraveler
<Content>Incredible Service!! Having just finished our stay at the George V, I can write without reservation that the service at this property is the most incredible I have ever experienced. The staff works beyond being attentive and focused on your needs and happiness. I travel the world, and have never experienced a level of service like at the George V. And it was not just us, it was everyone we spoke with who was staying here. Every need is looked after. As for the rooms, they are large, clean, and comfortable. In room services like free shoe shines, high speed internet service, choice of paper delivery, etc. I could go on and on. Stay here and see for yourself. You won't regret it. Thanks George V.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons George V FABULOUS This is the most fabulous hotel I have ever stayed in and I've stayed in just about every luxury hotel in the major cities! The service was impeccable, the flower arrangements unbelievable, the food terrific -- and everyone treated Americans like welcome guests! The rooms? Just fabulous. It is the highest standard and one I'll have a hard time beating! Can't wait to go back -- and just for the hotel!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel in Paris! Surpasses The Ritz, le Crillion, etc..   showReview(1537047, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nickarr27
<Content>Great Place   showReview(1345805, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is great!   showReview(1189974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>close but no cigar (maybe a 7-11 cigar)   showReview(1155431, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depends what you want....   showReview(1136039, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect!!   showReview(1108231, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cosmopolitan But Not Paris   showReview(1107972, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProfMagellan
<Content>Georges V a great hotel   showReview(857127, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>*****   showReview(855622, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maodohsiao
<Content>Awesome hotel. Absolutely loved it!   showReview(752509, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Topcruiser
<Content>St Sylvestre Magnifique   showReview(23347879, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>couplebcn
<Content>Gran Hotel, problemas Spa   showReview(22911391, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>stein-01
<Content>Das perfekte Hotel   showReview(22838029, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Luna-Brillante
<Content>锝炪€€銉戙儶銇嚦绂忋仾銉涖儐銉?锝?#x201d;       銆嶭a Galerie銆忋仹銈儠銈裤兗銉屻兗銉炽儐銈ｃ兗銈?/a>  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pilar54
<Content>Lo mejor en donde lo he pasado   showReview(21409042, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉炽偤銉汇偢銉с儷銈搞儱銈点兂銈?#x201d;   showReview(21745492, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AndreaMar
<Content>Bello   showReview(21049344, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>銉戙儶銇с伅锛戠暘銇婃皸銇叆銈娿伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20973556, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doriano
<Content>luxueux   showReview(20308349, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quetchoa
<Content>La grande classe   showReview(15060783, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmx1982
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(14638345, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>niceguybruxelles
<Content>Un vrai Palace!   showReview(13350096, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩伄涓€瑷€銇с仚   showReview(19165904, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>misterbParis
<Content>Somptueux   showReview(10073148, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chenerose
<Content>Volupt茅   showReview(10052770, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chenutjpaul
<Content>Tr猫s Tr猫s Tr猫s cher   showReview(8885603, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>rubymaxfrance
<Content>La perfection   showReview(7720623, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>castletiti
<Content>exellent   showReview(7593902, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓婅唱銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19159098, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婊炲湪銇椼仧閮ㄥ眿銇€佷竴鐣?..   showReview(19929027, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伅銉儞銉炽偘銇ㄣ偦...   showReview(19925697, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉炽偤銇犮亼...   showReview(19921634, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仾銇伀銈广偪...   showReview(19918853, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闅滃銇亗銈嬫柟銇銇椼仸...   showReview(19917879, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

