<Author>hammer5010
<Content>Different way of living We were there from 12-6 through 12-13. We had good flighs from the U.S.A. I had arranged for transportation from our resort several days before we left. It is highly recommended. There are no road or street signs after you are out of the airport. No stop lights either. Hang on for a ride of your life. Resort-- it was very nice, our room was #210 what a view, very nice room. Everything worked really good, good water pressure. King size bed also. Cayena is the small part of the resort,it is right on the beach. small pool and it has its own Restaurant( Elcano) and only the people staying there can use it. The people at the larger part can not and the beach area is the same. They do monitor the beach,pool and restaurant.  Food-- Well if you like luke warm to cold food you will love the food. All the buffets had luke warm food.The International restaurant that served fish was good.The deep fried Flounder was hot. The sea food place and the Italian place switched every other night. Remember this is a 3rd world country, there are no food regulations on how to wash dishes or cook food or what temperature the food needs to be cooked at. I asked 1 time if my meal could be cooked longer and the plate came hotter and the food was still cold. Bacon, pancakes, french toast, potato's everything was cold. There was this hot dish that no one had touched all the time we were their in the same pan that was brought out every day. They do not waste food. Cooks wash pans with luke warm water, than wipe them with paper towels. They use oil a lot when cooking.Utensils are put in a 5 gal pail of water then wipe off and reuse them. I had 3 days of bad stomach and wife had a bladder infection 4 days, it was not caused by S-X either. People-- are very very nice their. I would advise people from the USA to learn some spanish so you can communicate better with them. Every one was very helpful when my wife got sick. You can order any medication without seeing a doctor you want and they will send it over, but there are no instructions that come with it. Thanks to a college graduate from Yale that was to become a pharmacist that told my wife what to order and how many to take and when to take it, she made it though the vacation. Beach-- is very nice. Excursions-- the one where you go to a school, coco plantation, sugar cane plantation, cigar place and visit a actual home is a very good eye opener. Expect to spend around 9 hours for this trip and very bumpy. You really get to see how people in that counrty live and you can be thankful for what you have. My wife and I did bring some school supllies and clothes for kids at the orphange(ninosdecristo.com) that Melanie( works at the receptionist desk)helps out with. They can use what ever you can bring. We also tipped the bartenders and cleaning service, a couple of dollars goes a long ways, not many people did. These people do not make a lot of money. Over all it was Ok, I just wished the food would have been hotter and better tasting.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>RJKnowltn
<Content>Didn't want to come home       Sailing to Sanao Island  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JRDM5
<Content>The People are Like Family Words can't express the feeling you get when you stay at the Cayena Beach Club. This was my second trip to Punta Cana (Cayena Beach Club) and it keeps getting better. The staff members are the best and make you feel like family. The beach is one of the nicest beaches you can visit. The rooms are very clean and the grounds are beautiful. This is the best affordable place to stay where you can enjoy an Island Paradise.Tours - I would recommend doing the Safari Tour where you can visit a school house, rice fields, a dominican home and the beautiful country side of the DR. There are other tours offered as well in which are good as well.I plan on going back with my family next year as well. I have nothing else to say, but all of you who book this resort will have a relaxing fun time because the people are wonderful and truly treat you like family.See you next year Barbera, Newton, Godier, Miguel, Antonio, Pasqual and all the others i have forgotten to mention. All of you are wonderful and I will miss you!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PennStateSteve
<Content>Had a great time at the Cayena Beach Club My wife and just returned from a great vacation at the Cayena Beach Club which we booked thru Interval International. I have to admit that we were pretty concerned about what we might experience after reading many poor reviews but I can honestly say that we had an incredible time. I have done a fair amount of domestic US and international travel and know that sometimes you have to settle for different standards in other cultures, but that was not the case here. The grounds/landscaping of the resort (LTI/Cayena Beach Club) were gorgeous and very well maintained, the beach / water were amazing, our room was very clean and large (we had a Jr suite with a king size bed), housekeeping was superb, the food at the international buffet and other on site restaurants was very good, the wait staff were friendly and very attentive, and the resort staff were extremely professional. I recommend you call the resort a few days before your stay to arrange for a ride from the airport , ignore the guys trying to help you with your luggage at the airport, and have lots of $1 bills to tip when you feel it's deserved. We look forward to our next visit at the CBC and think Ezekiel was a great host.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TinCan2
<Content>An Enjoyable Week at the Cayena Beach Club       LTI Resort Main Entrance  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>sweatp71
<Content>1 year anny Once again we returned to the Cayena Beach Club for our year anniversary. We came here on our Honeymoon and found the hotel and staff members to be great. The views from the hotel in the morning are spectacular for the sunrise and there is always a cool breeze to read a book on your balcony... and relax!!!!! Sandy white beaches with clear warm crystal blue water await you... You can chose to parasail,snorkel, or just hang on the beach..... I must say that the snorkeling excursion with the sting rays and swimming with the sharks was worth it!!!!!! So was the dolphin excursion @ manite bay !!!! Food was good and so where the couples that we met there very friendly.... The staffers were eager help us with any needs we had... Over all we will be returning again this time with friends to share the trip with us!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jensotelo1973
<Content>Beautiful beachs and nice place to stay       The beach at Cayena  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>BEACHBABY73
<Content>Ok but we had some problems..... We booked our stay through our Timeshare with Interval International. It was our first time in Punta Cana...we had a very nice time, my husband and I. The food is good, we recommend the Italian Restaurant...you have to make reservations ...The restaurant right across from it is really good too, we recommend the duck...delicious! The staff is really friendly everywhere you go, willing to help you in anything...specially at Restaurant El Cano....we were there every day...the food is good . The rooms are cleaned daily and they re-fill your refrigerator also, my husband asked for them to fill it up with more beer instead of so much soda...and they did, they were really accomodating. The beach is to die for....that's were we spent our days......Everuthing was fine up to the moment when we booked our tour to Saona Island...the tour was nice, we enjoyed it . It was when we got back.... that we realized that we had been robbed. We found our safe open and some money was missing. Granted it was only $50.00, but we were really mad, specially at their attitude. The person that we spoke to ( Issac our Isaias...something like that, he runs the reception area or something like that...)....about our problem made it seem like it was no big deal, explaining that they do not make themselves responsible for anything. He let us know that each safe has a unique key and that no one could've done it, and I have to add that twice we asked for a duplicate key , which they made....but do not know what they did with the one we gave back to them. Then he had the nerve to say that we probably left it open, which was an easy way out we thought....It is an absolut shame about that incident......because everybody else at the resort was really friendly....Alex at the reception, Leonora at the restaurant El Cano, Camacho who was all over the place, very active and helpful, anything you need.... he is your man.....he makes it happen! Overall we had a good experience except for that money problem, after that of course we took our money everywhere.....even to the beach.....  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>yogi12
<Content>Wonderful Anniversary Vacation For our 40th Wedding Anniversary, my husband and I lodged at the Cayena Beach Club and had a wonderful experience. We loved the people and our room was above average overlooking the beach.I booked this through Interval International and was somewhat leary from the reviews and pictures. I kept my fingers crossed and hoped that the reviews were wrong and they were!I have traveled throughout the caribbean and my husband and I absolutely loved the beach in Punta Cana. The property is beautiful and well kept. The food is ok, but you can get tired of eating in the buffet.There is plenty of shopping, especially on the beach where vendors are asking you to buy. They are very persistant, but don't pay more than 50% of the asking price. We went snorkling and booked this through the timeshare office, which was recommended by others staying at the resort. We saw beautiful tropical fish and enjoyed every minute of it.The people at the timeshare are wonderful and always greet you. Breakfast and lunch are the best meals of the day through the timeshare. Bring $1 bills to tip the servers. They don't make much money. Bring a lot of sunscreen and moisturizing lotion. The sun is strong. I just want to make it clear that this is not a five star resort, but it is nice and I recommend it to others. There are nicer places, and of course, more expensive, however, those places will not make you feel like family. I plan on taking my whole family next year and have already started planning!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrequentVacationer5
<Content>Great Place, Good People       A sculptere at Dominican Night at the Grand Buffet  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RaymondoandConnie
<Content>"Great Place and People" My girlfriend and I stayed at the Cayena Beach Club August 23 through August 30th through my timeshare. The people at the resort are wonderful and very helpful. Although this is not a 5 star resort, the people make up for it, so if any of you have doubts about staying here, you will not have any problems. The hotel is nicer in person than in the pictures. We had some doubt about staying at the Cayena, but honestly, we would go back. I have read some of the reviews and I can't believe the people would rate the hotel as bad as they did. I would recommend that these individuals stay in 5 star and pay 5 star prices, but one thing they will never get in those places is the feeling that you are family!My girlfriend and I absolutely enjoyed the beach, where we spent most of our time. The food was not bad, but I especially enjoyed the seafood restaurant the best. The Pizza restaurant wasn't bad either. Bring a lot of dollars with you for tips. The workers really work hard and treat you well. Give them a couple of dollars each time you eat. Be sure to book your tours through the timeshare. Others don't carry insurance, so its worth it to pay a few more bucks and be insured. I would recommend doing the Ceona Tour and ATV Tours.All in all I found this hotel to be excellent for the price and we must remember that this is a 3rd World Country and you are not going to get what we have here in the USA. If you can remind yourself this while visiting the DR, you will be fine!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ironchet
<Content>Good time but this tired hotel is not a 5 star We stayed at The Cayena for a week and overall we had a great time. Our group consisted of me, my wife and 2 daughters - infant and 11 year old.Our time there was great because the beach is beautiful and the people are very nice.The property itself feels worn out and dated. Air conditioning did not get super cold which was fine because there are ceiling fans. The pool at the LTI was ok, nothing memorable. The one at the Cayena was smaller and average, the hot tub did not work.The restaurants at the LTI were not all open while we there. The Italian and seafood alternated evenings. We ate at The Italian one night and it was OK, certainly nothing memeorable but not bad either. The buffet was pretty standard all-inclusive fare however the pasta station was top notch. This was more due to the person working it than the ingredients.The restaurant at The Cayena was never open for dinner and lunch was pretty average.One thing I would recommend is that you can book a photographer free of charge for an hour and then pick only the pics you want. We got some great shots this way.I have been to quite a few all inclusives for work and pleasure so have some basis for comparison and I would never consider it a 4 or 5 star. One thing I did like wa that the resort was not huge so getting around with the baby was easy.I got a fantastic deal so I am not complaining but had I paid a premium price I would not have been impressed.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Smittyman69
<Content>Wouldnt Go Back To This Resort From the time we set foot on this resort it was a bad experience. We had booked 2 rooms with the cayena beach club which is suppose to be the upper crust of the LTI resort, we are greeted by a guy named Reggie he says i will fix u up what are ur names, we give them to him and he responds with ur names are not on our list but ur friends are but i will take care of everything follow me, so he leads us to the Cayena Club long story made short we didnt have a room there but our friends did, the supervisor tells us their overbooked and their is nothing they can do u will have to stay at the LTI, so upset but what are u gonna do we end up staying there it was like $200 dollars cheaper for the all inclusive compared to the Cayena, which only offered one other restaurant and pool which LTI people are not suppose to go to but everyone does anyways so why pay the difference. The rooms at the Cayena were much nicer then the LTI, but like I said what are u gonna do argue with people who act like they dont know what ur saying. Are bed at the LTI was 2 full beds pulled together to make a queen or whatever it was that when u try to sleep next to one another they come apart and u will fall through, absolutely awful. The food was absolutely awful the buffet was terrible, the smell from outside will make u sick, the seafood restaurant was horrible, u could get lobster or other entrees u think u might want but had to pay from $ 20 to $30 more for not knowing how they will taste, when its suppose to be all inclusive... The italian was at the best edible, the only thing we found we half way could tolerate was the hotdogs and french fries and around noon their would be grilled chicken, this out by the pool, but other then that wow the food was bad. The drinks also bad all off brand the beer is only El President or Brahma, both horrible, no corona no domestics nothing. At the entry lobby bar and the Cayena beach club pool bar u could by for extra money Name Brand Whiskeys and Vodkas, but yet its suppose to be all inclusive. We ended up getting one of the tour directors that spoke great english to take us into town where we spen t $45 for a case of budweiser and about $25 for some Jack Daniels. The people were all nice I can say, no problems there, but the resort lacks alot. Lots of europeans there germans, french just all kinds, and if u dont wanna see topless women or men in speedos dont go to punta cana. We had a good time regardless but it would have been alot easier at a good resort. If u go to Punta Cana go to the Paradise Resort, its awesome we took a tour of it while there, and had some friends stay there 2 weeks after we got back. I have so much i could write but this will give u heads up on most questions if any more feel free to email me and my wife.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhtAbtBob
<Content>Far from 5 star We spent the week of 5/31 thru 6/7/08 at the Cayena Beach Club, the timeshare portion of LTI Resort. All amenities to LTI are open to Cayena vacationers but not vice versa. Thanks to the beautiful beach and ocean, the overall experience was relaxing, but there were some issues encountered that made the week not as advertised or projected.First, the room was far from ocean view, although technically it was oceanfront. The ground floor room, #105, had a completely obstructed view of the beach and ocean, overgrown with vegetation, but a wonderful view of the wall of the neighboring resort. When we requested a new room we were told none were available. The sliding glass doors leading onto our patio were a waste and kept closed all week, we never bothered with the fenced in patio area. I can stare at plenty of walls at home.The restaurants were not open as listed, which in our opinion devalued the week tremendously. The main attractions were the two specialty a la carte restaurants, LaTrattoria  Estrella del Mar. Instead of being opened for dinner daily as scheduled, they were alternated nightly, therefore reducing by 50% the premium dining options. LaTrattoria never opened for lunch as advertised the entire week. Likewise the El Bucanero restaurant wasn't always open for their buffet dinner. Unbelievably, the sheets on the bed were about 8 inches too short, leaving your feet exposed to the bare mattress. The shower curtain was also undersized, not reaching the tub, causing wet floors. The dankness of the room was a sinus buster. The tiny room refrigerator was stocked daily with two each of beer, soda and water; incredibly they ran out of beer one day. Towels supplied were insufficient and it was like pulling teeth to get any additional. A wall tile, near the ceiling over the toilet, feel down and shattered on the bathroom floor. Luckily no one was in the room at the time.The Bow Bar is the only bar opened evenings that was exclusive to Cayena guests. It was shut down on Friday night for repairs. The small Cayena pool had an inoperable hot tub, which amounted to nothing more than an extension of the pool overflowing into it. The time-share guys were relentless and at times annoying, and by the end of the week resorted to pleading, informing us they were paid by commission. On the plus side, all the employees receive a 5 star rating, well, except for maybe the timeshare sharks. Special thanks to Leonardo, the egg guy; Pascaul at Cayena's Elcano restaurant and Aldolpho at the Cayena pool. Even with the restaurant closings there was plenty to eat, just not always the premium options, which we felt was a major detraction since there was a noticeable difference in the food. I would love to visit the Dominican Republic again, but with so many alternatives, I doubt it would be Cayena again without trying a competitor first.With this decrease in amenities, at the very least, the all-inclusive rate should have been adjusted. If the Cayena Beach Club wants to be thought of as a 5 star resort, which I wasn鈥檛 anywhere near convinced they are, they have a long, long way to go to compete with the likes of Cancun鈥檚 Royal Resorts and others.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Jeanette57
<Content>We keep returning We have been to Cayenna Beach Club every year since 2005 and stay two weeks every time. The restaurant at Cayenna is excellent and the Bow Bar looking over the ocean is a must do. My only regret is that the restaurnat is not open for dinner as well.We are always met at the airport and are whisked away to the resort in minutes from landing. Each time a bottle of chilled champayne awaits us. Cayenna is like family to us and we meet the same travellers from all over the world there. It is fun to communicate in various languages.The staff are excellent and grreet us like long lost family. The beaches are gorgious and have two markets at either end. You can walk for miles duuring the day. See you in November 2008.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Linz316
<Content>Beautiful resort  My boyfriend and I went to the Cayena Beach Club, which I booked thru my timesharing. The standard rooms accomodate 5 and were average w/ 2 queen size beds, and a queen sleeper sofa. The sofa area has a curtain which could be pulled for privacy from the bedrooms. About 80% of the rooms have an ocean view...mine had a beautiful view of the beach/ocean. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub/shower, plenty of storage for toiletries, etc, the toilet had a separate area w/ door. The room was cleaned daily.We traveled w/ another couple w/ their 3 kids. Our room was comfortable ...for 2 people. If you are traveling w/ 5 people its very tight... the sofa bed wasn't comfortable.... and you have limited privacy.The Cayena is part of a larger all inclusive resort. While you have access to all the amenities throughout the entire resort - the Cayena had its own area which was for cayena members only. The hotel sits right off the beach and has direct access to the beach, private restaurant/pool area.In the private area -The pool was smaller than the main pool and it has full sun... there is a kids pool, hot tub,  pool bar. The restaurant was exclusive to Cayena members only. They serve buffet breakfast and lunch a la carte w/ salad bar buffet. The restaurant sits close to the beach so you enjoy the view while dining. The a la carte food was excellent...better than the buffet food in the other resort restaurants. ...and gave you a break from the usual buffets. The Cayena has full access to the main resort and the food was average...but there are so many choices so you won't starve. The entertainment was average...I've seen better...but it gave you something to do. The beach is beautiful, very clean...wide stretch of beach...beautiful sand.I would definitely reccomend this resort to anyone who was considering it.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lisacaylem40
<Content>Unbelievable place and friendly people! We stayed at the cayena beach club through are timeshare with Interval International. We were hesitant at first because the photos on the internet are not very appealing, but we went anyway..We travelled with a couple of friends and once we arrived at the hotel we were met by friendly employees and the hotel turned out to be amazing! The photos do not show how nice the rooms are in reality. We had room 109 which had a KIng size bed with a view of the ocean and your nice big backyard for private tanning..The room was HUGE! and was very clean and the staff came in every day and filled your fridge with drinks, which is needed with the Bar u have in your room as well.The overall property of the cayena beach club is very nice and is private, which is also nice to have while on vacation..The peddlers are not allowed to solicite on the private beach. I actually saw one being arrested cause he tried to sell some items on our beach. There is a nice outside restaurant to eat breakfast in the morning overlooking the ocean, in turn opens as an a la carte lunch menu, which is very good.. You can goto to the Lti property and use their pools and there is a nice lunch barbecue that serves Hamburgs and hot dogs and chicken..You can walk to the adjoining LTI property in minutes which is nice and that is where all the entertainment is and the shopping..We had a very nice time, would go back! Nice to know that you are safe on vacation in third world country. I recommend to bring some 1 dollar bills to use for tipping! There is shoping on the beach just off the LTI property, but they are hard to bargain with cause everything is $25 to start and go from there-U will see! I would not recommend any shopping especially alcohol you can get it cheaper at the duty Free shop at the airport. We did the speedboat and snorkeling tour..We had a nice time..But i would recommend to book with the reception desk to do any tours-Worth it not to try and save a few bucks..Overall you will save yourself time and hassle if u do..Because when u purchace tours outside of the resort the are not affilited and they are not organized and will be taken for a ride..Very nice place enjoy Paradise!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Johnny_CocountWater
<Content>Don't be duped by the "free visit" and "50% off discount!       beach  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jphilpot22
<Content>Hate is an understatement... We paid $200 to change our flight  leave Cayena Beach Club 3 days early. Although the grounds are beautiful, nothing could make up for the fair service. We were eaten alive by bed bugs/mites. We went on an ATV tour with Adventure Extreme...recomended by the Staff at Cayena Beach Club. During the ATV tour, we were harrassed by the local peddlars, our friends had their sun glasses stolen  I was bitten by a dog. You couldn't pay me enough to come back. The staff is not helpful  push you to buy a timeshare the entire time you are there. Everyone always has their hand out but no one ever has any change for a $20, $10 or $5...heaven forbid you bring larger bills,  forget about Travellers Cheques.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>WeddingDreams
<Content>Wedding Trip We just returned from our trip on May 3, 2008 from the Cayenna Beach Club. We went to the resort to have a romantic elopement style wedding. The main LTI property staff, Sylvie coordinated our wedding and it was wonderful. She did a fantastic job. They day we arrived we met with her that afternoon and she had all the finer details lined out and we only had to make minor choices. These choices were made easy as she had sample photos to review. She also worked on our schedule. Within minutes the event was finalized and we were off to have some fun. She made me feel comfortable that everything would go off without a problem. The spa treatment that came with our wedding package was wonderful. All the staff at the Metamorphis spa were friendly courteous and it was such a relaxing atmosphere. The massage therapists were very attentive and professional. The day of the wedding one of the ladies spent a great deal of time on my pedicure, manicure and hair. When I left the spa I felt totally ready for the big moment. There was no stress with the wedding preparations or ceremony. The ceremony was on the beach and was the setting that I had invisioned in my mind for so long. The band that came played native music and they were so fun, happy and added so much to the ceremony. The ceremony was the intimate but yet formal affair that I had wanted. Now for the review of the resort. Cayena was beautiful, we had a great room which the view from the patio was like a postcard. We could hear the ocean at night. Cayena was private and small and completely relaxing. The restaurant in Cayenna was wonderful with a staff that could produce amazing food. Everyone on staff at the bar and restaurant were concerned about each guest and you truly felt like a guest. Antonia, Newton, Lenora and Pascel quickly learned what you liked and provided those options daily. They were an amazing team. The lunch options were always fresh presented so well and the taste heavenly. We could not decide which of the two meals were our favorite as breakfast had its on special qualities also. Being able to access LTI property was nice so that we could go to the bars or restaurants on that side. The sea food restaurant was our favorite. The selections were fresh and grilled to perfection. The Trattoria served pizza that was fresh made to order and just the right size for one person.The internation buffet had so many choices and everthing that we had was great and it allowed much experimentation with different foods that we can not get a home. All the staff were more than happy to answer any questions that you had on food names, preparations or just about the resort. I felt as if everyone liked working there and they were sharing their home with us. We also did the zip line excursion and the office staff were very helpful in booking that trip and it was fun. However, it was very strenuous and not for those afraid of heights. The tour guide was very informative on the trip and showed us markets, cocoa plantations, fruits and more. Neither of us were sick from anything that we ate or drank during this trip. Overall I would say this trip was perfect for us and we cannot wait to go back. This is definitely a place that we would return to. We also want to thank everyone for making our wedding and honeymoon such a special time. We did experience one negative and that was the cost of the photographs. They were very expensive and did not follow the prices posted on the website. However, we were there one full week and that is the only negative that we had.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yowza14
<Content>Overall great Just returned from a week at Cayena Beach Resort. Absolutely LOVED the beach. The resort is next to the hotel and it gave the chance to sit quietly or go to the hotel beach and join in the activities. The pools and grounds are gorgeous and the staff is friendly. The room was average but it was spacious with alot of storage areas. The drinks were excellent and by no means watered down. The food was less than average and the flies were too many for me. In fact I lost several pounds that week. We did two excursions. The Sanoa Island trip was OK but I wouldn't do it again. (The Cayena beach was just as nice). The bus ride is 1 1/2 hrs. long each way (with no bathroom) and the catamaran ride was also 1 1/2 hours long. Everyone was very friendly but it was REALLY hot on the boat. The island had some neat snorkling opportunites so if you have equipment...bring it. The speed boat ride on the way back was alot of fun and they stop so you can swim and see huge red star fish. Getting back on the boat is very tricky. The ladder rungs are round and not flat so it's very hard to get a good grip with your hands or feet. In fact, one man fell into the boat and got a good cut above his eye. We also took a monster truck ride with Funny Monster Truck company. We set it up at Cayena. This was alot of fun and I would do it again. It is however VERY bumpy...which is part of the fun. If you do it, bring something like bags of candy b/c you toss them off the truck to the kids who run by and wave. They loved it! We were also able to go into a school and see the students. That was a wonderful opportunity. Overall the vacation was what I wanted...lots of beach and RR and a couple of excursions to see what daily life is like in the D.R. If it wasn't for the food and flies, I would go back again.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>ge0rge123
<Content>WONDERFUL! Can't wait to return!!       View of Cayena  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LenaJerni
<Content>Cayena is Lovely Cayena Golf Club at LTI Beach Resort is beautiful. I stayed in a newly huge 2 bedroom 3 bathroom apartment/condo that displayed their culture's art in every room. The apartment/condo was beautifully decorated. This place was fully equipped with everything you could possible need for a week stay or longer. They even had a washer and dryer in the apartment/condo. The entire staff was very professsional and treated me like their special guest everyday. I enjoyed the magnificant entertainment nightly and the white sand beach close by. The excursion were breath taking. I got out in the city on my own and the people were friendly and very kind. I got to meet and make new friends. This place and city is beautiful. You have got to put this on your To Do list.Sincerely,Z.L. Jernigan  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Augustatravelers
<Content>Great Stay Here! We just got back from a week at the Cayena Beach Club. Myself and my husband plus our 2 kids, 15 and 10 went. We really had a good time.The staff is great, the grounds are absolutely spectacular, the beaches are great. The Cayena pool is wonderful. It's not crowded and it always has an ocean breeze blowing so you don't get hot. The main LTI lobby is incredible and very Caribbean. The rooms are better than average but this is not a luxury resort. They were clean and comfortable though. I did not have any musty smell. The a/c didn't work well in one of the bedrooms but you could open the door and the ocean breeze blew in. I laughed when I saw the shower because the curtain is about 6 inches too short and I remembered reading about it in the reviews. It was aggravating though because it took 3 towels to keep the floor dry while you showered and then they were saturated.Because it is all inclusive you eat and drink free all week. The food is only average. But this was a common complaint by everyone I spoke to in the airport and they all stayed at different resorts (RIU, etc) so I guess its just the area, not this hotel specifically. The drinks were great I just wish that someone had been walking around the pool and beach taking our order and bringing them to us. We ate all our meals at the hotel except one (Hard Rock Cafe). We ate fruit, meat, salads, pasta, pizza, etc. We drank water at dinner and no one in our family got sick. The only precaution we took was to use the bottled water they provide in your room to brush our teeth.If you go to the beach and turn left and walk about 1/2 a mile there are vendors on the beach. They sell rum, cigars, bathing suits, beach coverups, art, etc. It's worth a walk down there. They are very aggressive sales people but they will bargain with you.We went on 2 excursions which the hotel will happily arrange for you in the Cayena lobby. We went to Manatee Park and swam with the dolphins, this was one of the highlights of the kids trip. We also did a 1/2 day trip to the countryside to see homes, schools, villages, etc. It was a great trip and I highly recommend it. Our kids loved that too.A few suggestions for you. Don't bring a beach towel, the hotel provides them. The bar soap, shampoos that they supply aren't too great, bring your own. Quite a few people missed their flight on Saturday. You need to get to the airport about 3 hours before your flight (they tell you 2 but it's not enough if it's busy). Be prepared for chaos at the airport. It is very disorganized and I saw quite a bit of bribing going on to move people to the front of the check in line, it was maddening. The hotel will arrange for a nice taxi/shuttle with air conditioning for you for $34. The Dominican Republic is a good blend between African and South American cultures. It is still very much a 3rd world country. If you come here knowing that then your visit will be much more pleasureable. Come expecting to relax and have fun, it is a great place to visit and it is a nice resort. You'll be glad you came!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babydoll888
<Content>Fantastic Vacation Just returned from 2 weeks in DR. Stayed at Cayena Golf Resort first week and the condo was beautiful. Staff like Edwin and Gueirmo and Javier were so helpful and friendly. We stayed at the Cayena Beach 2nd week and loved every minute of it and it was because the staff became like family. Elcano food was just the best. Pedro and staff made our breakfast and lunch a pleasant experience as did Pasqual and Leonora The buffet at LTI was not as good and saw same stuff every night but waiters were very good. Loved the white sandy beach and the blue water. Beaches were very clean and liked the privacy which was separate from LTI . Kuddos to Newton the bartender he sure new how to make my drinks. The office personnel was also very professional and solved any problems we had in our room which were few. We stayed on bottom floor and it was just a few feet away from the beach. Took excursion to Santo Domingo but would not recommend due to long bus trip 3 hrs there and back. I would suggest the trip to Saona Is. The catamaran trip over was a blast and the Island was so beautiful. Travel suggestions: Buy plenty of sunscreen before you go because it will cost $27.00 US to purchase at the shops. I also brought $100.00 in one dollar bills as tips and believe me you will use them. Overall it was a great experience and would go back to Cayena Beach if it was not so far from Wash St. I really hated to leave this paradise  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tropicaltraveler326
<Content>Wedded Bliss        the fenced in  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bubbles456
<Content>Don't be fooled My husband ,daughter and I were totally disappointed in this vacation. We will never go back to Punta Cana and will advise others not to go as well. We stayed at Cayean Beach Club which has 47 units on the LTI property. The grounds were beautiful and well maintained. The beach was gorgeous. We reserved two rooms--our's was musty smelling but my daughter's seemed ok. Since we reserved a separate room for my daughter, the resort unexpectedly charged us and extra $532 for food for the week for a fourth person who wasn't even there! They said the fee was based on double occupency---We felt this was a rip off! And the food was horrible to boot. The safest dinner was the pasta station. We arrived on Saturday and by Tuesday my daughter was ill from the food and she didn't even respond to the medications(prescription) I had brought with me. It wasn't until we arrived home and our doctor ordered her an antibiotic did she start to feel better. The doctor said it was a bacterial infection from the food.The water pressure in the rooms was minimal -and barely warm--and the shower curtain was at least 3 inches above the top of the tub--needless to say--you couldn't avoid a wet floor.At the airport more than a few people said they would never go back to Punta Cana--they all complained about the food at various resorts. It's not safe to travel outside your resort on your own so you are like a prisoner of wherever you are staying.If you have another alternative for a vacation take it!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>puter11239
<Content>Perfect Beach vacation! One of the best vacations we have ever had! The staff is wonderful! They really treated us like we were the rich and famous! This is not a fancy resort either! The cayena is a smalle resort located with The LTI resort which they also own. All the rooms are beachfront, the views alone are priceless, we were only a few feet away from the pool/bar-rest. from the back balcony-door. All the resort rooms have private front(ocean view and feet away access) and the back as well(few feet from pool/bar) The food was excellent! We usually ate at the buffet as their were so many choices to choose from!(Even the pickiest eaters can find plenty) They also have three wonderful restaurants with one that was al-a carte and could pay extra for certain items but we never had the chance as there were so many choices. The rooms were spotless! The staff was perfect from the maid to the bartenders and due to the size and their service became like family and friends after a day or two! We actually missed them all and felt we were leaving family behind! All alcohol is included and had some wonderful mixed drinks as well as some island favorites and frozen drinks as well. We were right on the water from our roms to all the services so could bring drink to the beach and g back in 2 min. for another. Everything was that close! They were constanly picking up your glasses on the beach as soon as you finished them! They gave you free towels for the beach to use everyday at no xtra charge! There are more than enough comfortable beach chairs with straw umbrellas for shade, you do not have to reserve them or be there early to get one, there were always plenty of emply ones s they do not allow the LTI side to use the cayena facilities but caye na could use the other side which was extremely close walking wise, they have a larger pool with much more people, depending on what you want, as same with beach area, our side was private like a v.i.p. section! Balconies at both entrances, all private as well! The cayena has a private office and staf just for them during the day until 5:00 then you use main lobby w/bar and very close to walkto. Entertainment was fun but nothing to special bit never dull! Always something to due. They also include half hour catamaran ride which was great, especially because of the staff! I couldn't think of one single complaint and have been to many, many resorts and usually much more expensive. This is an economy resort with luxury resort treatment, services. the rooms were comfortable and t.v. w/ cable but not fancy furniture ordecor, but very acceptale. They are cleaner than most luxury resorts we have stayed at and the private access to beach and distance, usually pay high price for. Water was clear and warm, calm, perfect for swimming! The beach is very long, with beach markets down a short distance. Also besides what the rsort offers that are included you are very close to parasailing, bannaboats, horsebck riding, all just a short distance on beach, also very good priced. We went their in Sept. of 07, then went back in mid Dec. again! We loved it that much and have never had a vacation so enjoyable and relaxing and beautful w/ services included at much higher prices. Actually paid more for most resorts per night withou A/I. We are actually going back in Sept. 08. and then not sure yet, if not Jamaica will go back in Jan.- or Feb. of 09. As we have two vacations a year that we usually use in the winter in the carribean due to a timeshare we own here in the U.S. in Westerly,R.I. on the Atlantic ocean, so we exchange a week to go to the carribean or other warm climate during winter months here and due to the discounted price on getaways usually use one to go to the cayena beach club. We actually thought of buying a vac. week there but since we only pay 195.00 for a week there through our membership club, we don't really need to aside from the all nclusive fee of 60.00 per person a day, if owner only pay 30.00 per day. Very affortable and worth much more than price, like I said economy resort prices and rooms but luxury resort services and very luxurios location for beach and closeness to all! Just a perfect vacation!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Saran652
<Content>Overall Great Experience!       Banana Boat!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>JRDM5
<Content>Excellent Island Paradise My friend and I stayed at the Cayena Beach Club November 17th through November 24th 2007. The staff at the Timeshare were more than accomodating. All of them have warm personalities and make your stay the best experience anyone could ask for. To mention a few names, Barbara the timeshare manager was very helpful and had a wonderful personality and would go the extra mile for the guests and works very hard!Newton the bar tender at the pool side bar was very warm, caring and gave you whatever you needed to drink. Sucre, Pasqual, Antonio, Leanore and the rest of the staff for breakfast and lunch made sure that everything was perfect for your dining experience. Breakfast and Lunch are the best part of your timeshare dining experience. Dinner was good, but eating in a buffet every night gets to be a little too much. However, you can eat in the italian restaurant or the Seafood restaurant, but be sure to make your reservations before 12pm at the photo booth at the entrance of the buffet. The seafood restaurant had awsome food. Don't worry about getting sick from the food. I didn't get sick at all. The food was good!The beach is just amazing with beautiful palm trees. The water is clear and is amazing as well. The pool is great as well, but colder than the ocean. Most of our time was spent at the beach reserved for the time share people. Those who choose to stay at the LTI can't get access to the beach area by the timeshare nor use the pool, but the timeshare people can use everything on the resort property, so if your staying there consider yourself lucky!Brush up on your Spanish before you go. Read a book or old notes from school. You will learn a lot just by being there. There are a lot of Europeans (German) and Canadians. To me they were just as nice as some of us American's. Also, European's have a tendancy to attend the beach topless. Not a big deal! We need to understand that in Europe this is what they do. I highly recommend tipping the bartenders and dining staff. We as American's should consider ourselves lucky because the staff only make about $120 per twelve days of eight (8) hour days. Some of them have children and find it hard to make ends meet. I recommend bringing $100 in dollar bills for tips. One ($1) dollar of American currency is $30 of their money.The grounds throughout the whole resort are kept beautiful. Everything is landscaped perfect. You will be amazed.As far as excursions, I recommend to take a tour of the Island of Ceona. This was a wonderful tour and you get to see a lot of the countryside of the DR. You will see a lot and the island of Ceona is like pure paradise. This costs approximately $89. DO NOT BOOK YOUR TOUR WITH ANY OF THE TOUR PEOPLE WHO COME UP TO YOU ON THE BEACH. Do this at the timeshare office with Barbara or any of the timeshare staff. They book through Apple Tours.Lastly, my friend and I literally cried on our last day. If you have a wonderful time like we did. You will feel the same way. If anyone would like to e-mail me, please feel free to do so at jdemaio@bgcuc.org  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lov2trvl2
<Content>wonderful vacation - great people We arrived at the airport which is lovely and tropical. It was a piece of cake! They take your pic's, pay the $10 Per person fee and get your luggage. It was a breeze. We took a cab to the resort which was set at $34 plus tip. We arrived at the LTI reception where we were greated by Fernando who took us to Cayena reception where we met Barbara. We received a welcome cocktail and were checked in. Barbara  Fernando speak excellent english. We were told that the Cayena is a private club (due to the timeshare people) and has private restaurant just for Cayena guests for breakfast  lunch (until 2:30) We met another couple from our plane also checking in and had lunch with them at EL Cano. The menu is excellent  they have a salad bar  breads also. There we met the crew of Bartender Antonio, waiter-Gotier, and manager/waiter Pasqual. They are fantastic. All thru the week they were full of energy, always smiling, and couldn't do enough for you. It made you feel like family. The room was lovely (Room 116) It was the bottom floor corner unit with 2 double beds, a sitting area, a jaccuci tub and a corner sitting area, outside back deck and a grassy lawn area with an outrageous view of the beach and water. Unfortunately we were getting hit by the tropical storm NOEL so we couldn't really enjoy it for the 1st 4 days!! Finally Wednesday we had a break of sun. The dinners were at the main Buffett which had an OK variety, but I would much prefer to sit down at a restaurant  get served. My husband liked the Buffet though so it's a matter of preference. We went to the specialty restaurants -Seafood (which only had 1 item on the regular menu of fish) everything else was chicken or pork *unless you want to order off the other menu with a sur-charge. The Italian restaurant was good with many choices of Pizza and one Calzone which was good. This was low season so they only has one specialty restaurant open per night. We went to the show the first night but it wasn't too good. It was a bunch of guys from the audience dressed up lip singing to American female artists, but since most of the people were from Germany  Peru they didn't know the words and it was kinda silly. On Holloween they had the buffett restaurant decorated and the show was really good. They had a guy dressed as Michael Jackson  the crew did a dance routine to thriller among other songs like Rocky Horror. On the down side, we didn't have H OT water throughout our stay. We went to reception several times, but there must have been a problem in fixing it. We had to let the water run for 20 minutes to get some warm water if any  all the jaccuci's were cold (including the one a the spa??). Since it was raining and cool, it was hard to warm up. The room walls seem paper thin and you could pretty much hear everything. The Cayena  LTI grounds are beautiful  clean  kept up. There really weren't many bugs except for a few spiders, and little ants on the beach sand. They had a cleaning crew clean the sea grass daily that accumulated from the strong surf. We would recommend this resort for timeshare exchange  would definately go back. We met such nice peope, and the staff could not have been better (especially in EL Cano Restaurant)We will definately return.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>nancy465
<Content>Great vacation Let me start by also stating as others have done in the past that this isn't a 5 star resort. This resort satisfied my husband and myself and we were very impressed by the cleanliness. We had gone to another resort and were extremely disappointed by everything the resort had to offer.The food wasn't so great. The red meats were tough. I expected more Dominican food every day and more seafood like shrimp and lobster which were available for an additional price. The variety was ok.The room smelled like mold and mildew which we tolerated for one night and asked to be switched. They didn't ask any questions what so ever. We were moved to another room in less than 1/2 hr. The next room was better. The bed was hard but we actually didn't mind it. It felt good on our backs. The pillows could've been larger but again we were able to tolerate.The resort on the whole was very clean including all of the bathrooms we entered. It was impressive.The time share sales is a part we didn't like. They don't ask you if you're interested. They just book an appointment with you and don't explain what it's about. They just simply tell you you will get free t-shirts if you go to your appt. I feel they should be honest with you.I would go back to this resort in the future, but I would also like to go visit other resorts in the surrounding area.The taxi was $33 US ea. way from the airport and back.The airport wasn't too bad.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamille
<Content>its like family Just returned from a trip to Cayena Beach Club. Everything was fantastic from the moment they picked us up at the airport until they dropped us off there again after our week stay. The rooms were spacious, clean and had great views of the beach. The staff was remarkable, friendly, informative and i actually shed a tear or two saying good-bye. I highly recommend this resort if you like being treated like VIP with a family atmosphere. I'm returning there in July to celebrate my Birthday with my FAMILY  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acpr
<Content>5 Star Excellence in the Caribbean My wife and I have lived and traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean as well as the USA, Europe and Central America and, unequivocally, would rate this vacation as our top experience. This property is advertised as a botique hotel, but is also listed as a timeshare with Interval International. It is an all inclusive resort and considered the VIP section of the huge LTI resort. Cayena has its own swimming pool, whirlpool, restaurant, bars, administrative offices and beach areas. Yet any of the resources of the LTI resort are at the disposal of the guests. The LTI resort has all of the amenities a large resort should have (golf course, tennis courts, fitness center, spa, restaurants, discoteque, etc., etc. The grounds are exceptionally beautiful and maintained to perfection. In our opinion Cayena rated 1st in service, quality and quantity of food (all natural--no canned goods--everything made from scratch the day it was served) and highly upgraded suites, most with oceanfront or ocean view. They are the closest suites to the beach in all of Punta Cana!!! Punta Cana has 26 miles of white sand beaches--enough for a marathon--and mostly flat. We were treated like royalty from the day they picked us up at the airport until the day we regretfully had to return. Because we had an infant in the group, the staff was constantly attending to our special requests. My only recommendation for imporvement would be to upgrade the table wine that comes with the meals. We cannot wait to return to the Cayena Beach Club..  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pmts
<Content>Shhh.....Let Me Tell You A Secret We鈥檝e just returned from our second trip this year to the Cayena Beach Club and the resort remains on the top our favorites list. If you鈥檙e looking for glamour or glitz, stay away, but if you鈥檙e looking for great service, good food, and a beautiful beach just steps from your room, then you鈥檝e found the right place.The warmth of the Dominican people is incredible. We could not have felt more welcome to the resort and country; we all feel part of the Cayena family. Barbara and her entire staff are to be commended for their excellent service at the front desk. Chef Pedro, Pasqual, and the entire wait staff at the El Cano Restaurant, the private restaurant for Cayena Club, provided warm and sincere service every day. The bonds that were formed between all of us created a family atmosphere, which was definitely evident the last day of our trip, when we exchanged our farewells. We鈥檙e returning in January, and are counting the days.I鈥檝e let you into my secret; please share only with those who can let go of American perceptions of service and quality and can relax, enjoy, and let the sun, sand, and beautiful ocean do it's magic.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MurphyCPCU
<Content>A Great Resort with Awesome people Our second trip to the Cayena Beach Club covered the dates of September 29 though October 6th. It was by estimation our 12th trip to the DR, one of which was the Southern shore and the rest to Bavaro Beach. We consider ourselves flexible as we can live with small inconveniences if the rest of the resort has positive attributes to offset them.Another comment would have to include the fact we believe the best aspect of the DR is the people who are in contact with the guest throughout the day. The other is that we have found that despite impressive physical items such as marble and mahogany throughout the complex, food can be lacking in quality and that is a deal breaker, especially if you get sick. The desk help at the Cayena is second to none. Having been there twice I am simply in amazement and frankly disgusted that anyone could write the things they have in one review about one of the employees at the front desk. It is simply something to be dismissed as a person that is in a distorted frame of mind. I bounced the subject of this employee off no less than three couples who had their vacations processed by her, and none had anything less than praises for her effort, kindness, and professionalism. I will go as far as to say I would reconsider my decision to return if this employee was dismissed or was not there for other reasons. No better proof exists to not believe everything you read.The food. Breakfast and Lunch are superior here to any resort we have visited and it is not close. Breakfast can be and is very good at about every resort we have visited but having it at the beachfront is a treat. Finish and you are 30 feet from an excellent beach front and reserved area. The service is simply excellent. I will not specify names for this review because I am not willing to run the risk of missing someone or downplaying them against another, but they all possess the energy and incredible desire to please. I would almost swear that they sit up at night thinking of ways to make your meal and vacation as good as they can be. We have encountered this at many if not all the resorts but this one goes a little beyond. Now lunch. A variety of entrees to pick from and all are very good, several excellent. The 鈥淒orado鈥?fish was featured one of the days we were there was one of the best pieces of fish I have ever had. The chef had something to do with it (it was not just an incredible cut of fish) with the method of preparation and presentation. The kitchen is truly one of the selling points of this resort. The only let down is they are not presently available for dinner .This is under consideration for change. The Bow Bar (located above the restaurant area) is a great place to spend the evening playing cards or just having drinks or both. This is a quite place, not one for the rowdy. The ocean is about 30 feet or so from the bar and it is on the second floor so the view is awesome.The beds and rooms are suitable. Some complain the beds are hard or the showers have insufficient flow. As previously stated, this is not the Ritz; it is a modest yet incredibly enjoyable vacation getaway. It also does not have the 鈥渟hock and awe鈥?pool. It has a functional pool with great service at the bar and restaurant.Another point about this resort is proximity. The walking is minimal. We have stayed at nearby resort s and enjoyed them very much but it is tough to beat a 30 second walk to the pool, dining area, and beach. No shuttle trains needed here.We are booked for January and have absolutely no second thoughts that this is the place we enjoy over the others we have visited. It should be noted that the Cayena is not for those who desire loud music and action at the pool with a rowdy group of drinkers , but this is not to say the bar is not fun in the late afternoon.Enjoy a relaxed vacation here with the friendliest staff on Bavaro Beach!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Jake_Albon
<Content>Im 14 And Found This Holiday Brilliant! I stayed at the Cayena Beach Club resort, Punta Cana, for 2 weeks and i loved everything about the hotel, the service, the beach, the pool, the rooms.. everything was just fantastic, a mix of European, British and American People were there Which was odd, but nice i suppose, as i said im 14 and most of the reviews posted are from older visitors, but you cant go there and not love the place. Theres always something to do, weather its the seawater activites, the hotel activites, or just being with your friends. I enjoyed the fact that the Beach club was seperate to the LTI, but that we could still go into the other hotel, seeing as there were alot more people there. I cant say the food was brilliant, some nights it was lovely, others just alright, and some night terrible, but what do you expect? Antonio And Julio, 2 of the barstaff there are just brilliant, I loved those guys. Overall, this has to be the best, friendliest hotel i have ever been too..Definately 5/5  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamieLa
<Content>If you haven't Booked yet, Don't Check out the review I just posted:My husband and I travel often. We always read Trip Advisor before every trip. The reviews for this particular hotel are a bit contradictory so I wanted to write to clarify. Keep in mind that this is a European resort and it highly caters to Europeans! It does not cater to Americans. Luckily, we had AMAZING COMPANY and we had a blast and laughed off most of the problems that happened. Please see below. Paying for all Inclusive:Upon arriving at the resort, if you are booking a Getaway, you will have to pay 72 per person per day. We expected 30 per person per day as per the last time we went to the Dominican. The Administrative PersonIf you call the Cayena prior to traveling down there you will most likely speak with Barbara. She is HORRIBLE and will not help you in any way. When I called to talk about the cost of the per person for the food, she got very sarcastic and rude. She told me if we can't afford it, we should simply cancel our trip and not come. I then asked her about customer satisfaction and how she felt about that. Her response was: we have enough people coming to our resort and we do not need one more happy customer. If we hadn't already paid for our trip and our flights, I would have cancelled right there. Do not expect any help from her. I will never stay at another LTI resort.Food:Let's start with the overall experience. It was by far the worst food I have ever had. My husband lost 10 pounds over the week. Please know that we are not people that NEVER complain. We, along with 3 other couples, got food poisoning (hard to say if it was from the hotel or one of the excursions they endorse called the Kontiki). Either way, it ruined our last night at the resort. We were both fighting for the bathroom. Do not bet on good seafood at the resort. If you have already booked your trip, don't panic, the poultry is very good and so are the French Fries. Stay far away from the hot dogs and sausage. You will never eat it again if you try it there. The fish is very fishy and the mussels are rubbery.Rooms:If you booked a Junior Suite, expect to get 2 double beds. You can push them together, but that is all they offer. The rooms were nice and we did not have a problem. Our friends had a problem with the A/C in their room and a leak in their tub, but it was quickly resolved. Our friends were on the 3rd floor and it was a pain every time they had to run back to their room. We were on the 1st floor and LOVED it.Pool:The Cayena Pool is where we hung out 90% of the time. We like to drink during the day. The Bartenders at the Cayena were AMAZING. Antonio (Day) and Elvis (Night) were our favorites. The Swim up bar is not really much. There aren't seats in the pool and the bartenders don't spend their time there. You have to yell up to them every time you need a drink. Medical:I had to go to the doctor due to an ear infection while we were there. Although no one ever wants to have to do that, I was very impressed with him. He spoke 3 languages and was well educated. When I got home, my doctor praised his diagnosis and treatment. The visit cost 250.00 US. It included 2 visits, an antibiotic, ibuprofen and something to settle my stomach. Blue Cross is reimbursing it as an emergency visit. I have to pay a 100.00 copay.Beaches and Beach Activities The beaches are amazing!!! I walked and ran on the beaches almost every day. The water is crystal clear. Parasailing costs $72 - 90 USD for 2 people depending on which company you go to. That is for 15 minutes. There is also a cool flying boat and glider that costs 80.00 USD for 1 person for 15 minutes. The waves are not large enough to boogie board but the wind is nice if you like to wind-surf or rid the hobie cat.The LTI (the larger resort).The LTI is HORRIBLE. The look of the resort is beautiful, but the people are extremely rude. At 9pm, I lost my key to our room in the Cayena one night and I had to go to the Front Desk at the LTI. The person at the front desk, (Patricio) had the nerve to lecture me on losing it. How dare he!!! Because the Cayena lobby closes at 5pm, they had to call a manager (off the resort) to come in and make a new key. We waited for over an hour. They should have had someone at the lobby with access for emergencies. I was very upset. The pools at the LTI are Huge and that is where they have activities such as stretching, aerobics, etc. Unfortunately, they cancelled 50% of the time. It was really annoying.The workout room:There is NO A/C in the workout room!!!! Also, the people are not helpful at all in the room. They do not have towels to clean off you or the machines. It is pretty gross.Other than that, the facilities for working out are nice if you want to lift weights but the cardio machines are horrible. You might as well enjoy the beach. There is one treadmill but you cant run on it and the incline doesn't work. There are 3 bikes but they do not have any calorie counters or any digital information. The only other cardio machine they have is an elliptical which is rusty and squeaky. It also does not count calories or anything else correctly.Excursions:The Kontiki was the only excursion we did and it was a blast. It was 62 per person per day (79 with Tax and extra charges). DO NOT EAT THE FOOD. We do not know if it was the food from the excursion or from the hotel that got our entire group sick. One couple we met was on their honeymoon and had to go to the doctor and be put on an IV. Another couple is currently being tested for ECOLI.. we will have the results soon. My husband and I both were tested and are now on medicine for Food Poisoning. However, the Kontki is a BLAST other than that. They entertain you and you will have so much fun!USD versus RD (the Dominican Dollar)Be prepared to get a different exchange rate everywhere you go. It ranged from 30.00 to 36.00 to the dollar while we were there. If you use a credit card anywhere on the resort they will charge you an additional 5-7%. You also have to purchase a 15.00 USD minimum to use it. Next, One of the couples we were with brought travelers checks. The hotel refused to cash the travelers check because they said they did not have enough US Dollars. If you do an exchange with the bank, they will charge you 3.00 for the exchange and then an additional %. If you can bring enough money up front for the trip, do it. You do not need Dominican money for anything and every time you have to exchange it you will lose money... especially at the casino.Casino (nearby the resort)The hotel offers a free shuttle to and from a nearby casino. The tables are 5 minimum for blackjack. Texas hold-em is a 200.00 USD minimum buy in but no minimum bid. It is very shady. They mess up on dealing often and 3 times, they had to burn cards because they miscounted. When they miscounted, they would not give you your money back. If you are used to Vegas, I would not recommend going to the casino here. They have slots as well. Also, everything, including the slots uses the USD.Shopping.Larimar is BEAUTIFUL and worth about 5 times more here that it is there. The Dominican Republic is the only island that it is found on. I would recommend purchasing some.Also, the coffee is WONDERFUL. I bought a bag off of the resort at the venders down the beach for 100 RD (which is roughly 3.33 USD.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Bella8743
<Content>Cayena Beach was amazing!!! I just came back July 7th after staying a week at Cayena Beach Club. This was by far the most amazing vacation my three friends and I have taken yet. The grounds are beautifully maintained. The exclusivity of being tucked away outside LTI is wonderful. If you are looking for great accommodations, superb customer service and a beautiful relaxing time, you've found your place. Our hang out was in the pool bar / restaurant area right above the beach. You do not need anymore than that. Our favorite bar tender (now friend) Elvis is the most amazing man you'll ever meet. He works at the bar on top of the restaurant from 5pm until close. Tell him the Puerto Rican chicas from 105 send him hugs and kisses. Julio, Sandy and Sucre were absolutely wonderful serving and preparing our food and drinks for breakfast and lunch. (Important note... they have the best coffee in the resort :)) Those guys made your day with their excellent customer service and personalities. The buffet at luch is great as well. At night it is average, but again, what they lack in food, they more than make up with the magnificent people they have taking care of you. They had an amazing night where they closed all the restaurants and cooked a typical Dominican dinner. Fantastic! You'll have soooo much fun. Their beach is gorgeous! I believe it rivals some of the beaches in Puerto Rico (I never thought that would happen) you are treated to one free catamaran ride. TAKE IT! Those waters are beautiful. For $7USD you can go banana boating. It was a great time. There were a couple of days were the sea weed was bad, but they had people take care of it. We had a few messages. They were wonderful and the facility is beautiful. There is a great deal of people from all around the world. So, brush up on your linguistic skills. We left having met wonderful people from all over the world :) In conclusion, I can not say enough about the employees! They are wonderful people who are true ambassadors for Cayena Beach and their country.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ginaiswim
<Content>Wow What A Vacation! WOW! My husband and I just got back from the best vacation of our lives. We stayed at The Cayena Beach Club from 5/19-5/26. I had read some reviews that were sort of scary but then some were good so we did it, and are we glad! Arrival at airport was very crowded but organized chaos. Be ready for a photo with the locals(available when you leave).Fun! Then get a taxi...set the rate first...we got $25.00 for the 2 of us...very common rate, but they will start higher.Check in was smooth and easy. Barbara, Daniel and staff were very helpful, and soooo nice. I thought I wanted 2nd or 3rd floor but we had ground level and it was better. Every room(suite) has a balcony or terrace overlooking the ocean(a mere 75 feet away) and another overlooking the garden and pool(only 50 or so feet away)Email is available in the reception area when they are open (9-5) Everyone shares and I had no trouble getting time. Yes the beds were a little firm and the pillows a little soft but we slept so well.Food was very good. We ate breakfast and lunch most days at Elcano. Best omelets ever!!Made to your order. El Mirador was a buffet and the variety was amazing. The fruit and cheese was sooo good for dessert. There was meat, fish vegetables and pasta so choose from.The beach was so clean, the sand is like talcum powder, so soft.The water is an amazing blue-green and clear.The staff of the hotel from the chambermaids to the bartenders to the lifeguards to the reception staff were some of the nicest people we have encountered on vacation. Everyone is greeted with a cheery Hola. Bring singles to tip, it is so appreciated. Any NY Yankee articles are also a big hit. We brought coloring books, crayons pencils and stickers for the children of the maids. Also appreciated.You do need 3 hours at the airport to depart, the lines are very long. They do move quickly and are organized. Bring a bottle of water, very hot.Email me for any other questions.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>griff060
<Content>Everything You'd Expect from A Resort Vaca Just got back from the Cayena and had a blast! The Cayena is a smaller section of the larger LTI resort. As a guest at the Cayena you have a private area just for you! And, you also have access to the LTI. Also note, this is all-inclusive but @ $62 a day you'll get your money's worth.As a Cayena guest you have a private pool, restaurant, reception, and beach huts. The staff treat you like VIP's. The restaurant does not serve dinner, but the lunch there is great!The food is not five star, but you also have to take into account that you're not in the US or Europe. The buffets are good but alas buffets. The Estrella del Mar was not very good. I saw other people order off the non-included menu, but they didn't look much happier. The Trattoria was better with pizza a la carte as well as some buffet items. You can also pay for a bottle of nice wine. And, surprisingly, the pizza was very good. I would avoid most of the red meat, although I heard that the steak for lunch at the private Cayena restaurant was good. Myself, I stuck with mostly fish dishes and was impressed. PS- Don't worry about the water or ice they serve, filtered and fine, avoid the tap. Plus, they give you as much bottled as you need in your room and at the reception area.The people and staff are awesome, they end up being the highlight of your stay (other than the beautiful weather). Newton and Elvis were our bartenders who spoke both English and Spanish. Eventually we spoke Spanglish to each other. Give these guys a few bucks and they'll make your trip something to remember, especially if you like crazy frozen drinks. Also, you may want to bring a mug, I forgot and made more trips to the bar than necessary. The only guys that will grate on your nerves are the omnipresent timeshare clowns. But, once they know you're a guest they take the foot off the gas some, but it can be fun to watch them harass passer bys on the beach.The beach is near perfect. You will be approached by activity guys, just be honest, if you want to do something get a price, if not, just say so and they'll leave you alone. They are surprisingly good at remembering faces.I only left the resort to golf one day, which was good. It was set up by the resort staff and included everything in the price, transportation to the course, greens fees, cart, range balls. For the more adventurous I think making a day trip with a reputable company outside the resort would be fine. Just ask the staff who to go with and where.Overall, I was very happy with my experience. This is the perfect place to relax, tan and have some low key fun. Also, for Americans mostly, a lot of topless on beach, so don't be surprised. Here's to the Dominican people, cheers.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mrochelle
<Content>Not an inexpensive trip, but wonderful beach area. My husband and I went April 21-28 for our 5 year anniversary. When we went to check in I was hit with some sticker shock. I thought we would only have to pay $30-35 per person, per day for the all-inclusive. Instead it was $76 per person. I'm sorry but I don't eat or drink enough to begin to pay that much. I don't even spend that much for my family grocery bill for 4 people in a 3-4 week period. So needless to say we didn't spend money on any activities while we were there. Another couple forgot sunscreen and told us they were charged $27 for a tube. Cigars that my husband said cost him $5-6 in the states they were charging $10+ for. Don't plan on this being an inexpensive trip!! Otherwise the beaches were wonderful, and the water is very clear!! We took daily walks for 4+ miles. It rained almost all week and we hardly had any sun but it was still enjoyable. Rooms were pretty nice but the beds are hard as a rock.Food was ok, but nothing wonderful that stood out. I was disappointed that they were serving lobster, when the book I read said it was out of season and suggested you not be tempted to order it. We would love to go back but will look into the Paradisus or the Rui next time.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>geckodani
<Content>Overall good experience, great place to relax. My husband and I just returned from a week at the Cayena Beach Club, and had an overall good experience. The Cayena Beach club is a small, private section of the larger LTI resort. With only 47 rooms, it is very intimate and not at all crowded. Cayena has it's own section of the beach, as well as a private pool and restaurant reserved for Cayena only. It's a very charming and beautiful resort. The beach is amazing! White sand, gorgeous water, and we never had a problem finding chairs in the shade. This is due mostly to the Cayena staff routinely chase LTI guests off the Cayena side of the beach, making sure that the little huts and loungers were free for Cayena use. The beach was wonderfully relaxing.Take a Bubba Keg! Not only are the mugs wonderful for use by the beach, they are also a hot commodity and can be traded/sold to the staff when you leave. The bartenders will fill them for you with no hassle at all. We tipped a dollar each time and were getting more and more rum by the end of the week...We found the Cayena staff to be very helpful and friendly. While a little spanish is helpful, the staff goes out of their way to communicate, regardless of what language you speak. Check in and check out were both easy. Staff also has a tendency to burst into song at random intervals, which is highly entertaining!We did have some problems with out toilet starting at about 4 am on the third day of our trip. I walked over to the LTI desk and they had someone from maintainence there within 20 minutes to plunge the toilet. We unfortunately had to call them out 6 more times until the problem was finally resolved. Each time someone was there within 1/2 an hour, and there was a public toilet available at the Cayena registration area, so it was not too inconvenient.Housekeeping does not clean the rooms at the same time each day. Some days our room was clean by 8 am ,others not until 5 pm. I highly reccomend putting up the Do Not Disturb when you go back to your room in the middle of the day. Otherwise your husband might have to run the the door wearing nothing but a towel and a sheepish expression to request Uno minuto por favor!!!! (It was hysterical, and the maid just cracked up and came back later).The food was adequate and actually quite good for the most part. We ate breakfast and lunch at The Elcano (the private Cayena restaurant) and found the food there to be some of the best, especially at lunch. You order off a menu, food is delivered to your table just like a normal restaurant.We ate at all the restaurants at least once. La Trattoria is an Italian place with really good pizza (look out for the one with egg - they actually cook an egg on the top of the pizza!). Estrella del Mar was okay. We ate off the inclusive menu (there were additional items that could be purchased) and had mixed success. My husband had the veal, which was wonderful. I had the pork - which was not so good! El Bucanero is a BBQ place where you order at the grill and they then bring the food to you. It was good, but the meat was a but tough. El Mirador is the main LTI buffet restaurant. The food was decent, but would have gotten boring if there were not other options available. We did not have any problems with food quality. My husband had some stomach troubles, but he has a food allergy that we believe was responsible, as I was eating the same food and was fine.The water they serve at the tables is bottled, and the ice they use is bagged, so don't worry about drinking it. They stock the mini fridge with 2 liter bottles of water, and bottle of coke and beer daily.The local vendors are annoying. Haggling is not one of my favorite activities. There are jewelry vendors occasionally on site, and they can be very very pushy. We ended up walking way out of our way to avoid them on many occasions.The mosquitos came out with a vengeance the third night we were there. Bring bug repellant!Overall we had a wonderful time at the resort.Just a note- The airport on the way home is not fun. Get there 3 hours early (seriously) as there were some major lines when we were there.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>cito90
<Content>Beautiful Beach       Awesome View from Bow Bar Of Cayena Beach  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>slimbim40
<Content>Never Again!!!!!!!! This was the worst vacation ever.From the moment we got off the plane to the moment we left.The staff in reception was the worst I have ever dealt with. They were not helpful in any way, every time we has a problem or a question they would listen then disappear and leave us standing there like idiots. The room we has was mildewy and smelled horrible of must. It took them 2 days to change our room because they said all the rooms were all the same. Thats not true the 2nd room was a little better. Also we had 2 cockaroaches in our room the lighting system was terrible we had to put our makeup on outside in the sunlight that was fun!!!! The bathtub filled up with water as we showered and didnt go down until it was ready, if we asked the staff to fix it they probably wouldn't have gotten to it. There was hardly any nightime entertainment, no caribbean music playing anywhere, I felt like i was listening to my local radio station at home. I asked for a remote control for the tv on Wednesday March 28th 2007 guess what I'm still waiting for it!!! The best part was waiting for the bus to take us back to the airport. They told us to wait in reception for the bus at 1:45 and it would come get us well guess what they said we were not there when it came. Meanwhile we were wating there for approximately 45 min before we asked again where the bus was. They went to the wrong reception area to pick us up it was there fault. We had to be at the airport at 2:30 guess what again they picked us up at the resort at 2:45. Well i hope this is helpful. I really doubt that I will get a response from them or an apology.They had no intention of even offering us anything for our issues.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>mikekaty
<Content>The staff are amazing Stayed at the Cayena Beach Club the last week of Jan. with three girlfriends and we all had a great time.  The staff especially Newton Hector and Julio couldn't have taken better care of us. The food was really pretty good, some of the meat was a liitle tough but the pasta, stir fry and the ala carte pizza and pasta restaurant were delicious. The breakfasts were more than ample and kept us going all day.  The beach was incredible and never a worry about finding a chair. Can't wait to go back and bring my husband this time. Great place to relax and do absolutely nothing.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NJRose
<Content>Wonderful Resort! We just returned from a fabulous week at The Cayena Beach Resort (2/10-2/16/07). It was our 2nd trip to Punta Cana and we much preferred this resort to the other resort we stayed at along the same beach (Bavaro Beach). We arrived into a clean and friendly airport and a cab to the resort was $30 US and took 1/2 hour. The resort was very clean and beautiful. Our room had a few small issues (drain in bathroom sink not working properly  missing curtain on front window). We alerted the front desk and within 1/2 hour, both issues were resolved. I do not agree with previous reviewers about the pillows; our bed and pillows were quite comfortable. There is a computer in the Cayena lobby that guests can use to check email, etc. The location of the resort is very nice; it is a gorgeous beach (white sand, turquoise blue water) and the resort provides you with lounge chairs under huts for shade if you want it. The weather was perfect every day and there was always a nice breeze off the water, so we never felt too hot or uncomfortable. We took part in the 1/2 hour catamaran ride (one of the staff takes you out for free) and loved it! We also tried parasailing and it was wonderful. It was run very professionally and we felt very safe (it was $89 US for 2 people) The resort has a few stores and it is also a short walking distance from a market located right on the beach. There were many vendors and they sold all kinds of souveniers, art work, jewelry, etc. Of course, we were able to bargain with them quite a bit, and we came home with some nice rememberences. We chose to eat all of our meals in the large buffet restaurant due to the large selection of foods. The food was quite good for the most part. Our favorites were the pasta and stir fry stations, although at times the lines were a bit long for these stations. There was always plenty of fruits and vegetables, meats, etc to pick from. The meat was sometimes a bit tough, but there was always something else to try if that was the case. The staff was wonderful and very accomodating. We definitely felt well taken care of. At night there was always some kind of entertainment. Again, the staff was wonderful and always tried hard to be entertaining- some shows were quite good and some were so-so, but we still always had fun. I have already been highly recommending this resort to family and friends, and I'll look forward to returning again in the future. If there was any thing I would change- the only 'blender' drinks they had were pina coladas and bahama mamas (in machines). They were very good, but it would have been nice to have other frozen drink options as well. (they would make any mixed drink you asked for and of course had beer and wine as well). All in all, we loved this resort and had a wonderful, relaxing vacation!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Matt44
<Content>Very good experience My wife and I made our eleventh trip to PC Feb. 3 thru 10 and stayed at the Cayena Beach Club. It was our first stay at this facility.Many questions about the resort were answered at my request by Barbara who works at the Cayena prior to our visit. She was extremely helpful, polite, accurate and quick to respond. This proved to foreshadow our trip which was the most enjoyable by a fairly large margin.I will be careful to point out this resort does not have the magnificent artwork, marble, fountains and other impressive and expensive things to look at like as is the case at the Paradisus or Riu Palace. What the place does have is very clean and livable rooms, excellent proximity to everything you normally do during a beach vacation, and the friendliest staff we have encountered. Due to the fact that it is small you get to know all the waiters, bartenders, desk help and anyone else you see throughout your day. They quickly become friends.Service was almost too good to believe. A call was made to the Cayena desk informing them that not all the TV stations were working and they advised me they would come over to look at the set. I said they should let themselves in as I did not want to wait around in the room. They said they would be right over. They were there in about one minute and said it would be working in an hour. It did. We lost a key card to our room. It took less than one minute from stepping up to the counter to leaving with the new set that replaced the old ones. I don鈥檛 imagine they can continue to have these type of results but it is certainly indicative of their willingness to help.The resort is set within the LTI which has a nice pool and is not overly expansive. We found the LTI food to be much better than most resorts with a few options to order off a more upgraded menu for a very reasonable cost.. My wife had a rather risky appetizer caller carpaccio and I had the prawns. They were excellent and of the highest quality. While some do not want to spend and extra dime when they are at an A/I, this was a tremendous value and I personally would not hesitate to shell out $14 for foods such as this. I did have lobster as well and it was not as good due to overcooking. They also have a grill that has outstanding chicken and ribs. The buffet had a wide variety and I found the fish to be very flavorful and without bones. This had eluded me in previous visits. Lines are a bit of a challenge at the bars but this is an economical resort and I would not hesitate to stay at this resort had we not been spoiled by the Cayena. It will difficult to ever find a more enjoyable trip as this resort set the bar high.The Cayena serves a breakfast at the building near the pool. As is the case with all breakfast in PC it was very good. The upside is that it is about 75 to 125 feet from the Cayena rooms. The walk is incredibly short. You could order an omelet, go back and get the towel you forgot at the room, and still return for the omelet the cook began preparing when you left before it was done. They also serve lunch which was the highlight of the trip. We do not go to PC to eat but found ourselves looking forward to lunch every day. In past trips we looked forward to returning home to get out stomach back in order. Not on this trip. Items such as grouper fillet, marlin and shrimp skewers, fillet of beef, and a few more delicacies made ordering difficult as we did not want to miss out on other items , yet wanted what we had the prior day because it was so enjoyable. While the service at lunch was at times a little slow, it is tough to complain when you are gazing out over the ocean from about 30 feet away. The second floor has an even more impressive view due to the elevation. Here we spent many nights having drinks with Elvis, the friendliest bartender we have ever met. I would be remiss not to mention the daytime pool bartender Newton who was equally as hospitable.If the food and service were the same at all resorts in PC, it would be overrun with tourist. We count the days until Barbara is checking us in for another seven day slice of heaven.All reviews should mention the negatives. The beds are a little hard and they only provide two pillows. That is all I have to complain about!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shawndc5
<Content>Really Liked the Resort I stayed a week at the Cayena on a time share swap from November 25 through December 2. The facility is mandatory all inclusive, and the food/beverage fee is $30.00 per person per day, payable at arrrival. Note however, that the food plan is based upon double occupancy; thus if you are traveling as a single, as I was, you will be paying $60.00 per day. The resort is actually a separate physical facility within the much larger LTI resort. The building is three storied and attractive, and my room, which was on the first floor, was immaculate. The rooms are actually suites in that there is a sitting/lounging area that is separate from the sleeping area. There is a mini refrigerator that is kept stocked with bottled water, beer, and soft drinks. The tap water should not be consumed. The bathroom is very modern and the tub was a combination tub/jacuzzi. It is large enough only for one person. There is cable television in the room.The beach is absolutely beautiful. It is the longest beach in the Caribbean that I have seen, white sanded, with gentle breakers. Because all of the resorts are on the beach, there are always people walking the sand; however it is by no means overcrowded. There are parasailing, boating, bananaboating, and other such activities available at various places on the beach.There are at two swimming pools at the facility. There are three buffet restaurants at the LTI/Cayena facility; Mirrador is the largest and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner with an international variety; Buccaneer specializes in grilled dishes (chicken, beef, etc.) and is open for the three meals and snacks. El Cano is very close to the Cayena building and serves breakfast and lunch buffets. The food is plentiful, and, if not gourmet, certainly more than adequate, with much variety, even for a vegetarian like me. There are various bars throughout the Cayena/LTI facility, and the quality of the house brands and wine was better than I've had at other all inclusives. There are also two specialty restaurants, seafood, and Italian, for which reservations are suggested.Finally, the staff is really nice, although the only irritant, to me was the attempt, on the beach by some staffers to sell time shares to vacationers.I really enjoyed the Cayena and will go back in a New York minute for a restful vacation at a beautiful beach resort.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Debski65
<Content>Great Vacation       view from front balcony  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>irie1029
<Content>Awesome AI with great Staff Week1 鈥?Traded Marriott Week. Saturday checked in at Cayena at LTI鈥?again AWESOME staff, room, and the kindness at check in was better than expected. The other guests at Cayena many US as well as the staff were great. Breakfast and lunch are served at cayena private bar and restaurant for Cayena guests only. The lunches at Cayena are off a menu and the absolute best. They were better than any meal by far. The wait staff at Cayena were top notch. The one pool on Cayena grounds is for Cayena and the ample beach area is reserved for Cayena guests only as well. The views at night from the Cayena bar or club house on the second floor was beautiful and we closed out many nights there. The food at each of the 3 restaurants as well as the buffet was very good. Did a snorkel excursion on site and had fun. By far the reef stop was a better time than the penned up HUGE sting ray and sharks at the second stop. The Staff at Cayena (they are so great Barbara and Melanie) oops Izzy as well鈥? got us a driver to take us to an orphanage in La Romana and one of the staff went along as well. The orphanage was heart warming and those kids are so well taken care of it really set up a great experience. Did some shopping and had lunch in la Romana. The wife did a shopping trip up the road and hated it鈥?High pressure cheapy cheapy. I stayed by the pool, beach and bar. Wife had a medical thing nothing to do with the trip and the Doctor and Medic staff was top notch.. prescription and all. No reef from shore to snorkel but took bread to feed many reef fish and some HUGE tangs snuck up on me. I went early before the water taxis chum up the water with seaweed and sand鈥?Begin week 2. Took air trip to Samana from Punta Cana via Takeoff Destination Services- AWESOME toured Samana 鈥?El Limon - Bacardi Island 鈥?a plantation. For less than $300 could not be beat.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shellbird
<Content>Loved it! Cayena is members only part of LTI Resort - SWEET!!       View from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised!!! We hastily booked Cayena Beach Club through a friend's timeshare and were worried based on some of the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of service that we recieved and the cleanliness of the rooms. Cayena Beach Club is a separate entity from LTI Resort, but shares the same amenities, except Cayena has the bigger rooms and the exclusivity of a member's only pool, bar and restaurant in case the bigger resort gets too crowded. We ended up spending most of our time at the members only Cayena Beach and found more personal service and more secluded atmosphere. Great for families. We took advantage of the of the free 1/2 hour katamaran ride, which turned out to be an hour (we didn't mind). Both resorts combined are not as big as some of the other resorts that we saw, but offer all of the same services and amenities. We actually liked the smaller and less crowded atmosphere: umbrellas and seating were always available, the pools were not crowded, and we didn't have to wait in lines.Key tips:1. Learn a little spanish. Most of the employees speak 3 or more languages, but if you want to socialize with other tourists, you will have problems.2. Take the 1/2 hour Katamaran ride.3. A dollar goes a long way, so tip a little. You will get the best service regardless, but it is alway nice to show a little gratitude back.4. Price things out at the resorts mini mart before you venture out to the beach shops so you know what things cost.5. Bring plenty of sunscreen. One bottle will cost you $14US.6. Like most resort in this area, timeshare sales reps are everywhere. Just tell them upfront that you are not interested, and they will leave you be.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it My husband and I spent our honeymoon at the LTI Beach Resort and Cayena Beach Club.We spent May 31st-June 3rd @ LTI and then moved over to Cayrna Beach Club June 3rd-10th 2006First let us say it was a beautiful resort. Not too big. Not too small with a great pool area, Clean rooms and excellent staff and service. The weather was very warm 91 and sunny every day we were there. It rained briefly 2 nights and we had a passing shower 1 morning. Tropical breezes all day and night, plenty of shaded huts both by the pool and on the beach. Our room in both locations was on the 3rd floor. A great view of the ocean but 34 fairly steep steps鈥?so if stairs are a problem for you, ask for a room on a lower floor.As Americans, we were in the minority, mostly Germans, Italians, French as well as Czech and Spanish Guests. It was fun and interesting to meet so many people from around the globe and not at all a problem for us. We were impressed by the staff鈥檚 ability to speak so many different languages! It was especially fun Friday when the world cup started... People painting their faces; wearing their countries jerseys and colors...not unlike our super bowl in the US. The resort turned the outdoor theater into a sports arena with a huge screen TV, a buffet and bar for all to enjoy the games if they wanted too... that was very cool!The Variety of food was wonderful in all the restaurants. El Cano, Cayena 鈥榮 restaurant had fantastic Beef Fillet and we had lunch there daily. The Croissants at breakfast were the best I have ever had鈥?ever, Just fantastic! Remember, this is not American food鈥?the taste is different, but excellent. If you are expecting McDonalds or Outback Steak house鈥?you will be disappointed. My one complaint is the coffee in all but El Cano was instant coffee鈥uk, I suggest if you are a coffee drinker like I am, bring a small 4 cup coffee maker from home and your own coffee for your room. Use the bottled water they provide. Also if you have a travel mug at home, pack it鈥?It would be handy, and to buy one there was $15.00. Food was available 24 hours a day鈥?br/>We read a lot of horror stories about stomach problems鈥?We drank only bottled water, even brushed our teeth with it. We ate no poultry, (I was paranoid about the Bird Flu) We did not suffer from any stomach problems. We saw the same people everyday, not once did we hear of that someone was ill.The animation staff who organizes the activities were FANTASTIC!! My husband who likes to play every sport in the world played Water Polo, Volleyball, Horseshoes, Bocce as well as crazy games on the beach and near the pool. They also offered Spanish lessons, which we did our first day, and was very helpful as well as fun! Salsa lessons, aerobics, water fitness, yoga, Pilates, darts, foosball, and ping pong鈥?something for everyone, including me鈥?who just liked hanging out at the pool and swimming! Nightly entertainment was fun, campy and low key. There is a free shuttle to the Tower Casino about 5 minutes from the resort. We bartered for our souvenirs at the beach huts which was fun, but if you prefer, visit the Caribbean Shop about 1/8th of a mile to the Right of Cayena Beach, on the beach, a great little shop with reasonable prices. I paid $10.00 for a T-shirt there. Some side notes鈥?We were charged $10.00 a piece when we went through customs as a 鈥渢ourist tax鈥?if your travel arrangements do not include transportation to the resort, the cost was $30.00. Tip your servers; they make about $6.00 a day鈥?The service is excellent, and the people are so nice鈥o remember to tip.The airport is hot, and unorganized, so get to the airport at least 3 hours before you are scheduled to leave.We really had a great time. We loved LTI and Cayena Beach Club and hope to return someday soon!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for some R   showReview(5069282, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend   showReview(5066064, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Trice19
<Content>Cayena was perfect!   showReview(4725677, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beaver-leaver
<Content>Cayena the only place we'll ever stay   showReview(4458122, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>susiesun
<Content>Cayena Beach Club   showReview(4457261, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jennaleigh
<Content>Cayena Beach Club..very nice but   showReview(4414885, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babykat1
<Content>Outstanding All-Over Quality       Windsurfing  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magique   showReview(3549128, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent Paradise   showReview(3514583, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunshineSunny
<Content>Entspannende traumhafte Tage im Paradies   showReview(21337408, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cosito
<Content>Me gust贸 mucho...   showReview(20085825, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HayaAlaia
<Content>En el Caribe como en casa!       Con mi ni帽a en Cayena  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarcelonaLove
<Content>es el paraiso   showReview(14740585, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Physio57
<Content>Traumurlaub in der Karibik       herrliche Sonnenunterg盲nge  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

