<Author>Jaypsea
<Content>Great Parisian hideaway Unless you're blessed with an exceptionally large wallet you shouldn't go to Paris and expect very large, modern and quiet hotel rooms in the 'right area'.The Royal Magda is no exception to this rule, however, it's very clean with pleasant atmosphere, but most importantly, it is a 5 minute walk from the Air France airport shuttle bus stop and even less from the Arc and Charles de Gaulle Etoile, the get you any where Metro and RER station at the top of the Champs Elysees.For the money you can't go wrong. Even breakfast at 鈧?2 per head is good value by Parisian standards and if you take your time and enjoy a long breakfast you'll last until you savour the delights of the latin quarter in the evening.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>EmmaWorcestershire
<Content>Wonderfully clean, charming and great location I stayed at this hotel in May 2008 after seeing good reviews on it on trip advisor. The hotel is in an excellent location - on one of the roads just off the Arc de Triomphe. When I look for hotels I mostly want a clean hotel, in a convenient area, with a nice room. This hotel most definately fitted all of that criteria. The bathrooms were extremely clean and modern. And the room was nicely furnished and quite nicely sized (for rooms in Paris.) I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends and if I return to Paris I would most definately stay here again. Perfect for a few nights!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shintybhoy
<Content>Lovely stay at the Royal Magda We stayed 3 nights at the Royal Magda in June and was more than happy with our choice. Checking in was quick, easy and very friendly. Our room was on the fist floor facing the front and was spotless with a great ensuite shower room. Had no problems at all with noise from within the hotel, the only night we were distrurbed was on the Friday with people on the street, could have happened anywhere. The location of the hotel is brilliant, close to the Metro and the bus back to the airport. All the major tourist attractions were within walking distance is you like a good walk like us, its a good way to get a feel of the city. Would definately recommend this hotel, we went to celebrate a 40th birthday and was a bit unsure due to the low star rating. Having read the TripAdvisor reports we took the chance and are very very happy that we did!Hard to believe you were not in a 5 * Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SenicGorge
<Content>Perfect Paris Hotel The Royal Magda Etoile Hotel was a perfect gem of a spot to stay for a trip to Paris. This was our first trip abroad and could not have had a better experience. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. We had a junior suite for a family of 3 and it was a bit smaller than anticipated but very comfortable. The location of the hotel is perfect due to its access to the Metro and RER line. We absolutely loved it and will stay there when we go back.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Capital06
<Content>More Than A 3 Stars Hotel       Room 416  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garethellis36
<Content>Magnifique My fianc茅e and I stayed 3 nights at the Royal Magda Etoile this past weekend, and it was one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had - possible *the* best.Upon arrival into the beautifully appointed lobby area, we were greeted by a charming and friendly receptionist. This theme continued throughout our stay, and the male receptionist who was on late at night was especially helpful - he helped us find a restaurant and then checked us in for our flight home on his computer. What service!Our room was small and cosy, but we were not in Paris to sit around in a hotel anyway, so it was ideal. The decor was modern, the room clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was a decent size, and was also very clean. The shower was worth particulate mention, as it was very powerful and the water was very hot.Breakfast was expensive at 鈧?2 for a simple buffet, so we didn't sample that - there are plenty of cafes and other places to get a bite nearby. The location in general is excellent, being just a short walk from the Charles de Gaulle-Etoile Metro  RER station, which is under the Arc de Triomphe. The hotel is down a quiet side street off Ave de Wagram, so there is little road noise and what little noise there is outside is kept out by the double-glazed windows.One local tip we would give is to try the bistro Le Hide (www.lehide.fr) just around the corner on Rue du General Lanrezac. We had 2 courses each and 50cl of vin blanc for 鈧?6, and it was one of the best meals we've had. Like the hotel, the bistro is something of a hidden gem.In summary, we would not hesitate to recommend this charming little hotel to anyone who is looking for a good base for a break in Paris. We are very happy customers!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>avs099
<Content>Very well located stayed there for 4 nights. Loved the location - very close to metro, 20 minutes walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, 30 minutes to the Louvre. Price was very reasonable comparing to other similar locations. Room... well, I'm not very picky, so I can not complain. Bathroom was perfect - renovated and shiny. Room was quite, however, sometimes you can hear noise from the hall - doors are not soundproof enough.Overall - great hotel, great stuff, great location. I liked it.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WanderingClown
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel, welcoming staff Booking a hotel in Paris for me, my daughter (8), my Father and his son (11) was almost overwhelming - we could have stayed at something more expensive but might have missed the charm of Paris. What we were looking for was something reasonably priced, but as we were only there from Friday to Monday was ideally located for the sights, open top tour bus stop, easy eats, and offered a straightforward way of getting to Disneyland Paris and Gare du Nord. This hotel ticked all the boxes. Just a hundred or so yards from an exit of Charles de Gaulles Etoile station this provided us with a minimum of fuss at the start and end of our days. (Buy a Paris Visite ticket before you go to give you full access to central Paris transport). Booking directly with the hotel via e-mail was so easy - immediate replies to questions and to the booking. When we arrived it was obvious why - there was always a member of staff around the reception desk ready to say hello or to wish you a nice day, or to answer any questions you might have. One thing stuck in my mind - a small thing perhaps, but underlined the care that the staff of this small hotel takes. All tables were busy for breakfast one morning, so we waited around the corner in the reception area. Every couple of minutes the receptionist popped round to check if a table had become free, until shortly they showed us to a free table. This attention really makes a difference - we felt welcome throughout our stay.The hotel is situated near the Champs Elysees and a couple of hundred yards away from the Arc de Triomphe. Walk 50 yards up the street and you can see the Arc and the Eiffel Tower sits in the distance. Open top bus tours (we went for L'Open Tour and weren't disappointed) stop within a few hundred yards. Disneyland Paris is 45 minutes away on the RER that runs directly from Charles de Gaulle Etoile station, so catch that 1 hour before park opening and you'll be knocking on the door of the park at just the right time. Be aware that you will need to ensure you have tickets for the right zones to get to Disney. We bought 1-3 Paris Visite tickets and separate tickets to get to Disney. (We used www.allofrance.co.uk for our tickets so that we didn't waste time when we got there).The rooms we stayed in were small but clean. I was particularly pleased with the bathroom. During our stay I didn't once find anything I could fault regarding the cleanliness. Breakfast, as already mentioned, was simple and at 鈧?2 a little expensive but spend a little time over your muesli and yoghurt, croissants, bread, cheese and meats, fruit and coffees while deciding on your plan for the day and it was wholly worthwhile. Across the side street was a sandwich shop that made sandwiches and salads to order, and McDonalds was 50 yards away from the hotel - one night we took it back to our room as we didn't have the energy to dine out. The Italian restaurant at the end of the road and across the street was very good, and because of the location there were many other eateries to choose from.All in all, I left with the satisfaction that I had managed to pick out a winning hotel from the many, many hotels on offer in Paris. Suffice to say that a similar trip in years to come will be much easier as I'll simply book again! And if friends want to visit Paris, I'll be confident in recommending this little gem.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Baldy72
<Content>What More Could You Ask For? My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days in October 2008 to celebrate our Golden Wedding and it was the best experience, hotel-wise, we have ever had. When we arrived we were upgraded to a suite as we were there for our honeymoon (couldn't afford one 50 years ago) and when we arrived in our suite the hotel management had put red roses and champagne there for us, at their own expense. The location of this hotel is second to none with a 2 minute (and I really do mean 2 minutes) walk to the Arc de Triomphe, metro station, shops, restaurants etc. Every member of staff we encountered during our stay was very helpful and went out of their way to help us. I couldn't recommend this establishment enough and, god willing, we will be back to visit Paris and wouldnt consider staying anywhere other than the Royal Magda. Absolutely superb.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaLima
<Content>A secret I would like to keep to myself       Suite 211 bath room (towels warmer-nice touch)  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joey315
<Content>Loved everything about Royal Magda!!       Dennis standing with Hotel Manager(sorry forgot his name) A lovely man!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lizerbeth
<Content>Impressed with the Magda We stayed at the Royal Magda for four nights in January 08, and were really very impressed with the standard of the accommodation for the price and location. Rooms were on the small side but spotlessly clean, comfortable and nicely presented. It was also very quiet bearing in mind how busy the area is. The staff were very helpful. We were on a room only basis so didn't try the breakfast which looked nice but expensive. We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>theneills
<Content>Wee gem! We've been to Paris several times and this hotel is a real discovery. It's in a perfect position, 3 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe, Metro/RER (Etoile) and the express bus from Charles de Gaulle Airport. It's also only a short walk from the Porte de Maillot where the bus from Beauvais Airport (Ryanair Wizz etc) gets in to Paris. The hotel is beautifully decorated, absolutely spotless and very quiet (open the windows to appreciate how good they are at sound-deadening). The price is extremely reasonable for the position: it isn't cheap compared to some hotels but the latter will be out of the centre and perhaps in what might appear to be an unsafe area. All things considered, the Magda Etoile is a real bargain. But we've left the best until last: the staff are wonderfully friendly and helpful. We had no problems with anything therefore had relatively few dealings with them, but they were always extremely friendly and welcoming. Breakfast isn't included in the room price but serves the best cup of tea in Paris (and believe us we've had some horrors in other hotels). Criticisms? The lift is small and the rooms are smaller than USA size, but you need to remember that you're in a renovated old building in the centre of Paris so rooms can't be enormous if they are to have an en-suite. They are perfectly adequate and the beds are large and comfortable. The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is good as well.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DanielDP
<Content>Friendly staff, convenient location near Arc de Triomphe It was a no-problem stay at the Magda Etoile. The room is not huge but I didn't mind it. The staff is especially helpful and friendly. One big drawback is that the walls are very thin, so you can basically hear everything from within the hotel and corridor.The road the hotel is in looks very quiet so at least there is no road traffic you can hear. Conveniently located 5 minutes walk from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station, it was one of the best priced hotels still being within reasonable distance from central Paris.There's a closeby shuttle bus service to reach Orly and Charles de Gaulle airports (14 euro one way), stopping in fron of the Arc de Triomphe.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Anniversary_Tour
<Content>PERFECT! Stayed at the Royal Magda Etoile in late September 2008 with my husband and 4 y.o. daughter. Everything was absolutely perfect, and I could not speak more highly of this charming hotel with the friendly staff who went out of their way to help us when our stroller was lost en route .. by finding us another one so that we were not hotel bound when we had a fairly exhaustive tour of Paris mapped out and really needed the wheels to be able to do it. They assisted with trains and timetables and were just so lovely. We were absolutely delighted with the lovely room, spacious, clean and quiet. Absolutely the best!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdbeckers
<Content>A Little Gem in Paris       Fresh and Clean Bathroom with Shower  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PBPHX
<Content>Would love to return When we were planning our trip to Paris this past summer we had no idea of where to stay. Our daughter suggested we look at TripAdvisor which we did. The reviews helped us choose the Royal Magda Etoile. We were very pleased with our choice and had a wonderful stay there. The location (near the Arc de triomphe) was very convenient and the neighborhood was great for walking around. Our room was small but clean and the friendly employees went out of their way to assist us. We would love to go back.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susanmarieelizabeth
<Content>lovely with great location wonderful location, felt safe with my teenage daughter, quiet, clean, comfortable bed. Lili at front desk was wonderful as were all the gentlemen at the desk. lots of little places to eat near.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>bos2677
<Content>Grfeat Location and Hotel Great location only steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the metro. Being 3 people we took the junior suite which was a large room with a queen bed and a full size sofa sleeper. The bathroom was large and unique, with the commode in a separate small room which was convenient. The room was very clean and made up every day. They also had real plush terry towels in the bath which we liked. They provided free wired high-speed internet access in the room which worked great. The breakfast was not included and was 12 Euros per person but if you go outside you will not find a better breakfast cheaper. I commend the hotel on their honesty. We went out one day and accidentally left the in-room-safe unlocked. When we returned we had a note of the new code programmed by the staff and everything was in order. The front desk was very helpful with recommendations of eating places and ways to get where we wanted to go. I can easily recommend this hotel to my friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nigelbwilts
<Content>A great small hotel Spent 3 nights in this excellent small hotel. Located an easy 3 minute walk from Arc de Triomphe. The room  bathroom were on the small side but adequate. The staff were very helpful and polite with good knowledge of the locality  Paris in general. As we could not find a Post Office to buy stamps I left them with money for stamps  our postcards which they very kindly posted for us. The breakfasts in the room although not cheap were very good. Standard of decor  cleanliness second to none. We would stay again without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mdnm8183
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at this hotel at the beginning of our trip and since we were flying out of Paris again decided to rebook when we returned we loved it so much. The location of the hotel is wonderful just near the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. That being said the hotel itself is in a quite street that does not have a lot of traffic that could cause noise. The staff were lovely and were always very helpful. We arrived and upgraded both times, so the room we had was on the 5th floor and amazing. There was so much space, very clean and well planned out. We thought the hotel was just wonderful and were very happy to go back!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Peg70
<Content>Paris's Single Greatest Attraction! An absolute delight! We were in Paris for a week with our three teenaged children at the end of a three-week European trip. This small boutique hotel manages to offer all the important services and amenities of its much better-known and much more expensive competition. The rooms are clean, well-appointed with mini-bars, room safes, bathroom goodies and comfortable beds. This hotel really outdoes itself when it comes to its front-desk staff. Each of the five desk staff we met were unfailingly cheerful, polite, enormously helpful and attentive. One truly gets the impression they enjoy what they do and take great pride in making each and every guest as happy and comfortable as possible: A rare attitude these days, even at four times the price of this exceptional little find. A special mention must be made of Yohan. Pulling 12 hr. day shifts on the front desk, he saved our holiday from certain disaster as we had misplaced/left behind critical medication for one of our children. Because it is a drug that is very tightly controlled in Italy and France, we were told that it was entirely impossible to procure (even with a faxed prescription from our Canadian doctor). As we were considering a very early end to our holiday, Yohan took it upon himself to spend 3 hrs. one afternoon turning the citys' medical community inside out. The result was the impossible: Yohan had arranged for a psychiatrist to visit us at the hotel and write a French prescription for our daughter. Additionally, when the evening desk manager arrived, we found he had been fully briefed on our situation and was awaiting the psychiatrist's arrival. Find me a Four Season's staff or anyone at the George V who would go that far above and beyond and I'll pay for your next stay! This lovely, accommodating, ideally located, quiet and pretty hotel has this family's undying loyalty and admiration. You simply cannot go wrong.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imrobyn
<Content>Magnificent I always use trip advisor now due to the honesty and different points of view, and this hotel is an example of how this has worked for me. The details that others gave about the location were not exaggerated. It was located close to major attractions, the metro, taxi stops and the red bus tour stop. There were also many places to eat and shop close by. The best part of this hotel, however, was the customer service. The front desk personnel just couldn鈥檛 be friendlier or more helpful. They made us feel welcome and when we ran in from the rain they were always there to hand us our room key with a warm greeting and ask about our day. (I normally don鈥檛 mind if the desk people are super friendly or not, but in a foreign country it always feels good to have someone greet you warmly in any language.) The hotel was old-fashioned, but extremely well maintained with modern necessities. Every need we had was met. Something important to me, which was a nice surprise, was the fact that the bedroom had a door separating it from the front room (which had a comfy fold out queen bed). I was able to relax and watch CNN while my teenagers relaxed and watched what they wanted in their room as we unwound after a day of sight-seeing. The bathroom was also extremely upgraded and large. The breakfast was typical continental fare (yummy variety of cheeses and baguettes), which they gave the option to have as room service if we wanted. I would stay here because of the hotel alone, but the customer service was a bonus, and it helped to make our stay even more memorable.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MiniMimi
<Content>Excellent hotel! Excellent hotel with a great location in Paris!2 min walk to Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees and the metro which will take you anywhere in the city. Helpful and friendly staff. Small, but very nice decorated rooms. 12 euro optional breakfast didn't have the widest selection, but it was all fresh and more than enough to give you a good start on the day. A good value hotel and highly recommendable!If you get tired of entrecote, fries and rude french waiters - the Cesar restaurant in Wagram Av. is a great choice. They served great italian food for reasonable prices with a smile :)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kimd186
<Content>Super hotel in great location A friend recommended that I use Trip Advisor to search online for hotels and I'm so glad I did.My original booking for a Paris hotel showed a dismal rating so when this gem of a hotel showed up I booked it straight away.The hotel was so clean,comfortable and quiet and I would definitely stay there again if I visit Paris in the future.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Neanne
<Content>What a find! Nice little hotel. Not fancy, but neat, clean and very well located, with a pleasant English-speaking staff, located about 2 1/2 blocks from the Avenue de Wagram exit at L鈥橢toile. Well located for Metro access. There is a lift, room safe, comfortable beds, telephones, mini bar and TV (though actually we had two TV鈥檚 since we鈥檇 opted for a junior suite which offered an extremely comfortable sofa bed in a separate room.) A bit plain wrap with regard to d茅cor, also not terribly generous with regard to drawer or wardrobe space this is nonetheless a pleasant, quiet and very comfortable headquarters for touring this fair city. Though a daily buffet breakfast is offered for an additional 12 euros per person, there is a good bakery about a block and a half from the hotel and a market as well, so you can enjoy a freshly baked croissant, juice and yogurt for a fraction of the cost. Taxi to Charles DeGaulle was less than 40 euros; hotel is easily accessed via metro from Montparnasse Station via Line 6 in the direction of Charles deGaulle-Etoile, exit 4 (Ave Wagram ) or by taxi we鈥檙e told it鈥檚 about 15 euros.Next time we're in Paris, I know where we'll stay!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>susanbsusie
<Content>Love this hotel       love this carpet  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chucklers
<Content>Perfect Location!!! I had previously booked the Magda for my Mother  Father's 40th anniversary the year before. Their stay was a joy! I had also recommended it to a work colleague who stayed there in July 07 and had a great time. Therefore it wasn't difficult to work out where the Chucklers were staying on their Paris trip!!!We got the bus from the airport which dropped off at the 'Arc' - a few minutes walk and we were at the hotel. A very pleasant check in and we were in our room, which was right beside reception on the ground floor.Plenty of space and well decorated - we didn't hear a peep from outside!We chose to eat breakfast out every morning so cannot offer any comment on it. The staff at reception were extremely pleasant and helpful throughout our stay.Soukri was an absolute star - he looked after us big time throughout our stay - a total gentleman!There are plenty of places to eat nearby - the Chinese restaurant across the street was excellent!Paris has so much to offer and the metro is so close to the hotel!!Use it!All in all, a great stay - would thoroughly recommend!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lynsayk
<Content>Couldn't Ask For More I took my daughters to Paris and we were lucky enough to stay at the Royal Magda Hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff were very pleasant and helpful. We couldn't have asked for more. They organised a birthday cake (at my request) and decorated our room with balloons as a surprise for my daughters 16th birthday.. Our room was spotless. It was an adequate size for us. This hotel is a 2 minute walk, and I really do mean a 2 minute walk, from the Arc de Triomphe and is ideally situated for restaurants and other amenities. My only regret is that we only had 2 days in Paris and it's not long enough to spend in this magnificent city!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Supratik
<Content>Excellent value for money I always pay more attention to comments from fellow travellers rather than the guide books and I am glad to say that this time also I did not regret my decision. Direct booking was easy, e-mails answered promptly. Stayed in room 311, an apartment suite with two adjoining rooms (one with a sofabed) with plenty of room for my daughters (8  3 years) to jump around. Separate TV for them as well !! Rooms smallish by North American standard but excellent by Paris standard !! Furnishing simple but adequate. Bed very comfortable. Nice spacious bathroom with good water pressure. No tea/coffee in room but they provided us with a kettle. Minibar expensive as usual. We kept milk in the fridge for our children and no one objected.Location is superb. It took us 20 minutes and 13 euros by taxi from Gare-du-Nord, travelling on a Saturday afternoon. CDG Etoile is 5 minutes walk. 47 minutes to Disneyland by RER. Jardin d'Acclimatation was just 20 minutes walk and we had much more fun there compared to the sugar coated commercialism of Disneyland. Strongly recommended if you have young children.Breakfast slightly pricey and we ate for first two days only. Plenty of eateries within easy reach including McDonald, Quick and Hippopotamus . There is a branch of Monoprix supermarket very close for grocery and other stuff. All the staff were very friendly with special thanks to Aurelle and Yohann.My only gripe is that soundproofing is less than satisfactory and on the first night my sleep was badly affected by 2 little girls running in the corridoor between 2 rooms. This restarted again next night around midnight and this time I had to speak to their guardians politely but firmly and thankfully it stopped. The familes moved away subsequently and I had reasonably peaceful nights afterwards although we could hear our upstairs neighbours from time to time. On the whole a very satisfying experience and I won't hesitate to recommend this hotel for families.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dianadMontreal
<Content>Good enough to be happy in Paris Very clean, quiet, well located hotel to stay in Paris.The staff was very professional.We would go back there any time.Our best regards to all in Royal Magda Etoile HotelDiana and Jerzy from Montreal  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Chasda
<Content>Great location and great value for money This great little hotel was just what we needed for a weekend sightseeing. Fantastic location, less than 5 minutes from nearest Metro. Price cheaper than expected for a capital city whose currency is the Euro. Staff friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay there again and would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>td1208
<Content>Excellent location. Enjoyed our stay at Royal Magda Etoile Hotel. My wife and I chose this hotel for our Paris vacation, based on tripadvisor reviews. We were very pleased with our 6-night stay at Royal Magda Etoile Hotel during the last week of June.Sidebar: We took the Air France bus shuttle from Charles de Gaulle Airport to Arc de Triomphe. Extremely rough baggage handling by Air France shuttle bus staff, resulted in the zipper of our suitcase being badly damaged, despite the suitcase being in perfect condition after overnight travel from Toronto, Canada, to Paris, with stopovers in Montreal, Munich and Rome, on various airlines. This damage rendered the suitcase not being able to be properly closed, as the slider was completely removed from the teeth of zipper. While this may not seem like the end of the world to readers, this was not a good start to our trip, given that we were traveling elsewhere in Europe, the week following.The hotel is a very short walk from Air France bus shuttle stop. We were greeted at reception desk by Yohan, who was very helpful. Upon learning about our misfortune, he summoned help to repair the zipper on our suitcase. Sassy (hotel maintenance) immediately repaired the zipper, in the area right beside the lobby. One would never have known that it was ever broken. When offered a small token of our appreciation, Sassy very graciously declined, saying it was his pleasure to help. The hotel鈥檚 owner, Mr. Destouches, happened to be in the lobby at the time, so we made sure that Sassy鈥檚 service was duly recognized. Upon our insistence, Sassy very reluctantly accepted our envelope. As well, I had brought my laptop on our trip. Without hesitation, Yohan offered to lend an Internet cable and voltage converter for our entire stay. From the time of our arrival at the hotel, to after check-in, the staff at this hotel, turned our unfortunate start (though not related to the hotel whatsoever), into a positive. For this, we were thankful. Other staff (Juliet, head housekeeper) was helpful. Soukri, at reception in evening, always welcomed us with a warm smile and conversation at the end of our busy day.The location of this hotel is ideal. Everything is within a very short walking distance - Metro station, from which one can travel virtually everywhere in Paris; Arc de Triomphe; restaurants; caf茅s; retail, convenience and grocery stores; and coin laundry (thanks for the local map and directions, Yohan).Our room was small (which we knew beforehand from reading reviews), but a great value. It was tastefully decorated and modern, in very good condition, very clean, and air conditioning worked. Our bed was comfortable. The desk allowed for use of our laptop, and free in-room Internet connection worked perfectly. We bought an international phone card externally, and used the in room phone, which worked well to make calls to Canada. We made good use of in-room safe, as well.Overall, we would recommend this hotel to those traveling to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerLondonON
<Content>Just as we expected Our family of 6 (2 grandparents, 2 adults, 2 children) stayed here in early July for 5 nights. We had 2 rooms. One was a club room for 2, and the second room was a Suite for 4, which had a separate bedroom and a livingroom with a pull out sofa. The suite had less streat noise. I believe that all the suites face the rear courtyard which is quiter.The hotel and rooms were very clean and nicely renovated. The bathrooms were very nice. There is a small elevator to bring up the suitcases when checking in or checking out. Otherwise we used the stairs. As is common to most Paris hotels in this category, the walls are thin. We expected this and came prepared with earplugs. Without earplugs, we were able to hear people talking in other rooms and doors opening and closing in the hallways late into the night. With earplugs it was no problem at all. We definitely recommend bringing earplugs.The front desk staff were all very helpful and pleasant. They all spoke excellent english, and did not seem to mind speaking english instead of french. Lily was especially nice to us, and made us feel very welcome. She gave us good information regarding which restaurants in the area were good with children, and the location of grocery stores. She provided us with a kettle, cups, plates, and some utensils, so we were able to make instant coffee and tea in the rooms, and prepare snacks for the kids. They allowed us to use the fridge to hold our own drinks and food, rather than using it as a minibar. This made the hotel much more functional for us. We were able to bring in breakfast and save a lot of money. Instead we spent money on eating out for dinner.The location of the hotel was very good. It was a very close walk to Arc de Triomphe and the Charles de Gaulle Etoile Metro Station (Wagram exit). It was also a very short walk to the Air France shuttle stop on Ave Carnot, which took us to CDG Airport at the end of our stay. You can take this shuttle irrespective of what airline you are flying with.The streets in the area seem pretty safe, although it is important to use common sense. We did see some homeless people on Ave de Wagram, as well as youth hanging out into the night. Pickpockets are present in most tourist areas, so consider using a money belt and avoid taking out your wallet on streets and metro.Overall, we were quite pleased with this hotel for our vacation in Paris.Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moebill
<Content>Great location! Excellent Value! We stayed at this hotel in May of 2008 for 3 nights. It is an excellent location to metro, RER, and Air France bus stop from and to the airport. The staff were friendly and very accommodating. Good quality and value in rooms and very clean. We would definitely recommended this hotel and would stay here on a future visit to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travel4free
<Content>A Royal visit! I recently stayed here with my family in one of their suites. Loved it! Great location- steps from the Arc de Triumph and metro, great service, nice size rooms, plus the air conditioned worked. 'Kais 'the night porter reconfirmed my airport shuttle and recommended some great restuarants. Our room was ready at 10 am. The service was amazing. 4 star service in a 3 star property.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rosstucker
<Content>honest value in Paris This is a very good hotel -- for Paris. A visitor to Paris must accept certain things for a three-star hotel such as this: the room will be small, the walls will be thin, and the guest will feel as if he is only one of many visitors moving through the hotel day by day. But this little hotel offers the extras one would want: a convenient location two streets up from the Arc de Triomphe, an ample breakfast, and -- most importantly -- a staff who seem to care for the wellbeing of the guest. The front desk is cheerful and helpful, and even the cleaning staff help with luggage and special requests. And -- there is air conditioning! The only real complaint one could have is -- and it's not the hotel's fault -- that the street -- a side street that is not all that busy --is noisy: there seem to be a lot of young undesirables hanging around the clubs and restaurants on the street. (However, the hotel's windows close tightly, and 80% of the noise is shut out.)  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>speed99
<Content>Nice quiet location in the heart of Paris Got it on Tripadvisor. We opted for the larger room and it was worth it. We were in Paris in January. Great location. Clean rooms and bathroom. Our room had a good size room for Paris standards.We took the 鈧?2 breakfast. It was adequate and you could take as long as you liked and browse the english language newspapers. I rate it a superior type of BB rather than a hotel. Good restaurants nearby and the metro station is about 100 metres away. But it it very quiet, which is great when you need to sleep.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>gtpatton
<Content>Pretty Good, We were Happy. Our family of four; with one 15 year old daughter and one 11 year old daughter stayed for two nights. Of course rooms were small [Paris, city typical]. We had suite #411, 4th floor which consisted of two rooms and bathroom. The first living room was small and when couch folded out to bed it took up whole room, and bathroom was directly off this room, so noise could be heard from bathroom to people sleeping here. Also, hotel has hard wired LAN connection in room and wireless in lobby. So I could not get up early to surf internet/ do work as small desk where LAN was located was on side of daughters bed. Had to go to lobby. Breakfast was 12 euros extra, but McDonalds 50 meters away... but McDonalds does not open until 7:30 AM which is really 7:45 AM as workers move slowly here. To sum up room, although not spacious, it was clean and modern. The bathroom was modern. This is what we really wanted and we got- clean and modern. Yes the elevator only fits one person, so use the stairs. The biggest bonus is location! We were very happy with location. When I booked, I thought I would have to take my family to Latin quarter to show off cafe's, patisseries, and French street character... but no, the neighborhoods around Magda are great. One block from Arc-de-Triumph and can catch Metro anywhere from here. But one block in the other direction are trendy streets with cafe's and shops. My 15 year old was in and out of all, looking for a certain type of gladiator sandal that she saw all the girls wearing.For two nights, avoiding the big brand name hotels, this boutique hotel was just fine. Again, clean and modernized which we think are most important.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nevaway
<Content>Not as I had hoped for. After reading all the review of this hotel on Trip Advisor we decided to book. There were 9 of us in all. I was expecing more that we got. The hotel staff was pleasant and tried to be helpful. My room was on the 6th floor, and the bed was against the wall. My husband kept hitting his head getting in and out of bed. The room was also very hot. I ask if we could move, and the hotel did move us to the 1st floor. What a mistake. The last night we were there, a disco next door was playing music so loud I felt like I was sleeping in the middle of the club. Needless to say, I did not sleep at all. Having to get up and leave very early in the morning to catch a train to Bordeaux left me totally exhausted. They should not use that room!! It was a nightmare!! I left my camera in the room. I tried to contact the hotel to see if they found it, but have heard nothing back. I would call this a mediocre hotel at the most. I would not go back.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>judybo
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from a weekend at this excellent hotel. The room was exceptionally clean and had everything that you could have wanted.Plenty of choice at the Buffet Breakfast and all the staff were very friendly. The hotel is in an ideal location, being only a minutes walk from Charles De Gaulle Etoile station. Would highly recommend this hotel, and will definately return.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ClareVancouver
<Content>Good Location The first thing we noticed was the great location of this hotel. As mentioned in the other reviews, only a couple of minutes from the Arc De Triumphe. It is also a very short walk to the Metro which, in my opinion, is the fastest and most convenient way to get around Paris. The hotel itself is very tastefully decorated. As previously mentioned by other reviewers, the lift is tiny and a bit claustrophobic so only one person at once with the cases. I don't usually like to mention size of rooms, but this room was particularly small. Literally, just little big bigger than the bed and not much room for our two cases. As we were on the fifth floor, we had also had a balcony. The room and bathroom were very tasteful and clean. We also found the staff on reception to be very friendly and helpful with any requests we had. The breakfast was good if you go down to the foyer level to eat (it is buffet style). On one of the mornings, we ordered breakfast to the room and got a very small amount for the 12 Euros (same price as buffet). I would highy recommend this hotel for couples going to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>donckd
<Content>Paris with Henry everything was  Excellentservice, staff, clean room. brought our 8 month old and the staff was very helpfull with a crib and all our needs were taken care of.they should be a 4 star hotel, that's how good they are.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathrynat
<Content>Wonderful:) My husband and extended family (12 ppl - 5 rooms total) stayed at the Royal Magda May 27-29th. We had 3 different types of rooms. The one that my husband and one of our 3 children (and the one that my mother and our other 2 children) stayed in was a really nice size room. I think it was a Jr. Suite. We didn't have a balcony but that was ok, the windows still opened up and was really french:) The hotel is super clean. The staff was lovely:) I have to say I was getting worried because for some reason the ratings on here began to slip as we got closer to the date of our stay. I can't imagine anyone having a bad stay. It was in such a great location, the staff was wonderful and the room we stayed in was spacious and sooooo clean:) One of the nights we ate dinner at Chez Clement. Very very good place to eat and it wasn't far from our hotel at all. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel. My husband went out on the mornings and got croissants and coffee for us at Paul's. Mmmmmmmm!!!! Yum:)Would definitely stay there again. We loved Paris. We were sad that our stay wasn't longer.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TommyJoan
<Content>Royal Magda is Excellent       High Quality Bathroom for a Small Hotel  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>j32063
<Content>Small but good I spent a week at the Royal Magda from May 8th-14th and was satisfied with my experience. As other reviews here state, it is a clean, modern, well-run place with cheerful, helpful staff. The location is good, with the Air France shuttles and Metro right around the corner, as well as several cafes nearby. The hotel is a good choice as long as you understand that in Paris, price tends to be determined by size. Your first clue to the dimensions of your room should be the elevator, which is big enough for one person plus a suitcase OR 2 people. There were 2 of us in our room...a standard double with shower...and we had to do some serious organizing of our things in order to have floor space to walk. Everything in the room is fine; the bed was decent, the bathroom was tiny but modern and clean, and there was a flat-screen TV and even a mini-bar. However, for most Americans, the size of the room is about what you would expect from a walk-in closet, so if you are a large person you may be in for some severe claustrophobia.I would consider staying here again, although it might be more interesting to try something else within the price range. I have been able to afford better in the past, but frankly for about twice the price I only got about 25% more space and comfort.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Jbrito
<Content>I Loved the Hotel . Excellent !!!! Jayme - MonacoLovely Hotel , good location, excellent rooms and service. Very clean, good rooms and bathrooms. Very good taste on the decoration of rooms and lobby. Personell very friendly and helpfull. Great breakfast.A must in Paris if you an excellent hotel , with good location , good rooms, service with a good price.Jayme  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>usainuk023
<Content>credit card # STOLEN from room safe!       view from room  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cmelBelfast
<Content>Quaint and tidy Stayed here in the summer of 2007 with my girlfriend. Although, i'm mostly confirming what everyone else says in their reviews I thought i would add my comments.The location is excellent and although i'd read the reviews I was still pleasantly surprised at just how close it is to the L'Arc De Triomphe. It literally is 2 minutes walk, and thats if you take your time.The staff mostly stayed out of our way and although you could say they werent terribly helpful, when approached for advice or service they were actually very pleasant, and as with most parts of Paris, all I spoke to had very good English.Our room was nicely decorated and because it was on the top floor it was an odd shape with ceilings etc but still a nice size and very tidy. Take note that the location of the hotel means there are essentially no views of the city as its surrounded by buildings the same size.I give it a solid 4star review as its reasonable price and excellent location mean its brilliant for short stays like our city break.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>emceeManchester
<Content>Sounds not too good...... As always I did my homework  read lots of reviews on TripAdvisor before I booked. To be fair I was not too disappointed. The location is great. The staff always polite  very helpful. The room clean  bathroom well appointed. However I was let down by two points. Firstly the air conditioning for the overall hotel was not switched on. The room was stuffy  a little uncomfortable at night. The manager was most apologetic  offered compensation. It was eventually working by the third ( last night). If this is an issue for you, before you book check with the hotel that the air conditioning is fully operational. The second point is more concerning. I was travelling with my two children (aged 14  8 years)  we were therefore in bed by 10.30pm. However most other residents were getting ready to go out at that time  were returning to the hotel between midnight  3am. I know because I could hear every last noise they made. The hotel does not appear to have considered sound insulation whilst refurbishing the property. Consequently you hear every door being slammed shut  double-locked, footsteps above you sound like a herd of elephants and- believe me- you can hear just about everything when an adjacent bathroom is being used....... I mean everything!!! Had I been travelling with a partner and staying up late then perhaps this would not have been so off-putting. But considering the biggest part of your stay in a hotel is sleeping, then perhaps this requires some attention by the management. If you're a heavy sleeper or such noises don't bother you then this truly is a fantastic base from which to explore Paris.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1stCEB
<Content>Great Hotel, but Beware the French ;-) My wife and I visited this hotel during a recent weekend. The previous reviews are accurate = good service  great location (to Metro, Air France Shuttle, Champ Elysees). We arrived early and had to leave our bags, while we explored the area. When we came back they had already placed our bags into our room (nice touch). The elavator is SUPER tiny, so get ready to make several trips. We would recommend a Suite, as the rooms are very tiny. With the Junior Suite we were able to fit our bags, no problem. Room was somewhat clean - some dirt near door, which was odd - but the bathroom was very clean. Our phone was a Pulse phone, versus a Tone, so had to use my cell phone for checking voice-mails, etc....Front desk receptionists were very helpful and polite. No need to rent a car, the Metro will get you everywhere, BUT beware of people trying to squeeze behind you when you pass through the Metro gates (turnstiles). My wife and I got a serious scare when a guy tried to force his way through, almost glued to my wife, with her ticket. He then cursed my wife and spit on the ground in front of us, when we confronted him! As if we were doing something wrong! Furthermore, beware the taxi drivers - they try to charge you 1 Euro per Suitcase - even though this isn't written anywhere. You really don't need a taxi with the Metro being so convenient. We REFUSED to use a taxi after this woman taxi driver tried to rip us off, stating that this is Paris and this is the way it is! I guess the taxi meters don't mean anything then. So, bottom-line, great hotel and location, but beware the locals as they try to take advantage of you. Keep your guard up please!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Vraiebrune
<Content>Perfect 3 stars hotel - Arc de Triomphe       full minibar.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abrito
<Content>Loved everything about the hotel from the reception, to the check out The best 24hs I have spent in Paris, mainly inside a hotel room. Staff at reception is warm, smiley, effective, pleasant, smart.Rooms were clean and comfortable, everything cozy. Bathroom worked all well, nice shower.Breakfast was delicious with good baguette and wonderful croissants.Check out was simple and also warm.Will be coming back soon!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carmelDublin
<Content>a little gem in the heart of Paris We have just returned from a four night stay in the Royal Magda Hotel in Paris. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and the hotel made our stay even more special. The charm, friendliness and efficiency of the staff was second to none and nothing was too much trouble. We were upgraded to a suite on arrival and the rooms were more than adequate. The location of the hotel was super with the Arc de Triomphe, Metro station and Champ all within minutes. We will certainly return to the Royal Magda when we go back to Paris and will recommend it to any friends travelling there.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WineLover77
<Content>Excelent Choice! Loved the hotel. Used to stay at Ecole Centrale, in Marais area. Same price range. Magda is more comfortable, better located and with better service (the people at the reception are very correct, almost nice.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>fatcontroller1999
<Content>great front of house, boutique at 3 star prices we chose this hotel based on tripadvisor revues and were not disappointed. the lasting memory will be the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. the woman on front desk was exceptional. we were traveling with our two young girls (3 + 6) and stayed in one of the deluxe suites, which was small but ok for paris at this price. the second bed folded away to a sofa, which was handy for watching cartoon network before bed (they should rename it the tom and jerry channel!) the sofa bed was narrower than the main bed but very comfortable.location was just round the corner from the arc de triomphe, handy for the metro and the eiffel tower but a bit away from the centre. several kid friendly decent restaurants were within easy walking distance. free wifi in the lounge area but not in the bedrooms.would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it for young families. top tip - if you can't make berthillon ice cream on ille de cite there is a chocolatier on the champs elysee (102) that sells it too (15 mins walk from the hotel). expensive, but without a doubt the best vanilla icecream you will ever taste, let alone the mango, strawberry, mandarine, chocolate... need i continue?!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Lorse
<Content>Nice but Rock Hard Beds!! The hotel is in a great location (2 mins walk from arc de triomphe) and it is very clean. Staff were very helpful and the breakfast was good.Overall we enjoyed our stay here. The only bad thing was that the bed was very uncomfortable. Other people might like a bed that resembles sleeping on the floor (it was rock hard) but its not for me!Watch out for the smallest lift in the world aswell!!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tyr_fan
<Content>absolutely perfect we stayed here over the easter weekend and had a very relaxing break. The staff are so helpful very friendly and always willing to make your stay there enjoyable. Our rooms were small as expected but really very cosy warm and oh so clean. All the reviews really tell the truth, You could not ask for better. Situated yards from the Arch, the metro, and some really good resturants.We had children with us and the receptionist even gave us the directions to the bowling alley. We intend to go back soon and I WOULD DEFINATELY GO BACK THERE  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>nadiasmyth
<Content>Fantastic hotel! We stayed in this hotel over the Easter week-end and let me just tell you what a fantastic time we had. We flew from Shannon to Paris Beauvais airport, shuttle bus dropped us at the Port Maillot, which is only 2 stops away by Metro from the hotel, but we decided to have a little walk and less than 10 min later we were in the welcoming lobby of the Royal Magda Etoile. Check in was so quick and efficient that in no time we were going up in the tiny elevator to our room on the 6th floor. As mentioned before 鈥?rooms are small but have everything you need, bed is extremely comfortable and bathroom is full size with a bathtub with a very good water pressure in the shower. Our room no 611 had a lot of windows which made our room feel very bright even on the dull, rainy day (yes, the weather was very bad all week-end). We didn鈥檛 have breakfast in the hotel, but it smelled lovely every morning in the lobby. Location of the hotel is fantastic; you are 2 min walk from the Arc de Triomph, Champs Elysee and metro station. You are only few minutes away from great selection of restaurant, bars, shops and etc. And this good location means a lot, especially if the weather is so bad and rain is just pouring non-stop, we could run to restaurants, metro and even La Duree (for some macaroons) without getting soaked wet :) Check out was as quick as check in and took less than 5 min, giving us time for a cup of coffee before our bus trip to Beauvais airport. Despite the bad weather we had an amazing week-end in Paris and we would like to thank all the fantasticl staff for making our stay so pleasant. For the price you pay for this hotel I would rate Royal Magda Etoile as a hidden gem of Paris.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saharaomeara
<Content>Fantastic Having read all the glorious reviews on trip advisor, I can now confirm that the Royal Magda Etoile lives up to its reputation. The location was wonderful - right beside the Metro line and only a stone's throw from the Arc de triomphe and the Champs-Elys茅es. That was especially good as we used to take a stroll down the Champs-Elys茅es after our dinner and browse in some of the shops (that opened till all hours) or go for dessert to Laduree. Instead of using the mini bar facillities, we went to monoprix on Avenue des Ternes and stocked up on water and Champagne (well, we were in Paris). Whilst on Avenue des Terres I found a wonderful street which was down the side of the Naf Naf shop. The street was full of the most amazing produce and speciality food shops and is definitely worth a visit - just to pick up a non touristy flavour of Paris. We were thrilled with our room, which was on the 5th floor and had a little balcony and whilst the rooms are small, they are perfectly formed. The place was spotless and the staff were very helpful and I can't wrap up my review without mentioning the marvellous leopard print carpet on the stairs and landing.......... just an added bonus when staying in my favourite hotel in paris.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>HoustonRichie
<Content>Couldn't have been better My wife and two teenaged daughters just got back from a week stay in Paris at the Royal Magda Etoile Hotel. Everything from the staff (front desk, breakfast room, maids), to the rooms (clean, modern), to the location (literally 2 min. walk to the Arc d'Triomphe) was great. Flor and the other two girls at the front desk were extremely helpful in making suggestions/reservations for dinner. For the price, one just cannot go wrong by staying at this beautiful little hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>r4reilly
<Content>Boutique hotel - right in the centre of Paris Spotlessly clean, perfect location, great staff - ideal location for airport shuttle bus - definately stay again. No negatives  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RFM70
<Content>Would stay here again This was my first trip to Paris and I couldn't have picked a better place to stay. My daughter and I had a wonderful experience. The hotel is clean, the staff is efficient and very pleasant. The location is ideal, especially when you could walk to Arc de Triomphe within 2 minutes. The metro is also right there as is avenue Champs-Elysees. It is absolutely wonderful, I would stay there again!!!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>STN74
<Content>Good value hotel - some street noise The hotel has a very pleasant staff.Breakfast 鈧?12 p.p is a little pricy and not very well stocked.Rooms aren't to small.All rooms have seen recent redecorating and the standard rooms do have the same decor as shown on the hotel website photos.There is relatively little traffic noise although the hotel is situated just a short stroll from the Wagram avenue and the Arch de Triomph.As there is a couple of bars and a night club in the right next to the hotel, you will experience some noise during the night, especially friday through monday nights.Plenty of restaurants in the neighboorhood.Short walk to metro stop: Charles de Gaulle EtoileThe Yellow metro line will take you directly to the city centre in minutes. The metro stop is also trafficated by the RER A-line witch connects to the RER B-line at Chatelet Les Halles, which takes you to either Charles de Gaulle or Orly airports. Fare: approx 鈧?16 p.p.Otherwise taxi takes about 20 minutes from Orly and costs approx. 鈧?0. Traffic depending.Rooms have no air-conditioning, and I suppose that you will most likely miss this during mid-summer.(Another tip: if you go to Paris during early spring be sure to bring warm clothing)  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jirkac
<Content>Excellent Just two words: absolutely excellent.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Katebar
<Content>Great Little Hotel! I booked at the Royal Magda because we needed a reasonably priced hotel, and it was conveniently located near the Arch de Triomphe and was rated highly in TripAdvisor. I was a little nervous about what I would find, but this turned out to be a great choice. Beautiful, clean, small boutique hotel, near the Metro, tour buses, etc. Easy to find. Room was typically small, but very clean and comfortable. Even a new flat screen tv. Bathroom small but seemed newly renovated and very clean. Nice little touches. The staff was EXCELLENT! Two very wonderful girls manned the desk during the days and they were so eager to please and helpful, we could not have hoped for better. The gentlemen on duty overnight (the front desk is staffed 24 hrs. a day) was also very accommodating and pleasant. This hotel was a joy and we were so pleased with the choice. Thank you to the Royal Magda for a great stay in Paris! Given the chance, I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annagoo
<Content>Brilliant hotel in centre of Paris A small but perfectly formed hotel a two minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe. The staff were brilliant, friendly and welcoming and the rooms were spotlessly clean. It is a great base for exploring Paris, with many things within walking distance, but if the legs get tired there's a taxi station at the top of the road and the metro two minutes away.I would definitely recommend this hotel, as would the rest of my family.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>salfordsausage
<Content>Fantastic stay Hotel was imaculate, our room was spotless, tastefully decorated and quite comfortable for a very small space. The reception staff were helpful, courteous and attentive.....excellent!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Magda78
<Content>Amazing! It was a perfect place for weekend away with the girls. The room was good size and very clean, staff extremely helpful and lovely. Location is superb, only a short walk from Champs Elysee. Would recommend it to anyone and I am definitely going back!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cws05champs
<Content>Excellent hotel, tremendous value Rogal Magda is an excellent boutique hotel. Very clean with excellent service and a tremendous value. Steps from the Arc de Triomphe, metro, and Champs Elysees. Very easy to book directly with hotel, everything completed easily through email with very quick responses. The only con is that the rooms are small, but the quality and cleanliness is all that matters. Eat at Brasserie Lorraine, worth the price for excellent service and 3 star Michelin food.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carugo
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a Great location! We have just returned from Paris after staying a long week-end at the Royal Magda with our 8 and 6 year old. We had a deluxe suite which is basically 2 rooms divided by an arch with a king size in one and a made up sofa bed in the other. Both rooms had a tv and the bathroom was lovely - sparkling clean - as was the rest of the hotel. We had good bathroom toiletries and the shower was excellent. The staff were very accommodating. We were very close to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. As other guests have stated, all transport was just at the end of the street too. All in all the location was great. We ate at Hippopotamus which was lovely and good for children, we also ate at Bistro Romain on Champs Elysees (top floor - good view of Champs at night). We had a one breakfast at Cafe de Flore on Boulevard Sain-Germain which was wonderful and worth the visit (one of the oldest cafes in Paris), and we had a lovely breakfast at the hotel one day. All in all a lovely trip!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mozwhite
<Content>C'est fantastique! This is the way Trip Advisor is supposed to work. My wife and I were looking for a good deal at a smaller hotel so we pulled up TA and, at the time, the Magda was #1 or #2 and it had a number of glowing reviews. We took other travelers' advice and it was exactly what we expected. Yohann (and the others at the front desk) was extremely helpful and made some outstanding recommendations for dinners and nightlife. If you are like us and would rather spend more money on actiivties and great meals than you would on the hotel, but still need a clean, safe place to sleep, this hotel is perfect.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zimozzie
<Content>Great location, great hotel My sister and I stayed at the Royal Magda Etoile for 2 nights on our way back from the UK to Australia. The staff were very friendly and especially helpful with advice about the buses and the metro.The foyer has the feel of a luxury, boutique hotel. Our twin room was a good size for a Parisian hotel and the bathroom was modern, new and spotlessly clean.The central location was one of the best things about the hotel. It was great to have the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe on our doorstep and access to the rest of Paris via the Metro and buses. The red tourist bus stops a short walk from the hotel (although this was great for getting around several landmarks, the sound system giving the commentary was poor and the bus was old).We would definitely stay at the Royal Magda Etoile when we go back to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loreleo
<Content>Oustanding Value in Paris The Royal Magda Etoile Hotel in Paris is one of the best deals in Paris. I have been at the Royal Magda Etoile twice during the last 6 months, and each time I received an outstanding treatment from the great staff. The rooms were always very clean, comfortable, and quiet. During the last visit (Febr 2008), I was upgraded to a large suite at no charge. The position of the Hotel is excellent, just in front of the Arc de Triomphe, minutes away from several Metro stations and the RER (train) station. In addition, the Hotel is minutes away from the Bus stop of the Air France shuttles that provide the fastest connection to both Airports in Paris (CGD and Orly). The only weakness of the Magda is probably the breakfast, but there are plenty of Cafes around to get fresh croissants. I strongly recommend the Royal Magda Etoile Hotel to business travelers (Paris Congress Center is only minutes away), to tourists and to everybody that want to enjoy Paris at an affordable price range.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yully
<Content>Love it !       steps of hotel  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DennisChung
<Content>friendly and cozy hotel !!       the corner of the guest room  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaasiBusch
<Content>Superb in many ways!!!! With our family of seven we stayed two nights in Hotel magda Etoile. It was an excellent stay. Very kind and helpful easy going staff. Perfect room on the grounfloor for our son in a wheelchair. Regarding location/price/service this couldn't have been any better! One minute l'Arc de Triomph.And we were so lucky to even park our cars in front of the hotel!Thank you so much everyone at Magda麓s, you are our Triumph!!!`Brady bunch` from Rotterdam, netherlands  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>naehmac
<Content>Loved the Royal Magda Etoile We are just back from a 3 day trip to Paris and stayed in the lovely Royal Magda Eoile. I would fully recommend this hotel to anyone. I booked this particular hotel after reading the reports on tripadvisor and you were nearly all right. The staff were fantastic. Really approachable and nice. The initial room we were given I was disappointed with and within 5 minutes we were moved to a great room. This was done quickly and without any problems at all. The room we had ( a junior suite) was a good size. The whole hotel is really clean particularly the bathrooms. I would definanately stay here again for my next trip to Paris. ( hopefully soon).  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>c2cfan
<Content>Perfect place to stay in Paris I will say that this hotel is a perfect place to stay for a romantic getaway in Paris. The localtion is excellent with just a short stroll to the Arch of Triumh and Charles de Gaulle metro station. The staff were helpful, the breakfast was good, and the rooms were of good quality standard. A bit small, as I'm used to Norwegian hotels which has great sized rooms.But overal a splendid, good quality and safe place to stay in Paris without using a lot of money.Value for money and highly recommended!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JoolsDarlington
<Content>very friendly This hotel compares very favourably with others that we've stayed in in Paris. It was a little more expensive than our usual, but as my husband and I said, it was a treat to be in a room that was better than OK: Not a single bad-taste plastic-framed picture on the wall or a mildewed tile in the bathroom. Instead, everything was spick and span - lovely new tiles, pristine clean floor, piles of fluffy white towels, towelling dressing gown. We asked and were given extra pillows, and the chamber-maid greeted us with a smile every morning. The reception staff were unvariably charming and pleasant. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel. As everyone else has said, the location was perfect. The area is totally unthreatening, even at night-time, with handy small shops nearby for water, bread and fruit. Our children (4 and 2) both love the Hippopotamus restaurant at Place des Ternes (5 mins on foot) and Bistro du 17ieme on Avenue de Villiers (15 mins on foot) was really great for an all inclusive Sunday lunch (I think it was about 36 Euros each including wine, aperitif and 3 courses - don't expect a children's menu, but waiters were very accommodating about half portions, children's portions etc). The Parc Monceau is handy for children to let off steam (hundreds of joggers at the weekend!) and the children's play area at Jardin de Luxembourg is brilliant, though you have to pay for access to it. The hotel was perfectly placed for so many activities.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bariblak
<Content>Great Location Just returned from a 3 day trip to Paris with my wife and young daughters. I booked the Royal Magda after reading the reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. We booked a Deluxe Suite, which is basically a bedroom and a lounge that contains a sofa bed. This was fine for us, but I would suggest the sofa is only big enough for 1 adult or 2 small children. The hotel was in excellent decorative condition and the staff we all exceptionally helpful and friendly. We had breakfast at the hotel because it was convenient but, at 12 euros a head, this was a mistake particularly as the kids were only having a croissant and hot chocolate. Better to turn left out of the hotel and find a patisserie or creperie. The breakfast area was very quiet each morning, so I suspect most people had elected to eat out.The location was excellent. Turn right out of the hotel, walk 20-30 metres, and you are looking at the Arc de Triomphe. Considering we were so central, the hotel was exceptionally quiet. Overall you will not be diappointed with this hotel. Keep an eye on the rates though, because they do offer substantially discounted rates occasionally . If you are unable to get a booking here, i noticed a number of similar hotels in the immediate areawhich are probably worth checking out.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bedfordians
<Content>Recommended We have just spent 2 nights at the Hotel Royal Magda Etoile (2 adults and 2 teenagers). The location is great - very near the Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elycees, metro and restaurants. The rooms are slightly small but very well equipped, clean and quiet. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. Breakfast provided a good range of food and it could be had in the bedroom which suited our teenagers. All in all a good place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RodrigoBrasil
<Content>Very good relation cost/benefit I stayed in the hotel with others two couples from 5/feb to 11/feb of 2008. We booked the stay directly by e-mail and they were very kind and polite, attending some of our requests. The hotel was very clean and organized. The bathroom was renewed recently and was perfectly cleaned everyday.The hotel is in a great location only a couple of minutes from the Arc de Triomphe and the Charles de Gaule Etoile metro station.The staff was very helpful and friendly, they helped us choosing a good restaurant and made the reservation for us. They also help us with the transfer.The breakfast was simple, bust very tasty. Highlight for the croisants, cheeses and jams. Some people of the staff spoke portuguese, which was also a good our group.Considering the prices in Paris, the hotel had an excelent cost/benefit relation.I麓ll sure stay there again in my next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dublinemma27
<Content>Great hotel for the price Booked this hotel last minute due to overbooking at our other accom in Paris and was very impressed, the room was a little small but still plenty of room for two. Everything was spotless, the check in and out very speedy. The guy on reception was very very helpful. overall I would have no problem recommending this great little hotel in an excellant location.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iamdianne
<Content>Very Pleased My husband and I chose this hotel because of previous reviews on Trip Advisor. We contacted the hotel directly to book and to request a non smoking room away from the elevator. They said they would try to accomodate us. We were so pleased when we checked in to find that the room did not smell like smoke at all. We were placed on the floor we wanted and the room (512) was as far away from the elevator as possible. Although that isn't very far since the fifth floor only has 6 rooms. Nevertheless, we did not hear any noise from the elevator. The room was immaculate. We did experience some noise from the room above when they were getting ready in the mornings but that seemed understandable in a building of this age. The bathroom was very modern. Everyone seemed extremely friendly. And of course the location was great. It was our first time to Paris and we were pleased with the ease of using the nearby RER/metro. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PPK2008
<Content>Perfect choice in every respect We chose this hotel based on reviews we read on various websites. The bit of research was definitely worth it as we made an excellent choice. The hotel is in a great location only a couple of minutes stroll from the Arc de Triomphe and the Charles de Gaule Etoile station which is the perfect hub from which to explore Paris by metro. Our ensuite double room was very pleasant - tastefully decorated and very clean with a fully stocked mini bar. The staff at reception, all of whom spoke good English, were extremely helpful and polite. The hotel was very good value by Parisien standards and I'd have no hesitation in recommending it to other travellers.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Just&Rach
<Content>A Little Gem In A Perfect Location Myself, my wife, and our two good friends stayed here for two nights at the end of January. We booked the hotel via Hotels . com with help from Trip Advisor based on previous reviews.Most hotels are quite pricey in the centre of Paris, however this one is definitely value for money. Only a 15 euro, 15 minute, cab journey from the Gare Du Nord, it is also easily reachable from the nearest metro stop apprx 200 yards away. In advance of our stay, I emailed the hotel to check a few things, and like some of the other reviewers, found Yohan to be extremely helpful and very prompt in his replies. It is the little touches like this that make all the difference. The hotel, although quite small, was immaculate, and the rooms were spotless. All the staff were friendly and were always there to assist if needs be. The location was even better than we were led to believe, with the Arc De Triomphe on the doorstep along with all manner of shops, bars and restaurants. We also spent a day at Disney, and were very fortunate to also find that the metro stop by the hotel is a direct line to the park (about 40 minutes) but makes it extremely easy to get there and back if you are heading up that way. Paris is a great city to walk round, and the Eiffel Tower is around 35/40 minutes walk away, and the Louvre around 50 minutes straight down the Champs D'elysees.All in all, we can thoroughly recommended this hotel and would definitely stay there when we next venture into Paris. Although eating and drinking is often very expensive in the city, the Eurostar return trip via Ebbsfleet only cost 拢59 per couple with a promotion, so there is really no excuse not to explore this great place!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emptynestersnc
<Content>A great pick! I booked this hotel based on the information from other reviews and was really pleased! I emailed the hotel before we arrived to make sure our reservations were in order and Yohan emailed me back right away. He also answered some questions about arrival and tours and set them up for us. He even called me after his shift was over to help us set up a tour. Any time that we had a question, he and Lily helped us. The whole staff was pleasant and helpful the entire stay. Our rooms were very clean and comfortable and always ready for us after we spent the day touring around. The breakfast was a little pricey, but was always great and wasn't any more that another sit down cafe.We ate at a few restaurants at night that were great. One was Cesars on Wagram, a great Italian spot a block away. Across the street from Cesars on Wagram was an Irish Pub that had great service, prices and food. Another great restaurant was Durers in Montmarte. It's very close to the Abbesses metro stop. I highly recommend this hotel and thank Yohan and Lily for wonderful service!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LifeboatJim
<Content>Fantastic Location!! Great Paris Hotel!! Just returned from 4 night stay at the Magda. Firstly the Air France shuttle which anyone can use stops within a 5 minute case drag of the hotel (20 Euros Return from T1 or T2 CDG). The Arc is only a 5 minute (if that) walk away as is a Metro station. The Louvre is within walking distance (30 - 45min), there are many good quality restaurants nearby as well as budget ones. MacDonalds is also at the end of the street if you fancy avoiding the 6 Euro coffees around Paris. Also at the end of the road is a self service restaurant (Monte Carlo), 2 courses for 11 Euros. Worth a go as food v good considering the cost. The night before paid over 100 Euros for 2. Found the staff very friendly and helpful at the hotel. Room was very clean and a good size for Paris. Breakfast was good, many people complain in reviews about the 12 Euro charge. I regularly pay 15GBP in the UK so found it good value for money. The street outside can get a little noisy at night but nothing clsoing the window doesn't sort. After all Paris is a cosmopolitan city so unlike many places people aren't in bed for 10pm. Recommend the Magda and Paris!!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>muffingem
<Content>Superb choice in Paris Just stayed at the Magda over Epiphany. This was our third trip to Paris and the best hotel yet. It is literally two or three minutes to the Arc du Triumphe and Metro, the room was neat and clean and the staff bent over backward to make sure we were happy. Johan even arranged two dinner reservations and a driver for Champagne and attended the meeting with that driver to make sure all the details were taken care of. The best hotel in Paris!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spydr
<Content>As good as all the reviews state I can only add to all the great reviews about this hotel. We stayed in a Junior Suite with our two young daughters and, although smallish, the room was big and comfortable enough for the four of us. Aurelie and Yohann at reception were great and really went out of their way to assist us. The location is excellent (one block from the Arc de Triomphe and the Charles de Gaulle Etoile Metro station) and the reception desk even gave us their own hand drawn map of useful places around the hotel, such as supermarkets, forex and banks, tourist bus stops etc.On New Year's Eve we were invited to champagne and snacks in the lobby and found a complimentary box of delicious chocolates in our room, as well as a chocolate hamper for each of our children. The hotel is good value for money and their service is excellent. We can certainly recommend the hotel, also for families.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>northgong
<Content>friendly, central, and clean Just spent 3 nights at the Magda Etoile and have to say we were very impressed by a number of points. The position is within 2 minutes walk of the Arch. The staff are absolutely helpful and friendly and the rooms are not as small as we thought they would be with a quaint little balcony. Interiors were very clean and the bathroom excellent.Didnt have breakfast there, so cant really comment.All in all I would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hughie772
<Content>cosy little hotel like others have mentioned, we booked this hotel due to the price and reviews on here. when we arrived we were greeted by a fantastic woman who later was awesome in giving us reviews on restaurants, as i had a look on toptable.com she looked up french reviews on the restaurant and told us exactly where to find it and offered to call them for us and arrange a taxi. We decided against the restaurant in the end due to the fact we felt we were underdressed and instead wondered the streets and found a lovely restaurant but returned to find the doors closed. It wasnt a problem getting in as the man at reception let us in but im not sure if he has a break and what time he leaves his post but its something to consider. We paid 153 euros for one night with breakfast for two, im not sure if that is bad or good but we would visit again as the positioning was great.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marc07
<Content>Another good pick We have stayed in this hotel from 27 till 29 dec (room 514) and we were very pleased with our pick. After some research on Tripadvior we decided to go for this hotel becease of the location near the arc and ofcourse the price, which is very reasonable. While we were staying here for three full days we noticed that the staff is exceptionally friendly and the rooms are exceptionally clean. All things you can expect in a three star hotel is present. The only negative aspect was the wall thickness, because of this you can sometimes hear other hotel guests talking in their room, this was only in the evening hours.We ve read a lot of reviews about this hotel and we can agree more with most of them... that it is great. Note its is great because of the location and the price you pay. Dont expect a 5 star hotel for a price rate of a 3 star. Its just good value for money. If you find the breakfast expensive just walk to the corner and take a petit dejeuner at Mac Donalds its not too bad for just 5 euro. We would recommend this hotel and certainly would go back again. If we can make a recommendation to the hotel owners ( i know they read the reviews on this site) just charge 10 euro's more for a hotelroom and charge less or nothing for breakfast, its more balanced that way.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>azuresky
<Content>So convenient! We stayed at the Magda Etoile over Christmas for 4 nights and I honestly don't think we could have made a better choice.For the pros; this place has got one of the BEST locations. Really easy to get to all the usual touristy sites (Eiffel tower, Louvre, Notre Dame, Sacre Coeur etc) by metro. The closest station is Charles de Gaulle which has about 3 lines running through it, and just around the corner is the Champs Elysees.Rooms were spotless, especially the bathroom which was great and linens were changed everyday. They even left us a box of divine Leonidas choccies on Christmas day! There are lots of wonderful brasseries close by and the staff are very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. We were a bit worried by some of the reviews regarding staff; but we encounted no such problems during our stay.As for the cons: The rooms and the bathroom are pretty tight (we stayed in a standard room) but perfectly adequate. Also, you can occassionally get the waft of smoke in your room as other patrons may be smokers but this generally dissapates quite quickly. There is no breakfast included in the room rate; but not really a problem as there are lots of great cafes nearby. Finally, this is not really a con but just something to note: there is supposed to be a 24hr reception, but we came home after midnight mass on Christmas Eve (around 2am) and found the door locked. We rang the doorbell, and it was answered straightaway so there was no problem but just something to be aware of if you are planning any late nights out.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Russpo
<Content>Good but not faultless Nice hotel, fantastic location for Arc and Metro connection to all the main places of interest. Staff were very helpful. I've seen negative comments on this site about a young guy. If it's the same one we had dealings with then he must have pulled his socks up because he was very attentive and polite to us. The young lady was extremely helpful and almost as beautiful as Paris itself! Finally the hotel left chocolates for us on Christmas Day - a lovely touch.Now the bad bits - the street on which the hotel resides smells pretty awful but once inside this is not detectable. At night there is some noise through the rather thin walls/ceilings. Finally, as mentioned by others, there was a slight smell of smoke in our room, presumably left by previous occupants. Overall, I was impressed and would visit again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>tarzanldy
<Content>An overrated hotel I read reviews and am fairly adept at determing when people are overlycomplimentary or negative. Wow...did I miss it here. It was merely an adequate boutique hotel in a fabulous location. We have stayed in Paris several times and were specifically looking for a hotel near theArch D'Triumphe. I e-mailed with the hotel and was assured that our upgraded room would be large...we could barely put our luggage in the room and no room to move around. We upgrade to a junior suite thatwas laughable. The furniture appeared to have been bought at a yard sale. There are numerous 3* hotels in all the surrounding streets to select from. The breakfast was expensive, 12euro per person for a continental breakfast.Yohan who seems to have his own fan club is typically officious French. We had fun trying to get him to smile. He did provide some suggestions but it was a challenge!If you want the same area and rating, I would check out the Princess Caroline next door.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ainsworth179
<Content>Reviews not wrong We booked this hotel solely on the glowing reviews on the Trip Advisor website. The staff on reception were excellent - very helpful and all spoke good English. We did think it odd that no-one accompanied us to our room - understandable when seeing the small lift tho!The room was impeccably clean, breakfast was delivered to the room at no extra charge and was well worth the supplement.The hotel is very conveniently located and easy to walk to from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile metro station.The only down side was that the room was quite small, however, we didn't visit Paris to stay in the hotel all the time. Something to consider if you're there for a longer stay than a few days perhaps.All in all, very impressed and it deserves the high rating on this website.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelling_Deborah
<Content>Slightly disappointed I have just arrived home from Paris and my stay at the Royal Magda EtoileI booked this hotel based on the outstanding reviews on tripadvisor - especially in regard to service and location.The hotel was as expected - it is a 'boutique' hotel so you can't expect all amenities. I liked my room on the sixth floor (attic rooms) - it had a comfortable double bed, plenty of room for me and satisfactory bathroom. Though I could imagine the room could be a bit cozy for two people.The rooms were very clean - but unfortunately no view except into the inner courtyard.The downside for me was - as for a recent reviewer - was the young man at the desk. I arrived early one weekend morning and had expected (from tripadvisor reviews) a warm welcome. The young man couldn't have been more unfriendly. If he ever smiled I was never to see it during my stay - and he certainly made a guest feel that they were a nuisance.I had hoped he was just working weekends but my heart sank when I saw his face at the desk. He was most unhelpful about nice bistros in the area and you could feel his impatience in having to answer questions.Fortunately, he was joined a few days later by Eualie (I hope I got her name right she deserves it) who is extremely friendly and helpful. Her colleagues at night were also lovely and friendly - one man from Morocco (who was on most of my stay) and the other from Algiers. They wre happy to chat and be helpful.The location of the hotel is fantastic but even at such reasonable prices I would hesitate to stay here again as your hotel is your home away from home and I don't like to feel like I am being a nuisance 'at home'.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	-1	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>PT77
<Content>Great hotel Our stay at Royal Magda was very comfortable. We had no complaints what so ever. Excellent location, safe, close to the METRO/ RER (if you are travelling with a lot of luggage taking the Air France shuttle is NOT a good idea), Courteous and helpful staff. The staff also made our reservations for LIMO pick up and drop off. On the day of departure there was a strike in Paris- the staff made sure our commute to the airport was taken care of. Clean rooms , good fixtures in bathroom, comfortable bed and pillows. The room was small but yet met our requirements. We did not have breakfast in the hotel. Qwickys and MC Donalds are just around the corner from the hotel. Also, try out the Thai restaurant near by.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>peainpod
<Content>Good rather than great Like many others, we booked the hotel on the strength of the excellent reviews and rating from this site. While we weren't disappointed with our choice, in all honesty, I felt that the hotel didn't merit such a high ranking.Some of the good points mentioned in other reviews are certainly valid: great location (near CDG-Etoile station, 2 streets away from Air France drop-off) and good value for money (we paid $149 euros per night in early Dec). And our room was even somewhat larger than we had expected.That said, there were a number of less than satisfactory things as well. First off, our room had a lingering smoked-in smell that lasted for the first 2-3 days of our week-long stay. Hotel staff were inconsistent in service attitude and certainly not as friendly as one might expect in such an intimate setting. One dark-haired youth veered on rude in his attitude, even though we were just asking about the most mundane question (directions for this one restaurant) and the encounter was unpleasant enough that I studiously avoided him for the rest of the stay. My advice is to only ask reception questions when there was either a girl on duty (she was super friendly and that *almost* but not quite made up for the insolent rude young guy) and a middle-aged gentlemen.On the whole, we were still not disappointed with our choice and would even probably choose it again - but just thought that a more balanced review would help to warn future guests from having too high expectations and becoming disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>infolondon
<Content>Very good 鈥?simply as that This hotel is very good. Staff were friendly, room was small, but a fair size considering its central Paris location. The hotel is very near Metro/RER station and the Arc de Triomphe. In room breakfast was good, although probably not worth the cost. In-room bar, again was expensive, but nothing which surprised me. I had a poor view, of the inner courtyard, but this wasn鈥檛 much of a problem. The lift is slightly small, two people in the lift and it is full, but again this never posed a problem. In summary it is hard to fault this hotel, generally excellent. However, there was nothing exceptional about this place. But if you are looking for good quality accommodation in central Paris, this is a good choice.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Marina07Athens
<Content>Very satisfied Great location 2 steps from arc de triomphe and from one of the biggest metro stations.The staff was very very helpful and kind!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYorkers
<Content>mixed feelings We stayed at the Magda Etoile for three nights this November. We booked it after reading the glowing reviews on Tripadvisor, thinking it would be an impeccable experience. The many 5.0 ratings are convincing, yet a bit misleading.First off, the location is truly terrific. Having been to Paris many times, I can attest to the fact that the Magda Etoile is in a great location to see the city. It is around the corner form the 1 line, which crosses Paris horizontally and takes you pretty much everywhere. The stop is called Charles de Gaulle-Etoile. From the hotel it's about a minute on foot.Now for the buts...The hotel is small, one could say intimate, and rooms are not very large. They are very very clean, but our room had clearly been smoked in. The smoke smell was quite intense and if you're very sensitive, you'd be mad, I guarantee it. The bath towels we used after showering, upon arrival, smelled strongly of smoke. I called reception and we received new ones, but I will admit that it skeeved us out that we had the previous guests bath towels on the shelf... he/she didn't use them, but still...Then, the front desk. The girls were great, helpful and pleasant. But one scraggly, skinny dude we asked to make a reservation for us couldn't have been more arrogant. When we asked him to call a well-known restaurant to see if we could get a table, he insisted it was a chain and that there was another one nearby, which we should just walk to. I knew for a fact that wasn't the case, so when I asked him to find the one I meant in St. Germain, he asked if I had the telephone number...like as in call them yourself. I said i could look it up online, but that I was hoping he could make the call, since my French is rudimentary and sometimes it helps when a hotel calls. He sighed...he made me wait...then he said he would call back...and didn't. When my husband went downstairs and asked him, he seemed put out and said he hadn't had time yet to find the number, along with the roll of the eye. In short, he was a jerk. It kind of colored our view of the rest of the staff, perhaps unfairly.The breakfast was ok, but at 12 euros per person not exactly good. Some croissants, some baguette, wrapped cheese, jam...coffee..oh well.So all in all it's not a total disappointment, it's an adequate hotel, but we won't give it a 5.0. We decided not to drink the Kool-Aid..;-)  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>helzbells
<Content>Would definitely stay again We stayed at the hotel for three nights in November 2007 and would definitely stay again. The room looked like it'd been recently redecorated and was stylish and immaculately clean (as was the bathroom and from what we saw, so was the rest of the hotel). Location wise, it couldn't be beaten - it's literally a minute away from the Metro and the Arc D'Triomphe and there are lots of shops and cafes locally.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	-1	5	4	3	

<Author>riskyman
<Content>Excellent hotel I stayed for four days at the Royal Magda Hotel. What can I say? It's a perfect hotel. The location is excellent. The rooms are very clean, the bathroom is large and the towels were in perfect conditions. The staff is very friendly and helpful.I have no complaints with this hotel. For the price, the deal is unbeatable.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EuroReisen
<Content>Wonderful Spent two nights at the Royal Magda and had a wonderful time. The hotel is well-situated just off the CDG Etoile and is very near the Metro stop of the same name and also the AIr France airport bus stop.I arrived early in the afternoon and was able to check in right away, and from the very beginning the staff were warm, friendly and welcoming. My single room included a double bed, bathroom with shower, LCD TV, free broadband internet, and a desk. Everything was spotlessly clean and the bathroom had huge, fluffy towels.Breakfast was not included in the room price and was offered as either a buffet in the lobby or a tray delivered to the room. As the charge was the same for either option (12 Euros), I had a tray in my room and it was the perfect way to start my day: cafe au lait, fresh squeezed orange juice, yogurt, baguette, croissant, pain au chocolat, cheese, butter, and jam. I decided to order breakfast at the last minute and it was brought up less than 10 minutes after I called. It's also available until noon should you want to really sleep in.The only thing less than perfect was the soundproofing of the room. I could hear every word spoken by the couple in the next room, and whenever they would leave or return, it sounded like they were opening and closing my door. And, although perfectly adequate, an upgrade in the bedding wouldn't be a bad idea.For the location, price and service quality, though, the Royal Magda is a gem. I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NZgirl24
<Content>Fantastic hotel Royal Magda was fantastic! The staff were incredibly friendly and the breakfast kept us going all day. We spent two nights there and found the location was perfect for either walking or the metro is just around the corner. And because it鈥檚 down a side road the rooms are also very quiet. The very nice staff gave us a great restaurant recommendation for my birthday dinner and even provided us with knives and plates when we bought cheese and bread from the market back to our room. The room was small but very clean and nicely furnished and we really didn鈥檛 need it to be any bigger after all you鈥檙e only there to sleep! Will return for sure and would recommend for others without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SKIpal
<Content>Great location This was a lovely hotel. We had a tiny balcony which looked over the street. We were close to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosenbear
<Content>Lovely We stayed for five nights at the Magda and had a great stay.The location was perfect - right near the Arc de Triomphe and the train station, so we could get everywhere we needed to go easily.There were plenty of eateries nearby, plus the staff were happy to point us in the direction of an internet cafe and supermarket.The room and bathroom were pretty tiny, but very well furnished and clean.We found the daily cleaning always seemed to be fairly late in the day, so coming back for an afternoon siesta was out of the question, but there's so much to do in Paris that wasn't a huge issue!We checked out fairly early one morning, and the man at the desk was more than happy to book us a taxi and help us carry out our luggage when it arrived.The Magda has a great, friendly atmosphere - highly recommended. Our tip - try the onion soup at the English pub around the corner. It's the best!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>htango
<Content>NIce and friendly       Nice and clean room  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Y-Alpha
<Content>Spot on at the Magda The reviews on trip advisor were spot on - a great placed hotel, perfectly adequate for our needs. Breakfast was money well spent in the expensive area that it is. I would advise going for the junior suite or double with bath though as the shower rooms are rather cramped - but if all you are going to do is sleep then perfect! Staff were lovely, and no hassle checking in. Highly recommended  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CSGS
<Content>Wonderful Paris Location, friendly staff We visited France for our 20th wedding anniversary and had a wonderful stay in Paris. Hotel Royal Magda Etoile gave us a warm reception upon our arrival, (we took the Air France bus from the CDG airport which dropped us off only one street away from the hotel.) The room was very comfortable and the hotel located steps from the Arc de Triomphe, metro, great places to eat and food markets. We would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in Paris!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CBFOUR
<Content>Excellent disabled room We booked the disabled room, which is located besides the reception and we stayed five nights in the hotel. The room had enough space for the two wheelchairs of my wife (one for normal use and one to be connected to a electric powered wheel). While I was having business meetings she could go where she wanted go through entire Paris autonomously, because most sidewalks are lowered down to street level at the corners. The room was very clean and very quiet! Especially the latter is rare in noisy Paris! There are some good restaurants in the vicinity. The entrance of the hotel is also rather good for wheelchairs. From the sidewalk only a little step of 2 - 4 cm has to be taken. Most wheel chair drivers can manage that. When ever you have a problem, the people at the reception are very friendly and helpful. In my view this room is very adequeate for people in a wheelchair. Some positive suggestions for the management: 1. In the bathroom there is no screen or curtain to prevent water splashing on the ground surface. It was no problem for my disabled wife when she took a bath, but when I took a shower, standing upright, I could not prevent that a lot of water came on the ground surface. 2. Also the flexible water supply is too short for a normal person taking a shower. Holding the shower head just above my head it sqeezed off the water supply. 3. Further, the place to put your bath room stuff (shaving kit, make up and other things) is far to small. Twice, I moved my hair comb on the one side and at the other side of the glass plank the glass fell into the sink. It was broken both times (sorry manager...). Anyhow, the next time that we will come to Paris, we will again go to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AttitudeAdjuster
<Content>We loved the Royal Magda Etoile We stayed twice at the Royal Magda Etoile during the Rugby World Cup. It's location is excellent with the airport bus stopping a couple of minutes away and the Metro/RER also just minutes away. The rooms were lovely, well apppointed and comfortable. The reception staff were extremely helpful, and spoke very good English and helped with my not so good French.The Hotel has an excellent location by the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees.we paid about 拢100 a night for our rooms and were very impressed.We also recommend the Bistro Niell which is an easy walk away and Chez Clement in the Rue Marbeuf.If only England had won, the weekend would have been perfect!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gem02
<Content>good location My boyfriend I stayed at the Royal Magda for 3nights really enjoyed our stay. The room was small in comparison to many other European hotels we have stayed in but was clean the location was excellent. Close to Air France shuttle drop off the metro. In walking distance of many of the main sites. The reception staff were very helpful  friendly. Only complaint would be that the beds were not very comfy  the rooms very not at all soundproof, making it quite noisy in the mornings. Over all though this is a fairly good hotel to stay in during a trip to Paris if your just looking for a bed to sleep in after a busy day sight seeing.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>PickyGuy
<Content>Very nice little hotel, conveniently located near the Metro We only stayed here 1 night in October of 2007. We were well pleased. The rooms were small but clean and the prices were low - we only paid 129 Euros. I gave them 5 stars in consideration of the value of this hotel. Located on a usually quiet (and typically trash-strewn) Parisian street and only 2-3 blocks from the Charles De Gaulle-Etoile Metro stop where the #1, #2 and #6 subways go. Lots of expensive shopping nearby. Breakfast is only 12 euros (which ain't bad for Paris). There is free internet in the hotel and that is a rarity in Europe. The elevator is really small and this adds to the charm of the hotel. The staff was very friendly. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamilyfromBris
<Content>An absolute pleasure again! This was my third stay in 12 months at Magda and it was once again a fabulous reunion with this quaint little hotel and of course the fabulous staff including Yohan, Flore and Juliette. I stayed in a junior suite this time and the extra few dollars was worth every cent for the 10 day stay. It was super comfortable with ample room and i highly recommend this for a longer stay in Paris.The staff at the hotel make the stay completely enjoyable..nothing is ever a problem, and it is really like a home away from home...especially important when home is at the other end of the world in Australia.I would never contemplate staying in another Paris hotel, not even a 5 star . Who can beat this?  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>osubarry
<Content>Great Location This was a classy little hotel. The people at the front desk were helpful and always smiling. The room as mentioned before was small, but very clean. Close to many restaurants as well as the Arc de Triomphe and Metro stop. The Air France bus to the airport is also nearby. We walked to the Louvre as well as the Eiffel Tower. We would stay here again if we ever visit Paris.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nancy_siesta_key
<Content>Great Hotel We spent 4 nights at the Royal Magda hotel and for the price, we were extememely pleased. The rooms were small but clean, same with the bathroom. Since we didn't come to Paris to stay in the room, it was perfect. The location was within walking distance to the Champes Elysee and the subway was a block away. Everyone at the hotel was polite and helpful. Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LindySD
<Content>A Gem We stayed in a junior suite at the Royal Magda the first week of October. The room was clean and spacious. Nice to put your feet up after a day of touring.The staff were very helpful and also answered a few questions over the internet before we arrived.The location was excellent. Close to the metro (3 lines) and 1-1/2 blocks to the Champs de Elysees.If we return, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jhbboy
<Content>Great Hotel -       Workstation and TV  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EricToronto
<Content>Perfect for Paris My fiancee and I stayed at the Royal Magda for a week as part of our honeymoon. Paris is beautiful and the Royal Magda is a wonderful hotel to stay in to see the city. A short walk from the Metro, the hotel is ideal for tourists. Across from the Metro is the Arc and a 30 second walk from there is the Champs d'Elysse. We stayed on the 6th floor with a view of the other rooms. Not much to look at. The television is tiny (13inches at best) and the fridge was fully stocked making it difficult to keep any food in. The lift is not for the larger individual. Two people, max. and don't expect to fit any luggage in the lift with you. Showers are decent size by European standards. The Royal Magda receives such a high rating because for what you pay, you get a decent value. The beds are nice but small. The a/c works well. The front desk people are nice (although Yohan broke the handle on our luggage by accident) - the hotel has offered to reimburse us. The location is excellent. We truly enjoyed our stay here. I don't know what the other rooms are like but for a honeymoon couple, I would highly recommend staying here. On a side note, try the Chinese restaurant across from the hotel. We ate here twice and were very happy with our meals and the price. There's a McDonald's on the corner and the neighbourhood is pleasant to walk during the day. There are few nice, small cafe's and eateries on McMahon.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tennisniese
<Content>Wonderful hotel This is a wonderful hotel in a great location. The metro is right around the corner so getting to locations all over Paris is very easy. There are also great restaurants in the few blocks sounding the hotel. Guy Savoy is located right across the street! The hotel is very clean and the staff was friendly and all spoke english very well. We had the breakfast which was $12 a piece but it had a nice selection of cereals, fruits, yogurt, bagettes etc.. It was nice to just sit and plan our day with our maps at the hotel before heading out. We also had them book us a private car from and to the airport which was very nice. Great driver and a nice luxury when arriving in Paris. For a wonderful hotel in a great location with a fair price stay here and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gmogrady
<Content>Great Place We loved this place! While the room was a bit smaller than we are used to, it was spotlessly clean. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. Best of all was the location. What more could you ask for in being 1/2 block from the Arc and the same from the metro? We felt very safe and could find all we needed within a few minutes walk. Nothing luxurious but still a great find!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dinas64
<Content>Wonderful gem, great location My husband and I stayed at the Royal Magda for 4 nights of our 10 day trip to France. We booked a junior suite and it was perfect for 2 people or 2 with a child. It was a large room with a small sofa that converts to a bed. The room was spotless every day. The room faced the back of the hotel, so we couldn't hear the noise from the club next door, except for the night that France beat Ireland in World Cup rugby. Our only complaint about the room was that the bed was rather hard. The staff was great. They were very helpful in making dinner reservations, including one for our 20th wedding anniversary. Location was hard to beat, just steps to the Metro and a block from the Air France shuttle from the airport. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>romavisitor
<Content>Excellent location, helpful staff Stayed in the Magda Etoile for a weekend in September. Fantastic location- few minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the metro. We were upgraded to a junior suite which was lovely. 6 of us travelled together- all happy with rooms. The rooms were spotlessly clean. The reception staff could not have been more helpful. They recommended and booked a restaurant for us in advance, contacted the Moulin Rouge to confirm our reservation number and organised airport transfers. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>timcat99
<Content>Stayed here on our honeymoon  We stayed here during our honeymoon in Paris  loved it! It's conveniently located near the Arc de Triomphe, the metro station, and Champs Elysses. The room  restroom were very clean and comfortable. What stood out the most was the wonderful concierge! Flore and the rest of the staff were so friendly and helpful. Anytime we needed directions, suggestions for restaurants, help with booking reservations, they were there with a warm smile. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. It truly is such a great bargain for what you get.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sj_traveler_ca
<Content>Charming Boutique Hotel w Great Staff My husband and I spent three nights in this hotel and found it perfect: friendly and helpful staff, spotlessly clean, charming and quiet. Johahn spoke English and was -- best of all -- courteous and helpful. The hotel is in a convenient area that worked well for us, although it is 2.7 miles from the Louvre. We had a room on the sixth floor that was cozy and comfortable after we requested a move from the first floor room directly off the reception area. Should you want to be on the first floor, that room works but otherwise I'd avoid it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Marigot1
<Content>What a great fiind We stayed at the Magda Etoile for 2 nights last week on our way home from Provence. This was our 6th trip to Paris, and we have stayed in many different hotels. The Magda Etoile was an excellent bargain for the location and accomodations. We had a 2 room suite- with a queen size bed. Our room faced the rear of the building, (not streetside) and was very quiet. The bed and pillows were quite comfortable. What made this hotel special was the location (right near the Arc D'Triumphe and Metro stop) and the kindness of the front desk staff. We had emailed the hotel prior to our arrival with some restaurants that we wanted to book . They went over and above to secure reservations, even when one of the restaurants was completely booked. They were also ready to give detailed directions to a restaurant or information as to which terminal we need for check in at Charles De Gaulle . FInally, one of the front desk staff assisted us in taking our bags to the nearby Airfrance bus to go back to the airport.  We booked through the website and while there were made aware that there were some far less expensive rooms-- albeit smaller and facing the street (with attendant noice from the bar next door). In all, this hotel was a great find, and we would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MojoQueensland
<Content>best hotel in all of paris!!! Royal Magda equals prefection. Their amazing, helpful and friendly staff who are the heart and soul of this incredible hotel and Parisian chic ambience were just some of the reasons that make this hotel the best hotel in all of Paris.The immaculate rooms, (not one thing out place ,everything sparkled), beautifully kept hotel, happy and atmosphere, delicious morning croissants and home made hot chocolate breakfasts, exceptionally ideal and safe location, and the warm welcome and the helpful team (that was willing to pick up food for their guest who had a cold when it was raining who helped with local maps, directions and metro times and who always had a smile which brightened our day every morning and every night) who are the icing on the cake of this astounding hotel!You will love it! You are not going to find a more prefect place to come back to at the end of the day in this amazing city. Royal Magda is in a class of its own, a treasure that the city of Paris should be proud of. Thank you for the time of our lives, we will be back.Love J. Siracusa and J. ThompsonAustralia.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frogwoman
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was great. The location was right by the Arc de Truimph and a metro stop. Plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. The rooms were nice. There was construction in the lobby, but didn't mind it too much. The airline lost our luggage and we didn't have any idea where it was. The staff spent the last two days tracking it down for us and calling the airport. They were extremely helpful in getting our luggage. Without them I would have probably given up-- kudos to them. would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Neil&Amanda
<Content>Great little hotel This hotel was booked by my husband as part of a surprise first anniversary trip to Paris.The best thing about the hotel is it's location. A stone's throw away from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees, and one of the main metro stations: Charles de Gaulle Etoile.It's on a quiet street, except on Saturday nights when the club next door plays music well into the night, but to be honest, once the door to the balcony is closed, it's not really audible.We had a club room on the 5th floor, and whilst it was small, it was perfectly formed with a spotlessly clean bathroom. The bed was super comfortable. The aforementioned balcony over the street was really nice for gazing out, morning or evening!The lift is minute but works fine!We didn't eat breakfast in, but wandered to nearby restaurants and cafes instead.The staff were friendly, tolerated our less than perfect French and spoke English when we struggled! We requested and iron and ironing board on arrival and it was promptly sorted with no problems. Also, when we checked out, they housed our bags until 6pm with no qualms. We lay in late-ish both mornings and weren't bothered at all by cleaning maids.We'd definately recommend this hotel and would return ourselves straight away!! Fab place, great find!! Thanks Tripadvisors!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>itchingfeet
<Content>A little gem This hotel may have the tightest lifts I've ever been in and isn't showy but if you want a central base in Paris that is clean, well organised, and staffed by friendly, helpful people the Royal Magda Etoile is a good bet. I stayed in a single room that made the best use of its size, was quiet and basically had everything to make my trip memorable.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelgirl2783
<Content>Fantastic service and stay :D Due to injury, we had to cancel our trip to the south of France and stay in Paris unexpectedly. Our accommodation we were in was booked to somebody else so I scoured the internet for a hotel and found the Royal Magda for 99 euro a night!We arrived at the Royal Magda at 10am, not expecting to be able to check in but to our surprise, they had our room ready in fifteen minutes and upgraded us to a junior suite! The room was beautiful and so clean and spacious. Throughout our stay the staff provided us with bags and bags of ice (for the injured ankle) and also plenty of excellent advice regarding shopping and eating. I'm sure we were driving them mad but we would never have known! Definitely the best hotel stay I've ever had!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>45678
<Content>A wonderful gem. My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel during a recent business/pleasure trip to Paris. It has the perfect location, close to everything, including great cafes, restaurants, shopping and city landmarks. The hotel is VERY clean, with what appears as newly renovated rooms. The bathroom was very modern with every convenience, even a hair dryer and bathrobes. The staff at the front desk were friendly and spoke English happily for us. We will definitely stay at this hotel on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerDetroit_Mi
<Content>I LOVED the Royal Magda!!!! Of all the hotels I have ever stayed at (I have traveled to Europe, Asia, America), this was one of the two hotels where I felt like home. The reasons being:1. First and foremost, this is by far the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed at anywhere in Europe! Everything sparkles/shines.2. The location cannot be beat. Less then five minutes leisurely walk to the Metro (4 Main lines), The Arc, in a beautiful neighborhood - many restaurants, shops, but still on a quite street.3. The people are the most friendly I've ever met in a European hotel - everyone speaks English very well and they genuinely care and helped us with our questions about where to go during our visit, etc.4. The price - We got the continental breakfast included, and it was a great choice! The food was amazing and very varied! It's not just a few bagels and milk. It's cheese, meat, hot-out-of the oven bread, honey, and so on. We had a flat-screen TV, small balcony to the street, and bar. It was excellent!!I had a wonderful time here, and know I will return to this hotel next time I'm in Paris!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kerrydale
<Content>Great hotel, great location Fantastic hotel - my daughter and I stayed 3 nights in June and loved it. Great location on a quiet street two minutes' walk from the Arc de Triomphe. I've stayed in Paris often, but never had such a nice room at this kind of budget. Couldn't fault it, really.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ninjatania
<Content>Everything and more !       retro dining  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Emil2007
<Content>We love this hotel and the people who work there. We just arrived home two hours ago and this is one of the first things I wanted to do. Me and my wife had a wonderfull time at this hotel. I've been to many places around the world but I was very impressed with a few things about this hotel: 1)Service is excellent. Flore and Johahn in particular but everybody was very very nice and they went extra mile to make sure our stay was pleasant. (I still can't believe Johahn tried for 6 hours to Email me a 700Mb file with pictures).2)Rooms and bathrooms are very clean. 3)Size of the rooms and bathrooms are relatively large for a hotel located in the heart of Paris4)Location is excellent: Just a few steps to Chap's Elysee and the most important thing very close to the metro station with 4 different lines available.5)Breackfast is more than enough and the coffee is fresh;6)Price is very good for what you get. 7)Did I say that the service was excellent? I will reccomend this hotel to all my friends travelling to Paris.If there is somedody that doesn't like this hotel, that person doesn't like anything.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CABeachBrat
<Content>Top Level Perfection My husband and I have stayed at the Royal Magda previously, and have come to expect a level of service second to none, and we were not disappointed this time, either.The rooms are large, lots of windows, there's a separate area for relaxing, room service was delivered hot and fresh to our door within 5 minutes of placing our order. The staff is professional, polished, not too familiar, perfect!I highly recommend this hotel to families, couples, and folks traveling solo. I shared experiences with several other guests, including a family and a single woman travelling alone, and they raved as much as I did.My husband and I will be back for our anniversary next year!!Do yourself a favor - if you want to simply enjoy Paris and not worry about your accomodation, book a room at this lovely hotel.....  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>melindubai
<Content>Charming, fantastic location We had a brillant stay at this delightful hotel. The staff are extremely helpful and patient with our basic french!! The location is absolutely perfect...a quick walk to the metro station, the arc de triomphe and the Champs Elysees. There is a gorgeous bakery on the corner where we ate breakfast each morning....french pastries are delicious. The room was small but well appointed and furnished to a high standard. Highly recommended family or couple's hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LovedParis
<Content>Very French, Very Nice Great hotel. Our first trip to France, and they were very accomodating. We arrived at about 9:00 AM, I had asked for an early check in and they were very accomodating, had us checked in within 5 minutes. Very helpful with directions, and in securing a reasonably priced shuttle back to the airport. (Much cheaper 34euros, than what I booked to come to the hotel over the internet.) Hotel was very clean, bathroom was small, but we expected that. We stayed in room 214, usually took the stairs, unless our excursions had us totally exhausted. Elevator was broken (as they said, Out of Work) for one day, but no big deal. Great location, nice lobby to sit and read the paper and have a glass of wine - which was reasonable at 5 euros. Only thing that I would have wished was for better internet access, I used the access to the Club Etoile across the street (great connection from the lobby), but would have paid more to get wireless access.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Lizziepbe
<Content>Good, Safe Location I stayed here with my Mum for three nights towards the end of July. We were put into room 112, which was cramped and I wonder if this was because we booked from the UK? The hotel was spotless, a great breakfast was served, and the staff we had dealings with were all very helpful.The location could not be better - a stone's throw from the Arc De Triomphe, a short walk to the metro and a 'nice' area. As two women we felt very comfortable walking around the streets near the hotel, although we didn't venture out late at night - we were too tired from all the sightseeing!I would definitely come back here, but would ask for a different, larger room next time.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>shame510
<Content>Royal Magda did the job! My husband and I stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon in France. This hotel was excellent. The room was a little small but it had a balcony and it was nice to sit out there. The bed was extremely comfortable, it called us every afternoon to take a nap. The hotel was very clean and I loved the updated decor. The staff were the most polite and friendly staff we encountered during our whole 2 week trip. The location is very close to the Arch de Triomphe. There are also many metro stops close by. I preferred the first hotel we stayed at (Hotel De Varenne) only because the location was better and it was easier to walk to many attractions. We did not have breakfast because like many other hotels, it was a bit pricey and it's better and cheaper to grab something on the street.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MiriamW
<Content>Flore is the best !! Flore took care of our reservations and of our needs at the Magda Hotel and she is the best ! We just came back from spending 5 nights there and enjoyed it very much.The location was excellent ,and the service was superb. i would recommendthis hotel to anyone !!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marcie5295
<Content>Loved the Royal Magda Etoile We loved this hotel for the location and the hotel itself. It is just a few short blocks from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees, which is a direct line to all of the other beautiful sights of Paris. It is also close to restaurants, cafes and neighborhood shops.The hotel itself was clean, very comfortable, and the staff was very helpful and courteous. We have stayed at other hotels in Paris, but the Royal Magda was the best experience of all. The rooms were modern, quiet, and the beds were comfortable. What more could you ask for? Oh yes, the price was also very reasonable, especially for Europe. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vhtraveler
<Content>A Great Find I was so pleased with this hotel and do not have one single negative comment about it!! I stayed here in mid-July with my teenage daughter and her friend, both are hard to please consumers and even they loved it. The price is great, the location could not be better - so close to everything, but on a side street so it is very quiet. We stayed in a suite which, although a tad small by American standards, was immaculate and incredibly comfortable. The bathroom was big and the shower was better than ours at home. The staff was so friendly and helpful, they went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. I would definitely stay here again and have already recommended it to friends. Oh and that small elevator everyone mentions...it is small but it is modern and fast.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bookieboo
<Content>Great little hotel My partner and I booked a night's stay at the Royal Magda Etoile Hotel. The hotel is in a great location, as it is no more than two minutes walk from the Arc de Triumph and the nearest Metro station.We were lucky to be upgraded to a suite, which was very clean and comfortable, though maybe small by Western standards.The hotel was great value and exactly what we wanted for a weekend's stay in Paris. We would definitely use it again on our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>PENNYTHEBEAST
<Content>Bravo Hotel Magda! I had confidence about this hotel from the reviews. There are many boutique hotels in the same area, most of them three star, all look inviting and lovely. However, I can only tell you about Royal Magda as that's where we slept for four nights.Traveling with two children we had a room/studio with a sofa bed for the kiddies and a queen bed for us. The rooms could however be completely closed off, if privacy was needed. The studio was lovely, very, very clean, inviting, perfect. Studio had mini bar, both rooms had TV's.........however, apart from CNN and BBC news, all the channels were French, no option to order movies.Where the Magda excelled (and we've stayed in some of the very best hotels in the world) was the concierge and service. Firstly, breakfast continued till noon, and without any extra cost you can have it served in your room. Its a continental breakfast, pastries, cold meats, cheeses, juices and hot drinks, very fresh, very yummy.Location, location, location, five mins to Champs Elysee and the Arch de Triomph. two mins to a McDonalds.........and the very delicious McFlurries (sorry). Across the street, there was a very unassuming Chinese restaurant. After eating lunch at The Jules Verne (Eiffel Tower) we popped in here for an easy dinner, it was in fact one of our best meals we had in all our travels (ouch!), a very good Chinese.The ladies and gentlemen at reception, all very helpful and professional. All very sweet to our girls. A calming influence on the whole hotel.The most amazing thing that I was delighted with, after being to Paris a handful of times prior. The Magda was quiet at night. Silent. One night some teenagers left there window open and were chatting......the noise did travel, but they were soon told to close their window and make good use of the A/C.I rated this hotel with the full five stars, because I found absolutely no fault in it. I thought it was a steal at the cost, a terrific find (thanks to Trip advisor), a perfect solution to enjoying Paris to it fullest! Bravo Hotel Magda.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LanceScotland
<Content>Romantic, very pleasant stay We've just returned today (30th July) from a 4 night break. We loved this hotel. Booked it up from trip advisor reviews and were pleased with the results. We had a club room on front of street, Paris rooms and lifts to floors are compact so do not expect lots of space, for us it was perfect. Very close by to Air France bus which we used from CDG airport which took around 45 mins. Lots of bistros, etc all around and easy walking distance to metros. Staff very helpful - just tell them what you're looking for and they'll help (even before your stay by e-mail)! We asked for a room on the front and yes it can be a bit noiser at weekends but soundproofing is good and actually we loved it, we felt very much part of it! Well worth a visit to this modern and perfectly formed small hotel. PS: breakfast is not included and is 12 euros per person - we actually just got breakfast out at local bakeries which cost us half the price, also bistros are cheaper to eat in than restaurants and try the specials of the day!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>politetraveller21
<Content>Very Disappointing! Have just returned from spending 3 nights at Royal Magda ,I cannot help wondering if I stayed in the same hotel as some of the other reviewers! I booked this hotel because of all the positive reviews I read on Tripadvisor but my experience has left me somewh\t perplexed! Yes the hotel is spotlessly clean and the location is perfect but the Reception Staff ( Flore in particular) could not have been more unfriendly and unhelpful. The cleaning staff and breakfast staff were very friendly and polite and the gentleman on the reception desk at night was very helpful and obliging.The first problem arose when I asked Flore if she could suggest a restauramnt in the Pont Neuf area as we were gong on the Seine Cruise that evening and it departed from that area. I was amazed when her answer was no she did not know any restaurants in that area! Normally we would check out the net for restaurants but because I was led to believe that she was so helpful to other guests I decided to ask her. We eventually found our own restautant on the net!When we returned that evening I asked Flore if I could take a jug of iced water up to our room. She replied by asking me if I knew there was water in the minibar. Yes I did know but it was a jug of fresh water that I wanted and not bottled water as we had been drinking fresh water in the restaurants since we arrive. She returned with a litre bottle of water and said she would put it on our bill! She kept to her word and we were charged 3Euro on check out!The following evening I asked the night porter for the same jug of iced water and he duly obliged without hesitation!We are not loud or demanding customers and therefore I could not understand the indifference which we experienced. I have never felt so unwelcome in a hotel before and unfortunately although Paris was wonderful this experience has somewhat spoilt the memory.I was very angry when I returned home to discover my daughters were equally upset at our experience as they had arranged the trip for us to celebrate our wedding anniversary and had emailed the hotel to tell them this and to ask them if they could ensure that the trip was a good one. They recieved a reply from Yohan stating that they looked forward to welcoming us and would do their best to make our stay a pleasent one!!!!!!I will not be recommending this hotel to anyone in the future and when I return to Paris I am positive I will find an equally clean hotel with an equally good location but with a welcome!Just a few suggestions for anyone travelling to Paris. If you are taking a Seine Cruise the Vedettes du Pont Neuf are excellent and very good value. Two really good restaurants are Chez Clement (a chain of about 12 restaurants in various areas in Paris. We went twice to the one on the Champs Elysses and found excellend value and great food and if using the open top bus the Bus Rouge is great but the Open Bus (yellow one) is a bit dearer but stops in more places of interest to let passengers off.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>LSimpson
<Content>Friendly, charming and a solid value       Room 412  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tfitzp
<Content>Great Stay Like most other people on this site, we booked this hotel on the strength of the comments made by previous travellers - and like them were very happy with the choice we made.We spent 4 nights here at the beginning of July and without doubt one of it's great advantages is it's location - a few minutes walk from a Metro station and the Champs Elysees.We found all the staff very helpful and although the room was small, it was spotless.Our room was on the second floor, overlooking the Rue Troyon, and the only negative we had was that it was a bit noisy due to late night music from one of the nearby buildings - not sure which one.Apart from that we would definately stay there again - but would ask for a room at the back.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnPAncaster
<Content>Great little hotel Great little hotel. Spotlessly clean; can't emphasize that enough. Good internet, which meant that we could keep in touch with our kids at camp in Canada... Elevator was small, as was our room and wc, but we slept in EVERY DAY, which my husband and I never do, and July sales were splendid and close, as was the Metro/RER, which was terrific--don't be afraid of the Metro...you won't believe how convenient it is!! Stayed 5 days here, and 5 at another (Guidebook-recommended, Latin Quarter) hotel, and missed the Royal Magda, and, in particular, the air conditioning, which many hotels in Paris do not have (if not advertised, it's not there!) There's a great cigar club just a few blocks away, with live music, and Rue Ternne has shopping (off the tourist radar) and patisseries not to be missed. --A. and P. from Ancaster, Ontario  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ETolan
<Content>Great location - lovely small Parisien hotel. We thought this was a great hotel - as others have said, the location was perfect and we only had one metro change on our way from Charles de Gaulle airport which left us almost on the corner of the street that the hotel was on - a stone's throw from the Arc de Triomphe. Check-in went smoothly, and the room was spotlessly clean and had all the comforts you would expect - mini bar, cable tv, spacious bathroom etc.The staff were friendly and able to give recommendations for nearby restaurants, and there were no problems leaving our bags after we had checked out, as our flight was in the evening.Breakfast was........ok. I just thought that E24 each was a bit steep for what you got. I know - its Paris and everything is expensive - but really, cereal/toast/croissants? I wasn't convinced it was good value. We tried it the first morning, but the second morning we went to one of the nearby cafes and had coffees and croissants while watching the world go by which is what being in Paris is all about!I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and will definitely book again the next time I go to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>GranbyMike
<Content>Great small hotel with an unbeatable location       Flore, front desk agent extraordinaire  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NYmmouse
<Content>hidden cost after reading the reviews I booked this hotel for 126 euros on travelocity. When I got my confirmation email from travelocity I found out I would be charged an extra 24 euros for breakfast regardless if I wanted it or not...cancelled the reservations  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taylormo
<Content>Great location!       View of the room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>doctorrod
<Content>Nice people,tiny everything Just spent 3 nights at this hotel which I booked based on the high reviews by Tripadvisor.The best thing going for this hotel is the location and front desk staff.The staff ( Yohan and Flo) are very nice and accomodating. They helped us with tour reservations, restaurants, etc. They also upgraded us one of the 3 nights we were there to a siute when I complained about the double room I had.The double room was basically a twin bed for 2.This I was supposed to share with a 14 year old teenager. Not a pretty site.This takes me to my main complaint: everything is tiny at this hotel. The rooms, the bathrooms, the elevator (no elevator to the 2nd floor) are all extremely small.If you are handicapped or extremely obese do not go here.As for me, I will look somewhre else next time I go to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>joy4me2travel
<Content>Location and service can't be beat I made this booking based on TripAdvisor comments, and was not disappointed. The location cannot be beat - a quick walk to the Arc de Triomphe and the Metro located beneath it. We were able to get anywhere in the city without a lot of transfers.Our room was large enough to manage our three adults (jr. suite) and we had absolutely no noice issues as we were located on the courtyard. I slept on the fold-out couch and didn't have any sleeping issues (except oversleeping twice and getting late starts). The bathrooms were seperated - toilet in one, and shower/sink in other. The front desk staff was helpful - especially Flor, who guided us to great dining, shops and attractions. She was quick to offer me coffee while I relaxed in the lobby, and even gave me an ice cream bar from her personal stash while helping my girls (both 18) find great deals on clothing and accessories.If you are looking for fancy, try somewhere else. If you are looking for value, location and comfort - this is the place.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sgd73
<Content>Charming little hotel! The Royal Magda is a charming little hotel just a few hundred metres from the Arc D'Triomphe and very close to the Charles De Gaulle Etoile Metro (and RER) station. Whilst the rooms (on the 3rd floor) are small, they are clean and nicely appointed, with modern bathrooms. The front desk staff are excellent; very friendly and helpful and the breakfast (continental) is quite good. Bear in mind if you have large suitcases that the lift is absolutely tiny, so a few trips might be necessary to get more than one person to the room:) In terms of close amenities, there is a little supermarket around the corner where you can buy cheap bottled water etc.. whilst the Restaurant (En Flamme) on Rue Wagram (across the street at the end of Rue Troyon) is exceptional! (Try the Roast Chicken or, for a real treat, the Steak Tartare). Whilst it's a fairly long (but enjoyable) walk along the Champ Elysees to other landmarks (The Louvre, The Seine, various Bridges, Notre Dame, Le Conciergerie etc..) the close Metro and RER station make travelling a breeze. We found that catching the train to Chatalet Metro station was the most convenient stop close to major landmarks. Overall, can definitely recommend the Royal Magda as a charming, boutique hotel which is easily accessible by foot or train to a lot that Paris has to offer!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Great location - would stay again Picked this hotel from the reviews on Tripadvisor and was very happy with location, rooms, breakfast etc. The later at 鈧?2 is fine for the price. Had two rooms, bathrooms small but adequate. Staff friendly and helpful. Would stay again for location and value. Some noise from street and neighbouring rooms/buildings a small problem but not enough to keep one awake.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kevincanada
<Content>greatly overated       view from the room  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>TravelNut-SanDiego
<Content>Nice hotel but loud neighbors! We stayed here for three nights and booked it based on TripAdvisor reviews. We loved the location. Very convenient to just about anything you want to do in Paris. The rooms are clean and the hotel itself is nice. I agree with some of the users regarding how loud the hotel is. Anytime anyone flushed a toilet on a floor above us, we could hear the water rushing through the pipes in our room and anyone walking or talking in the hall could be heard very clearly.Noise in any hotel is to be expected but why I rated this hotel so low is the loud neighbors. There is some sort of private club next door and every night between 12:00-1:00am there was incredibly loud music and cheering. Not fun to be startled out of a sound sleep every night. Ear plugs would not even keep out that kind of noise.Our experience might have been better if we had not been in a room sharing the same wall with the club next door. If you do stay here, ask for a room in the middle!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>jtimhall
<Content>Nice Hotel, Perplexing Front Staff       Royal Magda from the Street  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BrowneDublin
<Content>great hotel we stayed only one night at this hotel. I wish we could have stayed longer. We had 2 rooms one standard  one junior suite. both were really clean  comfortable. the only difference between them was their size. the junior suite had a sofa  better closet space. the junior room also overlooked the courtyard. the staff are very friendly  helpful.the breakfast was really nice with more than enough to choose from and all very fresh.the location is great as well beside the Arc de Triomphe  Champs Elysee. The metro stop is just at the end of the street which was very convenientI would definitely return to this hotel  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Juleyjuls
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! I stayed for 4 nights at Royal Magda Etoile. It was wonderful. It was very centrally located with easy access to the metro. The staff was unbelievable! They were so friendly and when my luggage failed to arrive, they bent over backwards to do whatever they could to ensure its arrival. They even went so far as to ship it to me once it arrived after I had left the hotel, personally delivering it to DHL for pickup. They were fantastic! I would definitely stay here again. The hotel itself was clean and the rooms were nice. The bathrooms were completely updated. The hotel was quiet at night. There is a place to do laundry close by. I will stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tissie
<Content>Great Value The hotel is a great Paris find --- it is located near the Arc and convenient to a subway stop. While the hotel rooms are small, they are very clean, nicely decorated and bathrooms are modern. The staff is accomodating and helpful. Unlike some of the other comments, we did have the hotel breakfast each morning and found it to be very nice. On our next trip to Paris, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PineTree123
<Content>Loving the Hotel Royal Magda       Another view of the bed  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldwideTraveller38
<Content>Great hotel - strongly recommended! We (2 adults  2 kids) stayed here for one night in early June 2007, and really liked it. The location (beside the Arc de Triomphe) is perfect. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The family room, we were in, was very spacious by Paris standards. And the price was good too!Overall, I would strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RBB-7
<Content>Incredibly Honest treatment I was just reading the July 2007 issue of consumer reports. The Hotel reviews had a special section on High Fees- Guest gouging is on the rise article on page 13.  Also -Bottom Line magazine just had a top 10 list of ways that hotels add on extra charges.Here is my experience with the concierge (Yohan) at the Royal Magda Etoile in Paris. My wife an I were stuck in London and could not get on the Chunnel train because of a railyard fire in southern England. We were supposed to check in at the royal Magda and couldn't for obvious reasons. Orbitz was the booking agent and was impossible to reach by phone. I held on for 20 minutes (at $1.50 per) and was cut off. Second try - here is the Orbitz recorded message - (paraphrased)Don't call us anymore . There is bad weather on the East coast and we don't want to talk to you until tomorrow.I tried to have my concierge in London cancel the reservation in Paris by internet. He told me that he had. He hadn't , and even if he had ,the way that the Orbitz booking was worded - they would get all three days that we paid for anyway- around $640 whether we showed up in Paris or not.Here's where the story gets good. I called Yohan and said that we couldn't make the connection. He said (in perfect English) if you can get here tomorrow we'll take care of you (actually there were about 6 phone calls). Next day the Eurostar took us to Paris and Yohan true to his word gave us a room for 2 days at a terrific rate which we paid for. He also said that he had not received word that the Orbitz cancellation was official and that they might still be paid for our booking under the original contract. If they got paid by Orbitz they would refund our money (around $420). HUH? YEAH RIGHT!Well guess what? In May I get a call from Paris. It's Yohan. Mr. Bradshaw we have received payment from Orbitz - may I have your Card information so that we can issue you a refund?I received a full Mastercard credit two days later. My wifeand I are very grateful to Yohan in particular. We received spectacular treatment from him, but everyone was very nice at the hotel.. Not all Hotels are out to gouge you -The Royal Magda Etoile sure isn't. Their management is as honest as the day is long. We had a great stay but it was too short. Next time it will be for a week. It's a great location. We'll be back next March for sure. If you can get a room, do it on their website, or call Yohan direct. Don't waste your time with Orbitz but do stay at the Royal Magda Etoile. It's a gem!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lou_Aust
<Content>As good as expected On the basis of tripadvisor reviews and the location (close to Air France bus stop) we stayed here briefly in May. We checked in early after a long haul flight from Australia and were upgraded as our room was not ready. the suite was excellent; quiet, clean, light, tastefully furnished. the beds were comfortable, the staff pleasant. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pukamin
<Content>"Excellent hotel and great value" We just returned from a two night stay at the Royal Magda hotel and we found it to be one of the best, if not the best, of the hotels I had booked similar in size and class for our European vacation. The location was perfect, close to the the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees, as well as many restaurants, a boulangerie, and the metro. Our experience differed greatly from those of some other recent travellers. We arrived early and I had planned to check our luggage, but we were able to get into our room after a few minute wait. I had booked a junior suite for our family of four, which was sufficiently roomy and had a separate room with a pull-out sofa. The rooms were light and airy, with plenty of windows, air-conditioning, mini-fridge, and two televisions with CNN and BBC, both not available at any other hotel we had stayed in. The bathroom was large and beautiful. Everything was immaculately clean, and we were impressed by how quickly our rooms were cleaned, the beds made up, and our scattered belongings organized. My daughter had washed her skirt the night before and put it over a chair to dry, and we found it neatly hung up on the clothesline over the tub.The desk personnel patiently and politely answered my numerous questions, and made reservations for us at suggested (very nice) restaurants. The hotel elevator was not large enough for the four of us, but none of the elevators at the other five hotels we stayed at were either, so I did not find that to be a problem. We did not try the hotel breakfast because we did not want to pay extra, but there were plenty of places close by to get coffee and pastries, as well as a small grocery store not too far away for cheese and yogurt.The only minor complaint that I would have is that the bathtub has the the type of half shower divider wall that European bathrooms often have, which caused a few minor floods in the bathroom. Fortunately there were plenty of fluffy towels to soak up the puddles.The Royal Magda was the perfect hotel to end our vacation with. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mia888
<Content>The reviews are true On the strength of the previous reviews, my husband and I booked the hotel for 8 nights in June for the French Open. We must say that the raving reviews were true and we found the hotel and its staff lived up to our expectation. The room is small but there is enough space to meet basic requirements. The bathroom is impressive and the shower is comforting. Free internet access is a gem and was what we needed most for our particular trip. Yohan speaks perfect English and was most helpful. The location could not be better with the nearby metro station and numerous choices of buse lines. We did not sample the hotel breakfast as there are supermarkets, fruit markets, fast-food and a large number of restaurants in the neighbourhood. The Air France bus from the airport stops in the next street and is most convenient to us even with heavy luggage. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and consider it good value for money in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SueJenkins
<Content>Excellent Location, Average Hotel My husband and I booked this hotel for 4 nights for my birthday after reading the wonderful reviews and were somewhat disappointed with the Royal Magda. Having stayed there, it is a good value hotel, which was clean and in an excellent location.The rooms were very small and the bathroom tiny . We were on the fourth floor and could hear the family in the next rooms. There were only 3 pillows so had to take turns for the third pillow, the area to store all your clothes was extremely small and the space between the bed and the furniture and walls was so limited that it was difficult for the two of us to pass each other and we are not particularly big!Location: excellent. A short distance from the from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe. This was the best feature of the hotel, in our opinion.Customer Service: Johan was very friendly and helpful although when I booked the hotel - their website stated that there was a late checkout facility, when we asked we were informed that we had to be out of our room by 12.30 at the latest. I asked the night clerk if there was somewhere we could wash and change before leaving for the airport and we were told 'no', although when we asked Johan again when checking out he did say we could use the toilets on the ground floor.Extras: We did not try the 12 euro/day breakfast, as there were very good brasseries in the local area. The lift was small, and only really held one person and a suitcase or two adults. I'd recommend the Royal Magda for budget travellers looking for a clean hotel for a good price. I just can't give this hotel the rave reviews that everyone else has. It wasn't one of the best hotel experiences we've had.Just a recommendation for other travellers staying here - try the Bistro Du 17 restaurant which is probably about 10 minutes walk away at 108 avenue de villiers. A excellent three course meal with a bottle of wine between two people is 34 euros per per person and is excellent.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lolaandfelix
<Content>truely disappointed I must say this hotel was quite a disappointment compared to the accolades received on tripadvisor.There was no help with the luggage to the room, elevator was tiny, and could fit one person and one piece of luggage.My room was so small, I could barely move around. The shower stall was also very small.The location was out of the way for all my activities. I was just totally disappointed with the whole experience.I would never stay at this hotel again.The only positive thing about the hotel was the air conditioning, it worked and it was adapted to each room.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>c4948
<Content>Great Service! Location - Walking distance to the Arc de Triomphe, Champps Elysees, and metro stations. Relatively quiet streets after 11:00PM.Accommodations - normal size rooms for the area that were very clean with a large bathroom that had sparkling tile and facilities.Food - breakfast was a buffet with cereals, meats, cheeses, fruit, breads and pastries. It included juice, coffee, and tea. It was very attractive and fresh.Service - Very accommodating staff with restaurant recommendations, walking directions as needed, luggage service and any thing we asked for. All spoke english very well and were pleasant to talk to.Price/value - competitive with other similar class hotels that we looked at. The value was excellent due to the service and accommodations provided.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>michaelgould
<Content>great hotel...ideal location stayed at this great hotel first week of June......When we arrived the room was not ready....returned an hour later to find we had been upgraded to a small suite....great start to our trip.....this hotel is more than comfortable it has a feel of ellegence for a hotel of this size and class....The staff were very helpful and always had time for any stupid questions we might ask ......I am not in the least supprised it No 3 on this site.......have just recomended it to my 74 year old motherThe position is perfect.....2 min walk to the Arch.......but unfortunetly for my credit card only 5 min walk to the flagship Louis Vuitton shop (but my girlfriend was happy)If your looking for a small,clean middle price hotel you will not find better in Paris  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Kona05
<Content>Another Positive Review We stayed at Royal Madga Etoile for three night from 5/27. We arrived around 9am, but the room was not ready as expected, so they offered to keep the luggage while we enjoy the sightseeing in Paris. After returning in the afternoon, they upgraded us to the Jr. Suite from the Club room, which was spacious and delightful. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, however, we enjoyed having their coffee in the morning for 3.5euros when we get up in the early morning (jetlag) as we realized most local restaurants are closed until 8~9am. Their coffee is more American style with generous portion as compared to all other hotels/restaurants we've visited during our entire trip. The coffee that we had in our room was served in a tray with a cup and a single-serving pot that was nice and hot.One day, we left our room around 8am for breakfast across the street and returned a little before 9am. As we walk toward our room, we noticed our door was open for room cleaning. Since we needed to get ready for our plan for the day, we were going to ask her to leave the room as is, but she said the room is already cleaned and she was just getting ready to leave.As we went inside the room, I could not believe how efficiently she had cleaned and organized the room! I mean, when we left, our room was a complete mess - shoes, socks, shirts, books, coins, sunglasses, candy wraps all over the place - as we were going to clean up ourselves after coming back from our breakfast. She managed to fold our clothes, stack books, arrange shoes, neatly put sunglasses and coins on the table, etc. As embarassing as it was, she did an amazing job and we were extremely impressed. In-room refrigerator was very convenient. We put some cheese and wine that we had bought from the nearby supermarket. The available English TV channels were CNN International and BBC World, but six other hotels we stayed during our France trip had only CNN if any, and it really didn't matter to us anyway because after a long day of exploring, we were dead tired and went to bed early right after coming back from dinner. Overall, we enjoyed staying at Royal Magda Etoile and definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for affordable, friendly , English-fluent hotel with convenient Metro access .  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadianseh101
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location We stayed at the Royal Magda for 3 nights at the beginning of June and I must say it was even better than I had expected.  The room we were in was on the 4th floor and although the elevator was small it was adequate. The room was small but clean, the bathroom was nice and freshly re-modeled, all we needed was there. Size doesn't really matter because we didn't come to Paris to sit in our hotel room all day, it was just a place to crash. We did find the breakfast a bit pricey for what we got, 12 euros each was a lot, though the coffee was great and it gave us a good start to our day of touring. Staff very polite and accomodating. Front desk staff were very helpful on all of the shifts, recommending restaurants to go to and giving directions to sites that we wanted to see.One of the best features about this hotel is the location, couldn't get better for this price!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Eihtball99
<Content>Good Value, Great Location, Average Hotel Overall We were somewhat disappointed with the Royal Magda.I have to be honest...when I read all of the wonderful reviews, I thought this would be one of the best hotels in Europe. Having stayed there, it is a great value, but nothing to write home about. I'm still scratching my head that the Royal Magda won a Traveler's Choice award.Rooms: We switched rooms midway through the stay, to get a higher, quieter room. The street noise from the first floor is definitely noticeable, and the hotel is very old - you will know exactly when the folks above you are up and about.The rooms were small, as we expected, and there was a very heavy smell of smoke. (Not a big surprise in Paris) The bathroom was very clean, yet the shower had a door that only extended 1/2 way, so the bathroom kept getting soaked. Not a big deal, just not expected in such a highly rated hotel.Location: Fantastic. Two blocks from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station, on the metro. A stone's throw from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe. This was the best feature of the hotel, in our opinion.Customer Service: Johan and Flor were very friendly and accommodating. The night desk clerk was somewhat pushy and unfriendly. We wanted directions to a laundrette, and all he'd tell us was how to use their (expensive) cleaning service.Extras: We opted out of the 12 euro/day breakfast, as there were way to many brasseries in the local area. The lift was small, but worked great when lugging us up to the fifth floor. Oh, and the TV carried two English stations: BBC and CNN. It would've been great to have a non-news English station, for winding down at bedtime.Finally, I noticed in many of the other reviews for the Royal Magda, the reviewers had been given a free upgrade to a Junior Suite. I'm almost curious if this didn't skew the reviews, slightly. We weren't upgraded, so maybe our experience was a bit different than others.I'd recommend the Royal Magda for budget travelers looking for a clean hotel for a good price. I just can't give this hotel the rave reviews that everyone else has. It wasn't one of the best hotel experiences we've had.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ReitredTraveller
<Content>Yoiu Won't be Disappointed I would like to recommend the Royal Magda to the many travelers who have previously had a 鈥渂ad鈥?experience in a Parisian hotel. Rest assured that your stay here will be a memorable one for all the right reasons. I am a retired Travel Agent and I have had the luxury of staying in a number of fine hotels all over the world. I selected this property based on the number of excellent reviews I found here on the Trip Advisor site. I was pleasantly surprised to find that this hotel lives up to and even surpasses its reputation. It offers exceptional value for the money. While we were there in May the majority of guests were repeat European vacationers and business people who clearly knew that the Royal Magda was a 鈥済em.鈥?The staff are pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable. The rooms are quiet and well maintained. The mattresses are firm and comfortable. The hotel is easy to find and within easy walking distance of a number of attractions and the safe and inexpensive subway is very close by when needed. Remember Paris is a city for strolling and sightseeing. The European style breakfast was excellent with a variety of choice and excellent coffee. In all I cannot think of anything that needs to be improved upon.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shaunyboy
<Content>The perfect hotel for a perfect weekend. I took my girlfriend to Paris for her birthday at the end of April, and it was her first time there. We were staying at the Royal Magda and I had phoned ahead beforehand to make sure the booking was confirmed as I wanted everything to run smoothly as I planned on proposing to her on the first night. Any initial worries were soon allayed. When we arrived, we found out that we had been upgraded to a junior suite. The room was great and we absolutley loved it. It was very clean and spacious with the added benefit of a bath where we soaked away the muscle strains from all the walking around Paris with a few bottles of wine. Flore, Yohan and Kase (Sorry if I didn't spell the names right) were excellent and really helpful too. Kase was able to recommend some really good restaurants, one where the steak was to die for. And it became a running joke with us asking him every night where we were going to go that evening to eat. Yohan was equally helpful, especially when he had to phone round to book some shows. I also have to say a big thank you to Flore who had arranged the upgrade, and managed to keep quiet about the proposal until after I had popped the question.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Paris, and we cannot wait to go back again. Thanks to everybody who made our weekend so special. We will never forget it. By the way, she said 'Yes'.Best wishes,Shaun and Jo, London  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ESKERNE
<Content>Excellent Service, Flore The Best Resceptionist In The World, Cleanest Rooms The lovely woman Flor who is always with a big smile in reception, who treats her clients like if they were their own family, should win a tourism award for the most hospitable person on the planet. She is a gem. She is a bright, sparkling person.Our room was spacious and carefully decorated. Carefully pressed linens -- and the bathroom very large with thoughtful touches, a very large shower, everything whistle clean. This place is so much more than a three star hotel. Flor went out of their way to make us feel at home, comfortable and cosseted. She enthusiastically gave us recommendations and tips for enjoying Paris If you're planning on booking in the Hotel Magda, do it fast. For all the right reasons, this place fills up quickly. I would stay here again in a flash.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelduck111
<Content>A Class Act We recently had a one night fantastic stay at this classy hotel. Our journey began in Atlanta with a flight to Paris through Boston. We arrived in Paris after a cramped Air France flight where I wore the seat in front of me in my lap for six hours. Exhausted, we arrived at the hotel at 8:00 a.m. and was advised (not surprisingly) that our junior suite was not ready. I asked if we could leave our bags at the desk while we wait for the room. To our delight, Flore upgraded us to a suite and checked us in immediately. We went to sleep until noon and then had a full restful day in Paris. Without this gesture, we would have been tired throughout the day. A class act from this hotel. The hotel is absolutely spotless - not a crumb any place we looked. The furnishings are nice and comfortable. The bathroom and shower were great and I only made a tiny mess. The location is a quick walk from the AirFrance Bus stop and a stone's throw from the Arc de Triumphe. The hotel arranged dinner reservations for us at Cafe de L'Homme with a great view of the Eiffel tower at dusk. Outside the restaurant is the absolute best view of the Eiffel Tower. How about some Travelduck (Le Travelduck) tips for you?1. Take the AirFrance Bus from CDG to the Arc de Triumphe stop. I suggest you 'Google Earth' the hotel location. You will see the AirFrance buses and know your exact route to the hotel from the bus. Follow that tip and you will not get lost. If you are flying Delta from Atlanta or Boston, the bus stop at CDG is right outside baggage claim. Cost is 20 euro rt per person. 2. Cafe de L'Homme was great but not all tables have an Eiffel Tower view. It was raining so we could not sit outside and there are only about 2-3 tables right near the window. I guess my wife and I were not chic enough to get one of those tables but it was still a great dinner.3. Take the boat rides down the Seine River - save some walking and enjoy the ride.4. Get to the Eiffel Tower very early (like 8:30 a.m.) if you want to go to the top. Lines are very long!5. Enjoy a nice crepe during your stay in Paris. Be careful because the crepes are very hot when handed to you. The rude guy making my crepe (he told me to zip it after I repeated my order) shoved the crepe in my hand and made me spill my coffee. I left it there (bad duck).6. If you have a five hour layover in chilly Boston (like us), do not drag your wife all over the city searching for a crabcake sandwich. It will make a rough start to your trip - lucky we were going to Paris which ended the bad mood quick!Have a great stay at the Royal Magda and in Paris. I highly recommend it. Contact me for any further advise!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GapRancher
<Content>An excellent hotel This is an excellent hotel. The rooms are very clean. The staff is very professional, yet very friendly and accomodating of service requests. The location is superb....one block to Metro station and two blocks from Arc de Triumph, and on a very quiet side street. A taxi stand is also two blocks away.There are many good restaurants in the area. The fixed fee breakfast is the best we had in two weeks of travel for the same price as others charged, and English language newspapers are available each morning for free. The TV also has English channels for news (CNN and BBC). If it had an English movie channel as well it would be even better, but not to complain.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TurkishTripper
<Content>The Cleanest Hotel-Will Stay Again If Come To Paris I've stayed in this hotel in May 2007 with my wife and 4-year child. I've decided to book in here after reading magnificent feedbacks. The position of the hotel is great. 1/2 minute to Arc De Triomphe, 2 mins to the start of Champs-Elysee. I've come to here from Disneyland directly with no train-change. I have to say that it's the cleanest hotel I've ever seen. The bathroom is shining. There is wired high speed free internet connection. If you don't have network cable, the reception gives you one. The breakfast are OK for my family. As we have stayed in Junior Room, the space is very enough for us. There is a safe in the room. The onyle extraordinary thing was the doors have classical keys which you have to lock. But this gives extra reliability other than electronic cards:) Everything was wonderful.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>emmaAustralia
<Content>Perfect Position In Paris My husband and I stayed at the Royal Magda for 8 days in May and booked this hotel based on the mountains of positive reviews on this site. We were very pleased that we listened to our wise 'travel-advisors' because the hotel exceeded our expectations. Firstly, it is in a wonderful spot - very close to the metro and you could throw a 'euro' and hit 'The Arc'. Of course it is very, very, very touristy....but then we were tourists after all..although sometimes I had difficulty finding a french person amongst the throngs of Americans and Japanese...could be a turn-off to some.The staff were lovely - so helpful, the rooms were lovely and well-appointed(and not a bad size - I've had smaller in New York). The breakfast was also worth it - for us anyway. Yes 12 euro sounds alot (we had to convert to Australian dollars - so it is a PAINFUL process) but it was worth every cent...my husband putaway 3 coffees, cereal and 4-5 pastries every morning which would have set us back alot more than 12 euros on the street. The breakie is on until midday (and they don't seem to mind if you slip back later in the morning for another cup of coffee) and they will deliver it to your room if so desired.My only criticism (and it is a bit sad) is that the only english speaking channel was CBS (or some other American cable news program) - they had 2 great movie channels.. dubbed into French. Just one movie channel - even with subtitles would've been nice. Although France did elect a new President whilst we were there and due to the limited TV options we came home experts in French politics!!!Overall a great little boutique hotel that I would and already have recommended (to my parents for there next trip to Europe.) HOpe this is helpful!!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OaklandMags
<Content>Sweet Spot in Paris Lovely little spot right in the heart of Paris - walking distance to the Champs Elysse (very easy access to the metro). Restaurants cloeby are overpriced and not great, but again easy to get to everything from this central location. Hotel was clean, with well sized rooms. Very friendly and helpful staff. Very little smoke smell, though my over-sensitive husband noticed some. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>IndyTraveler007
<Content>Paris Is Always A Good Idea My son and I sent our Spring Break in Paris. For both of us it was an unforgettable experience. The staff at Hotel Royal Magda helped make that experience even more special. They were always helpful with direction or diner recommendation. The hotel itself was clean and well maintained. It is very cozy which we did not mind since we spent most of our time exploring Paris. We were only a few blocks from a centralized Metro station directly under the Arc de Triomphe. When our daughter is a little older we will definitely come back. Thank You Flore!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tenpmix
<Content>Overbooked Royal Magda Etoile We booked the Royal Magda Etolie based on the excellent reviews that are posted on tripadvisor and so it is only right that I share a negative experience about this hotel. We booked our room months in advance and on the way to the airport I received a phone call from the hotel to say they had double booked our room and would move to a nearby hotel as it was easier to move a young couple than a family.To be fair they were very helpful we stayed a few streets away in thepleasant Hotel Balmoral and made up the difference in the room rate per night and offered us complimentary breakfast at the Magda Etoile.We had a great trip to Paris all considered but would have preferred not to have lost the first hour of our holiday being relocated and stressing on the plane about where we would be staying that night.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Angelpink
<Content>Lovely hotel, perfect location! Stayed here from 1st - 4th May for a girly getaway with my Mum and this was the perfect hotel. Hotel was so easy to find being just 2 streets away from the Air France pick up/drop off stop. We checked in at 10am without a problem. The room was spotless, yes as previously stated the rooms are very small but for the amount of time you spend in them they are perfect. The room had a mini bar which we emptied out onto the dresser and removed the shelves so we could keep water and more importantly wine in and the staff never had a problem with this as itwas all put back as it was before we checked out! The water pressure in the shower is superb, it really blasts the cobwebs away. The staffare brilliant, they speak excellent english and couldn't be more helpful. Location wise you couldn't ask for much better 2 min walk from the Metro, the Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees and the Le Cars Rouge stop if you want an open top bus tour!The only negative point I would comment on is the fact that mirrors are positioned so far away from the wall sockets, so it's quite awkward if your using straightners/curling irons, we solved the problem by putting the mirror on the chair.One tip I would give is to do the Arc de Triomphe at night as the night views of the city are spectacular and in my opinion better thanthe Eiffel tower!!I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel and if I return to paris will definately stay here again!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kiwi_Mo_Auckland
<Content>Great Value Paris Hotel       Room 505  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>goodcookie
<Content>Tiny Room - Fantastic Location - Immaculately Clean  At the Royal Magda for 8 nights in April. The hotel was very accommodating -- we checked in at 10:00 AM wth no problem. The room was no larger than a closet. We booked a club room with 2 beds, thinking it would be a bit larger. The bathroom was adequately sized and almost brand new. The hotel was immaculate -- every inch of it. Yes the lift is good for 2 people but it's a lift and it works. Flor and Yohan were delightful and had excellent command of English which was most helpful when asking for directions.Everything good to say about this hotel except for the size of the room.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gustotobie
<Content>Outstanding staff, location and cleanliness My husband and I have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Royal Magda in a club room with large bed. The room was a bit smaller than we had expected but very comfortable and the ammenities certainly made up for the size.The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful with everything from directions to dinner recommendations...all of which were very good.Yohan was a lifesaver in assisting us with the necessary phone calls when we discovered our America Express card was lost. Thanks to Yohan, our vacation was saved! We loved the Royal Magda and recommend it highly.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaptCanuck
<Content>Overall a very good experience. My wife and I stayed at the Magda Etoile for 3 nights in April of 2007.The staff is friendly and responsive, and the room we had - and the hotel in general - is nicely decorated.We were upgraded to a junior suite upon arrival, which was a nice surprise. The room was still a bit on the small size, but then I looked at the floorplan for the entire floor, and realized that we'd really lucked out. The standard rooms are very, very small. If you can afford it, go for a junior suite at minimum.As well, the location of the hotel is excellent - only 1.5 blocks away from a key metro station. It also doesn't hurt that when you emerge from the metro station the first thing you see is the Arc du Triomphe! Very nice.One complaint that I have is that one of the staff talked us out of going to the Moulin Rouge in favour of the Lido. The Lido show was absolutely terrible - I've subsequently heard that the Moulin Rouge is much better - and we couldn't help but wonder if the recommendation was based on pocketing a larger referral fee from Lido when she booked our tickets. It was a fairly big issue to us, because the Lido show cost us 200 Euros, for an embarrasingly amaturish and tedious evening. We expected better advice from the hotel staff.All that said, that unfortunate incident does not stop us from giving the hotel 5/5. Just do yourself a favour and do your own trip research on Paris before going, because you won't be able to count on unbiased advice in a tourist oriented city like Paris.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MariusStrydom
<Content>What a great experience My family and I stayed in the Royal Magda on 17 and 18 April and had a really amazing time. The hotel has an excellent position, within 150m from the Arc de Triomphe. Great if you have a baby stroller.We had a family room and had our seven year-old and seven month-old sons staying with us. The room was large and perfect for our needs.The staff were great and went out of our their way to help us with all our needs. I would really like to commend Thibault and his team.The lack of stars (only 3) has nothing to do with a lack of quality, but more due to a lack of extras (that you often don't use in any case).We will most certainly be back as a family and I will also use the hotel if I come to Paris on business.Marius Strydom  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>AdamZach
<Content>Best location, staff, and price in Paris My husband and I enjoyed a five night stay at Royal Magda and loved the entire experience. Juliette, Flore and Johan were the people at the hotel who made our visit so enjoyable. The hotel is a stone's throw from the Arc d' Triomphe and the beautiful city of Paris is right beneath you!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Victoria_Cairns
<Content>Fantastic Value!       View From Balcony on 5th Floor - Left  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kjplanb
<Content>This is truly a Gem! My friend and I stayed at this hotel on the 19th of April. We were originally going to stay for two nights, but due to bad weather in the states we had to cancel our first night. The staff at this hotel is excellent and very accommodating! We canceled at last moment and they said they would try to rent out the room. They were not able to do this, but without even asking they upgraded us at no extra charge to a beautiful suite. It was clean, comfortable and had all the charm of Paris. The location is perfect. Flore (one of the front desk staff) is like having your own personal guide. If we got lost or had questions, we simply called Flore and she gave us perfect directions and recommendations in English that was superb. The location could NOT be better. The Metro is a minutes walk from the hotel.The breakfast was fabulous and I am looking forward to another stay at this hotel.We fell in love with Paris and we fell in love with the Hotel Royal Magda Etoile.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bob82SantaFeNM
<Content>Nice Handy Little Hotel Comfortable small hotel on quiet street in historic building adjacent to the Arc de Triomphe. Desk personnel excellent and informative. Well appointed room with hotel safe. Excellent breakfast buffet. Within walking distance of Eiffel Tower and easy Metro transport to tourist attractions in central Paris.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>beeny630
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Royal Magda April 9th to the 11th and had a wonderful time in Paris. We stayed in a club room-large bed and we were very pleased. The price was reasonable and our room was clean, bed was comfortable, and the shower had great water pressure. Location was great - the hotel was off the beaten path just enough to be a nice quiet location but still only a short walk to the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysees and access to the Metro to go anywhere else in the city. Staff was very friendly and helpful- our arrival to Paris was early in the morning and our room was not quite ready, but Flore was kind enough to let us leave our bags at the hotel while we went sightseeing (did the same on the day we were leaving because our return flight was late and we still had more sights we wanted to see).I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris and we will certainly stay here again if we ever had the opportunity to see Paris again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigT71
<Content>Great Hotel Well the reviews cover it all really:Great LocationQuiet enoughSmall Lift (big Deal!)Small Rooms (cant complain for the price in Paris)Great ServiceWe stayed 8 nights from 13th April and had a great time. The room was comfortable as was the bed, it was well decorated, very clean and modern with a small flat screen TV. Only a couple of English channels but you don't really go to Paris to watch TV!Flore and Yohan at reception were exceptional. They provided me with lots of restaurant recommendations before arrival and made bookings for me, i drove them mad but they were always happy to help.I cant recommend this hotel highly enough and when i return to Paris I will stay there, well deserving of its ratings on Trip Advisor.A big thanks to Flore and Yohan!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OakvilleCanucks
<Content>Great hotel       Friendly Flore  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>N.Davies
<Content>Nice hotel. Having read all the reviews on Tripadvisor, we choose Hotel Royal Magda.The hotel is convenient for the Metro and RER line at Charles de Gaule Etoile, which is a five minute walk.You do not need to be overly energetic to walk to the Champes Elysee, and the Eiffel Tower is probably twenty minutes walk from the hotel.The hotel is small with no more than 40 rooms. The rooms are in turn small but comfortable and very clean. The hotel resides in a side street just of the main boulevard Wagram which helps reduce noise etc.The price is very reasonable and we enjoyed our stay.Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>britmom
<Content>Enjoyed the Royal Magda We stayed at the Royal Magda for 2 nights. It was a great location, within 2 minutes walk of the L'Arc du Triomphe and the Metro. Being so close to the top of the Champs Elysee I had expected traffic noise - but the hotel is located down a side street and the area was very quiet. We are a family with 2 young children so we booked the family suite - one king bed and a pullout sofa bed. This worked well for us - our children are 7 and 10 - but may be limiting for older children. The staff, in particular Sebastian and Flore, were extremely helpful and the hotel and our room was very clean. There are plenty of places to eat around this area at reasonable prices. The only downside to this hotel is parking-the street parking is very tight. If you are flying into Paris avoid driving at all costs and use the excellent Metro system - it makes life much easier. As it was our first time in Paris and time was limited we hired a guide for the day, Michael Osman, (---) and he was excellent. Very knowledgable, great with the kids and took us everywhere we wanted to go and more.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrcarlisle
<Content>Great Hotel I picked this hotel because of the reviews on Trip Advisor, and was not dissapointed. It's everything previous visitors say it is, a special thanks to Flore who went out of her way to help. Would reccomend this hotel for your visit to Paris. We had heard about the rude French people, don't you believe that, we went all over Paris by subway and bus visited lots of shops, restrurant, markets and verious other places. Everyone was nice and eager to help which was a great help in our visit. While we were there April 9th to 15th.Melvin Carlisle  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Red123London
<Content>Good location The Royal Magda Etoile is situated very close to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees and it is within walking distance of most of the major attractions. The nearest metro station was the Charles de Gaulle Etoile, which made it easy to get to anywhere that wasn't within easy walking distance.It's true that the lift is small and our room was also on the small side but as we didn't spend a lot of time there this was not a problem. The walls were thin but we weren't particularly bothered by noise from our neighbors or from the street outside, which was reasonably quiet. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the shower was powerful. We didn't make use of the breakfast facilities but it was available until 12:00.I would recommend the Royal Magda for anyone visiting Paris and would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HollyHobbie
<Content>Loved it! Not much I can say about this fabulous hotel that hasn't been said already! Very convenient location - a few steps from Charles De Gaulle Etoile Metro station, the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Couldn't be better. Fantastic value for money - there were four of us and we shared a suite. Very comfortable. We decided to eat breakfast out just because we had so little time and wanted to experience as much as possible - so we breakfasted across the road at L'Etoile Restaurant . Breakfast was 9 Euros and well worth it for the excellent service and food. Wouldn't stay anywhere else than the Royal Magda in future. You won't be disappointed. Staff were lovely too, and very very helpful.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>phelan24647
<Content>Deserves its high rating Booked the Royal Magda based on feedback from a work colleague plus reviews on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. I was in Paris with my wife and my three yr old son.We booked a Club room with large bed and I was concerned that the room might be too small but it was perfect. As other reviewers have said, location is excellent, near Metro and RER to disneyland, plus its very close to a supermarket, fast food joints and cafes. We did'nt avail of breakfast in the hotel but tried Jacques on the corner of Rue Troyon and Avenue MacMahon and also Cafe Lateral on Ave MacMahon for breakfast. As we'd been to Paris before, we did'nt need to rely on the staff for advise but I'd echo other reviewers in saying how efficient they were when dealing with them.highly recommend this hotel and will be using it again when in Paris...  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frequent_fam_travel
<Content>Review Are All True- Fabulous!! This is my first time going on blind faith in the Tripadvisor reviews and I am so impressed! This hotel was very fresh and clean, spacious by Paris standards (we had a junior suite), and wonderfully located. The absolutely BEST thing about this property is those who work there!!!!! So incredibly kind and nice, not to mention perfect English speakers! Flora was amazing and even booked our dinner reservations and detailed my daughter's food allergies. She also typed this out for me in French so that we would have it everywhere during our stay. I will not go back to Paris if I don't stay there. I stayed in Paris 15 years ago and had a polar oppposite experience at my hotel. When we went downstairs on Easter morning the hotel had bags of chocolate for our kids. When we got back to our hotel housekeeping had left a leather box full of chocolate Easter eggs tied in a ribbon - only in Paris! It made our stay so relaxed and fun! THANK YOU!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AdelitaManchester
<Content>Birthday trip from heaven I took my boyfriend to Paris as a birthday surprise mid march 2007 and booked the Magda due to the great reviews I'd seen on here. WhenI called I mentioned that it was a special occasion and was overjoyedwhen we checked in to find we had been upgraded free of charge to thebest suite in the hotel.Our time in Paris would have not been half as amazing had it not beenfor the marvellous service we received in the hotel. Johan was beyondhelpful and got us a table in a wonderful restaurant overlooking the Seineand Eiffel Tower, when we stepped out of the taxi Johan had called for us we were beneath the Eiffel Tower that was sparkling with lights and lasers, it truly took our breath away and we would never have known to go here or been able to get a table ourselves. Johan offered to get tickets for a show but we didn't have long in Paris and they were quite expensive so we decided to leave it for another time.The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. This isn't a super trendy stylish hotel but it's was perfect for our intimate weekend away. Breakfast was lovely,not a bacon and eggs type affair but most importantly for me good quality coffee served in nice pots and a selection of cheeses, pastries, cereal and dried fruit/yogurt. We only ate breakfast in the hotel but when we came home from our meal we had cocktails in the bar with snacks and talked to the lovely night concierge who made our drinks and was really friendly and interesting. Much to our embarassment and inspite of the fact I studied French til A-Level and was once quite good at it we were beyond appauling when it came to speaking French, thankfully we were put to shame by the impeccable English spoken by Johan and his colleague on the night shift and pretty much every person we came into contact with. Nobody lived up to the snooty Parisian stereotype we were so hoping not to encounter on our first venture over the Channel.The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and we found the location to be ideal for getting to pretty much everywhere by foot, we only needed transport to and from the airport and for me in my stilettos on our big night out, other than that we walked everywhere.Our return flight was not until late in the evening and we were able to leave our luggage safe all day whilst we saw more of Paris which was a weight off our minds and shoulders.We both agreed that the service we received was without a doubt the best, and most personalised service we have ever received in a hotel.Without Johan's advice and help we could have ended up having a very different experience so we really do owe the success of our trip to him as he made my partner's birthday such a memorable one in many ways. Highly recommended!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chris65NewYorker
<Content>Happy we booked the Royal Magda My family of six, including three children and one senior, stayed at this great little hotel in late March through early April. It was a wonderful value for the money. We have only good things to say...the staff was patient and friendly (despite my rambunctious kids), the rooms were immaculate, and the location was fantastic. The Air France bus from the airport drops you off just two blocks away. The Metro is also two short blocks away, and the Arc/Champs De Elysee is right there. And if you're on a budget, try the restaurant right on the corner...have forgotten the name already, but it was a cafeteria-style restaurant with a price of 9.6 euro for a hot entree, drink, and dessert. You'll pass it on your way to and from the metro.The food is fine and the atmosphere is perfect if you're with kids, as it's a casual place with a relatively high tolerance for noise. Yes, the rooms (and elevator) are small compared to American standards, but aren't they all in Paris? Thank you, Yohan! The Vercelletto Family  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Bugs1012
<Content>Excellent hotel in Paris Just like everyone else, we had a great time at the Magda and would definitely go back. The highlight for us was ordering room service breakfast every morning, which was available from 7am to 12 noon at no extra cost. I cant remember the last time i stayed at a small hotel where breakfast was available that late :-)The reception staff were very helpful, recommending some excellent restaurants - you should definitely try one called La Grand Armee (or something like that) just about 5 mins walk away. Stylish with great food. Perhaps a little pricey compared to others in the area.The weather was also fantastic, but i dont think that was down to the hotel.We stayed in a junior suite on the 5th Floor. Well cleaned every day. Internet connection was reliable.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mark_in_Sweden
<Content>Excellent, like advertised Magda Etoile is great! I read these reviews while planning my trip, and the hotel did not let me down. It's small, but cozy and high quality. The front desk staff is excellent, again as advertised. Fleur, in particular was very sweet and professional.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chester100
<Content>Great location and staff We stayed at the Hotel Magda for 6 nights in late March early April 07. The location is excellent, being only a few minutes walk from the metro station (from which you can easily explore all of Paris' attractions), the Champs Elysees, the Arch de Triumph and plently of cafes and restaurants. The staff are very helpful, accomodating and courteous and they all speak English very well (which was great because my French is terrible). We stayed in a club room on the fourth floor, which consisted of 2 single beds. The room is very small (which is standard for Europe) but very clean, comfortable and quite adequate considering the very reasonable price. The room had a view of the street below and apartments opposite, and considering the central location of the hotel there was not a lot of noise. My partner did notice noise coming through the wall of neighbouring rooms, but this was minor.We had breakfast at the hotel, which consisted of coffee or tea (bottomless cup), cereals, fruit, cold cuts and an assortment of pastries. The breakfast costs extra, and although it seemed a bit expensive it was convenient and plentiful. However, we did notice quite a few cafes serving breakfast nearby, which looked like they would be viable options. I would happily stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CALove2travel23
<Content>Excellent value and great location! We have just returned from a three day stay at the Royal Magda. The hotel is modern and sophisticated in terms of decor. We were greeted by a friendly staff who seemed to be friendly to tourists who speak English. We stayed in a double room, which was small in comparison to the average American room, but quite cosy and included free internet access, a flat screen t.v. and a wonderful bathroom, equipped with a nice shower. Additionally we found the balcony to offer a wonderful respite and peek into parisian life. The street the Royal Magda is located on, is quiet but within walking distance to the Arc de Triumph, Champs-Elysees and the Metropolitan stop. Overall, for the value, there is nothing better. This hotel offers the best in amenities at a great location. Au revoir  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MicaBelfast
<Content>value for money I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in March 07' with my husband and young children and would recommend it for most travellers.The hotel undoubtedely has a fantastic location - literally turn the street corner and your faced with the Arc de Triomphe. The hotel is small, well run and clean with staff who are very helpful and pleasant. We booked a Junior Suite which was spacious with a large double bed and a very comfortable sofa bed. Unfortunately the rooms look out onto a small court yard but considering the price and the location, its not a big deal. The only other details that may need to be taken into consideration is that the lift is tiny and therefore more than one trip may be required for luggage/ prams etc. and the walls are a little on the thin side but these are very insignificant gripes when taking into account all the many positives the hotel has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llls
<Content>The best! We just returned from Paris yesterday and can't say enough good things about the hotel. The english speaking staff were friendlier than most american hotels. The hotel was clean and well organized, with Int'l Tribune and other papers available in the lobby daily. We were given a free upgrade and shared a small room on the 6th floor. The large window in the room opened on to the quiet street below and served as a wonderful oasis in the middle of Paris. Great location, we walked to breakfast daily and took taxis from the corner taxi stand to the Paris Flea Market. Restaurant suggestions made by the front desk were good and within walking distance. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>darrennelson
<Content>Good vist at the Magda            
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Czman
<Content>Good location My partner and I stayed at the Royal Magda Etoile for 2 nights. The hotel is in a very good location. Just one block from the Arc de Triomphe and the metro. Our room was very nice. We even had a small balcony and a window that could be opened. As Paris was having some very warm sunny weather the open windows were nice...especially at night.I failed to get his name, but the night concierge was very nice and helpful. We had an unbelieveably early wake up to catch a flight and he secured a taxi for us. I think staying at the Royal Magda Etoile is well worth the money. The location is very good. In fact, 3 or 4 blocks behind the hotel is a very good outdoor market with fresh foods and wine.Cheryl and Dorie  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>americanindijon
<Content>Loved the Magda I stayed with a friend at the Royal Magda Etoile for a few nights at the end of February. The first thing I liked was the location. It is so close to the Arc de Triomphe and the rest of the main sites in Paris that it saved a lot of travel time when we headed out to see the city. The front desk staff was extremely nice, very friendly and helpful. Also, the room looked exactly as it did on the hotel's website. It is the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Paris. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Relton14
<Content>Great Spot Booked this hotel for 2 nights for my wife鈥檚 birthday based on the reviews on this site and was not disappointed.On arrival we were upgraded to a bigger room which set the tone perfectly. The rooms were good size but most importantly spotless. The bathrooms were immaculate and the rooms had all the basic facilities.Although the hotel is not bang in the heart of the tourist areas ie. Latin Quarter, St Germain, Eiffel Tower etc, its proximity to the underground means it really doesn鈥檛 make that much of a difference as the nearest underground station is quite a large one and services the bulk of the tourist areas in a matter of minutes plus the area around the hotel is very good as well (2 min walk to Arc De Triumph).In addition to the quality of the hotel, the staff were amazingly helpful. Flore, who was on reception for most of the time we were there, helped us immensely, particularly by recommending some fantastic restaurants for the night of my wife鈥檚 birthday as I would have been lost otherwise. She was helpful to a fault and always happy which makes a big difference to guests.Given the value, quality of staff and location I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EMMD
<Content>Nice hotel, great location This hotel has a great location and extremely pleasant staff. We stayed in a club room which was fine - the large and spotlessly clean bathroom was a plus. Would definitely recommend this hotel as it's a great base for visiting the sights of Paris and also a good location for connections to and from Charles de Gaulle airport. The area around the Arc de Triomphe might not have the buzz of the Latin quarter or St Germain at night but there's a good selection of restaurants to choose from.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LawyermanNewYork
<Content>Better than Expected I just came back from 4 days in Paris with my wife and 2 teenage boys, and I must say, the hotel was much better than I expected. We had 2 rooms next to each other on the 6th floor, and fearing the worse (because I had heard horror stories about Parisian hotels), I was really happy to find 2 very clean and comfortable rooms. The hotel was in an excellent location, and the staff was wonderful...they made all of our restaurant reservations, and arranged for a birthday cake for my wife.We will certainly stay there on our next trip to Paris!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>nroffman
<Content>This is why you're on tripadvisor... You're reading this because you are looking for a great hotel at a reasonable price... The Royal Magda will not let you down. My wife and I and our two very young children (2,1) just returned from a week's stay at the Royal Magda, and it was a fantastic hotel. Johan is becoming famous, among the other talented employees at the hotel, precisely because he actually belongs in the hospitality industry, and is so extremely helpful. The rooms are nice, the neighborhood has nice bistros and bakeries very close to the hotel, and the metro is a block away. Basically, just trust this site - there's a reason so many people have written so glowingly about this place. Go and have a great time in a great city.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kalide
<Content>Very pleasant and comfortable stay - first time in paris Booked through venere.com at an excellent rate, we arrived sans baggage thanks to US Airways misconnects but our disappointment with our luggage quickly eroded when we checked in. The staff are extremely helpful and pleasant, with excellent english, and the hotel itself is cute, efficient in use of space and felt very comfortable. Nice comfortable yet firm mattress in our room and open windows that were tall balcony like so plenty of air. Quiet side street but main roads a few blocks away so some noise, but we are in a city.....Bathrooms and showers were very nice (good hot shower) and whilst the room was small, this is what you would expect for a decent inner city hotel. Fantastic location (Arc de Triomph), near RER/Metro lines, and right next to the Air France bus so getting to and from airport is trivially simple, timely and cheap. Theres a bar up the block and across the street open to 2am (La Flamme) expensive but nice for a late night night cap, though cocktails there were a bit low on the kick side :)We didnt try the breakfast or bar in the hotel - there are plenty of places in the city. Would I stay again ? Absolutely. Any newbies to Paris - hit the Marais area, latin Quarter, St Germain area, and spend time on foot as well as on metro for a quick intro to great city.-Mark  Heather  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wannatravelmuch
<Content>very nice I loved this hotel. it is simple but pretty. the bathrooms were spotless. the toilets are separate from the bathroom in the junior suite. comfortable size. only problem was that they told us when we got there that breakfast was included in the rates, and then they tried to charge us for it at the end of our stay, when they did not even take note of exactly who or how many ppl were having breakfast each day. we made a fuss and eventually they gave in. so other than that, it was a nice hotel with a nice location, easily accessible.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>SwedeSusie
<Content>Friendly and clean       Hotel room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>gofar
<Content>Great Staff and location At first we thought the location was a little off the beaten track,but once we discovered the Metro and how simple it was to use,we quickly changed our minds.It is is a commercial district with limited number of restaurants but very close to a Metro Station and all the shops .Museums and attractions are minutes away by Metro.The hotel itself is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful.We stayed in the larger Club Rooms as past experience of Parisian Hotels tell us that rooms in general tend to be very functional and small.The Club rooms were normal sized rooms with good room service,flat screen tv,mini bar etc.Close by we were referred to the Chez Clement Restaurant for a nice dinner and it was excellent.For a little fun try the Happy Hours in the various Latin Quarter pubs,located by Metro to St Michael District. Taxi service in Paris is poor so dont miss the last Metro at 12.30am.We skipped breakfast,as 鈧?2 per head was a little steep,and the breakfast area lacked atmosphere (looked like a train carriage).Plenty of nice breakfast eateries nearby.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kate&Jayne
<Content>Excellence in Paris We recently stayed here with friends. The hotel was conveniently located with easy access to the Metro it also offered good value for money.The hotel was very well appointed however the accommodation would have benefited from a mirror in the bedroom as the bathroom was small and therefore difficult for two to share.Breakfast was good with choice of cereals, breads,jams and cold meats and cheese.The star of the Hotel was Johan in Reception who was an excellent host and guide. Every recommendation was outstanding, nothing was too much trouble for him.You need to stay at the Royal Magda soon before he gets a job at the George V or the Ritz !!!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vikingstad
<Content>Royal Magda Etoile reviews are true! What a lovely hotel, especially for 99 Euros a night in mid-January. The hotel is a mere block from the Arc de Triomphe and two blocks from the Air France Express Bus to CDG Airport. The service was friendly, and everyone spoke English when my French stumbled.I traveled solo for a long week-end holiday to the City of Lights. Although my room was small, it was certainly more than adequate enough for me. The sheets were soft and comfortable, the room and bathroom were immaculately serviced each day, and there was wireless internet access available. For such a small hotel, I was surprised to find that the hotel offers room service and a mini-bar (although I did not partake in either).The breakfast may be expensive for some at 12 Euros (it was not included in the room price I was quoted), but it consisted of a nice assortment of breads, croissants, cereals, yogurt, meats and cheeses. The breakfast area is quiet and comfortable--a nice place to plan your day over an endless cup of hot coffee.Overall, I find it hard to believe you can beat the value this hotel offers.HINT: Although most people would rather visit Paris during the spring and summer when Paris is in full bloom, don't neglect this city during the off months. Airfares are a bargain (I paid $550 round-trip from Newark Liberty), the tourist sites are empty, and in January especially, all of the stores have great sales. Even with the weaker dollar, I spent over $300 on great deals at the Men's store Madelios.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JohnSterling
<Content>Everything we expected and more Have just returned from a Three day break in Paris. As always we looked on Tripadvisor to find the most suitable Hotel. The Royal Magda was just the job. Spotlessly clean rooms, recently refurbished, great location, and very professional and helpful staff. Nothing was too much trouble, and Johan on reception is excellent for recommendations of good restaurants to suit all tastes and pockets. The normal double rooms are a little 'bijou' but perfectly adequate and comfortable, with everything you need .(and very good value.) I think they have responded to some peoples earlier comments about breakfast and this now seems much improved with decent selection of meats,cheeses,cereals, fruit, yogurt, bread and croissants etc. plus selecton of teas, coffees and juices. All in all the perfect place for a visit to Paris and we will certainly be returning.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AMuller396
<Content>Great Hotel. What more can I say? It was time for another visit to Paris. This time however, it would be to take my grand mother along. Since it was her first time, I wanted it to be spectacular.After much review on Tripadvisor I finally decided to stay at this hotel and booked a two night Junior Suite stay for December 19 till the 21st. This hotel was chosen because of the size of the rooms and the fabulous reviews it receives from Tripadvisor members.The hotel did not disappoint. As promised the hotel was in a quiet part of town, and it was close to virtually everything. The Arc De Triomphe was only a 5 minute walk away as well as the Charles de Gaulle metro station. The junior suite we where in was pretty large and is probably comfortable for 2 couples or a couple and 2 children. The Hotel room consisted of a large bedroom with a queen size bed, and LCD screen, the living room had a sofa that converted into a twin size bed. The living room had a mini bar as well as a regular TV. The bathrooms where very big too, and was pretty modern. The rooms where cleaned everyday and the complimentary toiletries where refilled each day.The front desk was very helpful, and spoke excellent English. The staff at this hotel where excellent, they made our stay very pleasant. The following are things that we where a bit disappointed at. First of the doors to each room should be upgraded, because they are so thin, you could virtually hear everybody in the hallway, especially at night when guests come back. The hotel elevator fits 2 people only! But hey it鈥檚 better than having no elevator at all, but still it would be nice if they had a little bigger elevator.Parking in Paris is expensive, so if you鈥檙e going to stay at this hotel and you have a car there is an underground parking garage 3 blocks down (Expensive). Unless of course, if your lucky enough to find street parking right in front of the hotel (Ask how long you can park there).We enjoyed our stay very much, and would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody. We would definitely return to this hotel if or when we come back to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MacDeeIreland
<Content>Great Hotel. Couldn't fault the professionalism or the location. We booked this Hotel based on the Tripadvisor recommendation (I wanted to test how good and accurate the reviews were). We stayed Dec 1st -4th. Having stayed in the Georges V and the Hotel Napoleon nearby previously, I have to agree with the positive reviews of the hotel. It is a very pleasant environment to spend a few days exploring Paris. It is literally only 200 metres from the nearest Metro station. The management and staff were extremely professional and helpful. When our flight was cancelled in Charles De Gaulle, Air France put us up in a Hotel near the Airport Campus, however once we arrived there, I phoned the Hotel Royal Magda and we were able to check back in for another night. Superb.The rooms are very clean and pleasant. The restaurant serves breakfast but, to be honest with so many fantastic restaurants within walking distance, we never used it.I would recommend this Hotel to anyone who doesn't enjoy large touristy hotels with impersonal service.We will be back in February. Mark (Dublin, Ireland)  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ecost
<Content>Class on a budget Stayed at the Royal Magda Etoile for 3 nights with my mother in Jan 07. Could not fault the experience. The hotel is very conveniently located, we walked practically everywhere. The rooms and reception area are very nicely decorated and spotless. Very comfortable beds. Best of all, the staff were so friendly and helpful. Provided lots of great eating and sight seeing suggestions. Breakfast was great, very relaxed with a good choice. Just looking forward to the next trip! I would recommend Royal Magda Etoile to anyone visiting Paris.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAMSTER-7
<Content>fabulous hotel in a great location The Hotel Magda in Paris is an absolute gem. Situated a few steps away from the arc de triomphe and the nearest metro, it has an ideal location in a quiet street. The hotel staff were very pleasant and after arriving before check in, after an early flight, the receptionist arranged a room for us to which we were very grateful. The rooms were bijou, but very very comfortable. Having read other reviews about the shower, I really feel I must mention it too...the shower is amazing!!! If your looking for a hotel in a central location, close to all attractions, I definitely recommend the Magda Etoile.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Drzava
<Content>Excellent Booked this hotel on the strength of Tripadvisor reviews - as usual they were spot on! We arrived on Jan 1st to find (a) we had been upgraded to a club room as it was our first time in Paris and (b) a Happy New Year card and box of chocolates in our room. Good start! The room itself was reasonably sized (it was one of the larger rooms) with a decent bathroom. Desk, table and a few chairs, along with aircon. Bathroom had a shower in a bathtub. Minibar prices reasonable compared to those in bars and restaurants (shocking!). I am docking one star though because there was intermittent machinery noise (lift or boiler?) throughout the night at the back of the hotel. This was not especially loud but, as I a light sleeper, I had to buy earplugs after the first night. There were no other disturbances. All staff we dealt with were friendly, tolerated my pidgin French, and spoke good English.Location is excellent. It seems to be a little bit out from the centre but the large Metro/RER station at the Arc de Triomphe (round the corner) ensures rapid access to any part of Paris you wish. There are also dozens of restaurants and bars in the immediate area of the hotel, so eating in the evening is absolutely no problem.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LVbiz
<Content>LV Biz I travel extensively for business and pleasure and have been reading Trip Advisor reviews for years. This is the first time I have actually written a review. I stayed at the Royal Magda for 2 nights over New Years, The hotel is very nice and centrally located, but the staff really was superior. Yohan get's 4 Stars for his service. You would think he was the hotel owner ! He assisted in everything from setting up New Years Eve dinner reservations (at Museum De Homme, best views in the city for New Years - period), to arranging space for a business meeting I had at the hotel. I will certainly be back.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>severhart
<Content>Loved the Royal Magda          The court yard view from our room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Durple
<Content>Excellent location, Nice and clean We stayed in Paris for 5 nights. The first 4 nights were in another hotel near the Gare du Nord station. We decided to splurge a little on our last 2 days and moved to the Royal Magda. It was a refreshing change being so close to all the action.A stones throw from the arch and Champs elysees. The room was nice and clean. The mini bar was loaded and the prices were not unreasonable. We however did not use the minibar.Free internet access, clean bathroom, a couple of english TV channels to put me to sleep, friendly service and all this at an affordable price.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>granipc
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!! Our first trip to Paris, and the tone was set perfectly by this delightful little hotel! We stayed from the day after Christmas until New Year's Eve and enjoyed every minute. We just really cannot say enough about their incredibly gracious staff, especially Kais and the darling little blond girl at the front desk. Everyone, down to the cleaning staff, were incredibly friendly and helpful and I certainly hope the management recognizes what gems they have in their staff!We arrived well before check-in time, but our rooms were available and ready to be occupied, this was such a treat considering the long overnight flight we had just arrived from.The location is outstanding, so convenient to the Metro, restaurants, shopping, the Arc... it goes on and on! We found the continental breakfast to be the perfect start to our day, and although many commented on the price, we found it worth the convenience. It's also nice they serve breakfast until noon. The staff in the dining room were wonderful.We also enjoyed late night drinks in the comfortable chairs in the lobby (Merci, Kais!) after we returned from dinner on several evenings.The rooms were spotless, and the cleaning staff did a fabulous job, even straightening up our luggage and kid's various odds and ends they had left around the room. We had a suite, which was more than spacious (and we are Americans who are used to LARGE rooms) for our family of four (kids ages 7 and 12), my mother and brother and his wife each had standard double rooms. Only smaill inconvenience was the occasional disco music from the restaurant next door on a couple of evenings that disturbed my mother and brother, who had rooms adjacent to their walls. Nothing too terrible, and didn't go on too late into the night.They also arranged a car to take us back to the airport, and he was terrific! When he couldn't pull right up to the curb because of so much traffic, he parked in the garage, took all our luggage in for us (7 bags, plus some!) and made sure he got us directly to the correct check-in area. All in all, a terrific experience and we will recommend you to all!!! Thank you so much for helping to make this such a wonderful memory for our family!The Mallinger FamilyHouston, Texas  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MagsAndDan
<Content>Christmas in Paris We spent a magical Christmas Eve and Christmas day in this lovely hotel.The excellent service began before our arrival,with Yohan confirming our booking and also helping out with information about getting there, local attractions and eating out.The hotel was easy to get to as it is very near to the impressive Arc De Triomphe. Yohan suggested taking the AirFrance bus from CDG airport instead of the Metro as it avoids having to change stations whilst carting luggage around. We took his advice both ways!The front of the hotel is probably the best looking out of all the buildings on this side street and the reception area of the hotel is very pleasant.The double room we booked was suprisingly large, very quiet and clean. The bathroom was a bit on the small side but again, it was very clean with modern decor. The toilet was separate and again rather small but adequate.The only staff we encountered were Yohan and the gentleman on reception in the evening (we never got his name!). Both spoke excellent english and were very helpful. On the first evening we were directed to a great brasserie a couple of streets away on Ave. De La Grande Armee (the SCS La Grande Armee). Although it may seem a bit pricey to some at 100 euros for two people, the meals were great. As a side note, if you plan to go to this brasserie, brush up on your french food as we had a bit of difficulty with the menu!On the subject of food, the hotel does do meals as there is a menu in the room, although we never did get to try it. We found breakfasts to be adequate for self service Continental style fayre.There was a nice touch on Christmas Day when we arrived back at the hotel to find a Christmas card and chocolates from the staff. Also, Yohan was very helpful in keeping our luggage for a few hours after we checked out as we had some time to kill whilst waiting for our flight. Overall, our experience of this hotel has been one of a pleasant surprise. We didn't quite know what to expect with various tales of small rooms being the norm in Paris. We actually downgraded from a four star hotel to this three star hotel after finding all the positive reviews from TripAdvisor. One of the key benefits is the location, being very close to the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs de Elysees (for big name shops such as Louis Vuitton, Cartier, and DG) and a metro station only 5 minutes away. We will definitely come here again!Dan  Magda  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jascas
<Content>The perfect stay! Our first trip to Paris and nervous at booking what needed to be the perfect hotel for the perfect weekend. This hotel did not disappoint. The location was superb, 2 minutes from the Arc de Triumphe and minutes from the champs-elysees. The room was big enough for the two of us and was immaculate. We couldn't have asked for anything more for the price! The staff were very friendly and helpful when we realised we'd locked ourselves out of our own safety deposit box in the room!Would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget wanting terrific location and clean and comfortable accomodation.Superb!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>saklein13
<Content>The perfect experience in Paris! I stayed at this wonderful hotel with my boyfriend prior to Christmas. What a wonderful experience! The hotel is perfectly situated near the Arc de triomphe and two blocks from the metro station, making our travels around Paris extremely convenient. We were upgraded from a lovely room to a beautiful suite (with a towel warmer in the bathroom as an added bonus). The suite was an excellent size, nicely decorated, and with two flat screen tv's. The highlight of the hotel was the friendly and helpful staff, especially Johan. Johan readily helped suggest and reserve wonderful restaurants during our stay. Our experience in Paris would not have been the same without the help of Johan (thank you!). I highly recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>am79211
<Content>Perfect Paris Holiday Great hotel in an excellent location. Room was very clean, staff was friendly, very helpful and speak English for those not fluent in French. 5 minute walk to the RER station and Champs Elysees and the Arch of Triumph. Very easy to navigate to/from CDG airport and the sites from this location. Will definetly book this hotel again when I return for my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kurokuroneko
<Content>Great staff and nice location! - Friendly, and very helpful staff. Always a smile!- Housecleaning staff very good. Everything was spotless.- It is very close to the Arc de Triumphe and the Metro/RER. Very nice location.- The buffet breakfast is 12E. A basic selection, but items are fresh.- The room was nicely sized and clean. Our room overlooked the street. Noise was not a problem except for the trash truck in the morning one time during the week. There is a theatre across the street, but the noise was not excessive. Actually, you may find a little more noise from your neighbors as the walls seem to be a little thin. - The shower was prone to leaking on the floor if you angled the spout a bit high. The soap is rather small so we ended up buying some at L'Occitane nearby. Bathroom lacks a facecloth.- There are 2 supermarkets nearby. A small one just around the corner at the end of the street and a bit more upscale one (Monoprix) at the next square. - No alarm clock in the room.- Safebox in the room.- Yes, the elevator is small and new. Just enough for two people.- We used a shared shuttle van to the airport (42E for two people). Professional and door to door service. Airport Connection is the name of the company.- Reasonable selection of restaurants nearby. There are 2 safety items that i was a little concerned about.- Lack of fire detector in the room. All other areas seemed to have detectors and fire safety equipment.- The door does not lock automatically upon entry or exit. In fact, you need to lock yourself in the room. In an emergency, it might be difficult to find your key and then get the door unlocked. You will find there are two doors to the room. The inner one does not lock. Whenever we were in the room, we left our key in the door.Overall, i enjoyed my stay in this hotel and would recommend it without hesitation. Service and location are two key points of this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drizotravel
<Content>The Perfect Paris Hotel Love it! We stayed at this hotel for two nights. This place was very stylish, clean, and cute. The staff are the friendliest people; make sure you ask them for recommendations on dinner places- they told us about two places within walking distance that were amazing. The location is also great- right next to the Arc de Triumph. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QP
<Content>Great in everyway, prime location and attentive staff We stayed at Hotel Royal Magda for 4 nights during the Thanksgiving week. I highly recommend this hotel to leisure travelers for the following reasons: - LOCATION: it's 2 blocks away from the Air France les cars (shuttle to/from the airports) stop at the arc de triomphe; half a block away from the CDG Etoile metro station, walking distance to the arc, champs elyssess- Cleaness of room: the hotel was recently renovated, the room/bathroom were extremely clean; elevator's tiny but brand new and functional- Staff: Staff greeted us by name when we checked in; extremely helpful; Johan and Flore were wonderful; they even kept copies of email messages I had sent before my arrivalThings to remember: although almost everything exceeded my expecttations, this is after all a 3 star hotel. It wouldn't be reasonable to expect service anytime with a phone call. Breakfast is usually not included and costs a lot for what you get. Amenities were adequate but limited. Street noise could be a bit of a problem during weekend.TRAVEL TIPS:- Please be sure to purchase the Carte Orange for unlimited metro rides if you're staying longer than a week (calendar week)- The best place visited while in Paris: Pere Lachaise cementary!!!!- Museums: allow plenty of time (at least 3 days) to visit the Louvre, Orsay, Rodin if you like museums- Shopping: makes NO sense to buy anything other than cheeses, chocolate and designer items (Louis Vuitton, Balenciaga). Most items, even French brands, are more expensive in Paris; weak US dollars don't help this matter  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Seeka
<Content>Wonderful This petite boutique hotel was a wonderful taste of Paris right from the moment we walked through the door. A quiet sanctuary just yards from the hustle-bustle of the Champs-Elysee and L'Arc de Triomphe. Yes the rooms were rather small but very cosy for the time of year and full equiped with all the neccessities. The free bedroom internet connection was a gift, considering we've stayed in higher class hotels who charge 鈧?0 per hour.Staff were very friendly, more than willing to speak English when our French got the better of us. All in all, I would highly recommend this little gem in the heart of Paris.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yozzz
<Content>Perfect for Paris Perfect for Paris.Got details from Tripadvisor and knew the downsides - small lift (no problem if there are just 2 of you), door doesnt lock automaticaly (so --- what!) only camplaint is that the walls are a little thin (but not too bad) The upsides which are location, clean, great staff, close to metro, value for money make this an excellent choice and I would def stay again!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>marvfish
<Content>Adequate Six months ago we stayed at the Hotel Splendid Etoile in Paris based on the rating and reviews on the Trip Advisor web site. The hotel was better than the reviews.In planning another trip to Paris (Dec, 06), I consulted Trip Advisor to find a better rating for the Royal Magda Etoile. Although the room was clean, spacious and adequate, it was no more.The elevator was barely large enough for two adults WITHOUT LUGGAGE. The room had to be locked going in and out with a key, minor but a nuicance. There were no washcloths in the bathroom and none available. Closet space was minimal and there were no drawers. The furnishings and decor was quite basic. The internet connection was hit and miss, mostly miss. Ther was no full length mirror in the room. The windows all faced a small courtyard.None of these by themselves were big deals and our stay was comfortable and fine. However, for similar money in the same area, the Splendid Etoile is a far superior hotel.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>GTM1
<Content>Great find What makes this hotel a winner is its location and the staff's willingness to assist. Its never going to be considered a luxury hotel but it really is great value for money and you are not there to sit in the room. You can reach the rest of Paris from the metro and the staff cant help enough from locating a restaurant or offering advice as to how to get aound, upgrading you to a suite, or storing your luggage to trying to book you in before 2pm. Not 150 yards from the Arc de Triomphe and tbe metro, clean, quiet. To be recommended for the budget minded as a gem.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmu
<Content>Good for the price. The staff is helpful, starting from emails sent prior to our arrival. The rooms are small, updated, clean but occasionally loud with late night partying at the restaurant next door. The noise isn't so bad in comparision to other big cities, so no big deal.The location by the Arc and it's metra stop is convenient, but the neighborhood feel, it doesn't have. I can't figure out why people previously didn't reccomend the downstairs breakfast for 12 euros. We'd walk around locally, get a couple coffees and bread, and spend just as much, if not more.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>odonnell
<Content>A little Gem! This little hotel has it all!. Its fresh and clean, the bedrooms are small but then so are all bedrooms in Paris! The staff are wonderful, warm and welcoming and anxious to help! Their english is superb. The location is great. Two minutes walk to the Metro which will take you anywhere! We didnt take a taxi once! Tons of eateries around. I will definetely use again, This is not a highly rated hotel on Trip Advisor for nothing! Best ive tried at that price!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chitownmel
<Content>Can't wait to return! I found out about the Hotel Magda through Trip Advisor back in September. My husband and I just returned from Thanksgiving weekend in Paris. The Hotel Magda did not disappoint. We were immediately upgraded to a suite upon our arrival - at ten am! Allowing us to check into our room so early (after an eight hour flight) was fantastic. The only thing missing was a down comforter, but in Paris, I could do without!The hotel is in an amazing location about two blocks from the Arc de Triomphe. It is also two blocks away from Metro line 1 which is one of the main arteries of the city. It took us almost everywhere we needed to go - and we only had to transfer once to get anywhere else. This was ideal. We never had to take a taxi.We ate breakfast in the hotel each day which was convenient, but there were also many options close by. I would highly recommend the restaurant Citrus Etoile which was only a few blocks away from the hotel. It is operated by an American woman, Elizabeth, and her husband who is a French native. We had our best meal at their restaurant.The staff at the Hotel Magda was extremely helpful and attentive. I am grateful to all of those who reveiwed the hotel before me b/c I probably wouldn't have found this gem otherwise. I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinhorne
<Content>friendly warm hotel During our 3 day stay at the Hotel Royal Magda, we were made to feel very welcome. On arrival, the hotel was very warm and welcoming, the decor was very chic and the Hotel was exceptionally clean. Our room was excellent, it had eveything we needed and was kept clean during our stay. The Hotel was very central to all the sights we wanted to see. so we didnt have to waste money on travel expenses. The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and a young gentleman named Yohann went out of his way to accomodate our needs and make us feel very welcome. The Manager also helped us choose a restaurant, booked and arranged taxis. We were very impressed with the high standard of hospitality we recieved. Paris is a beautifull city, and i would recomend this hotal to anyone visiting, we will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitegirl
<Content>Little Star We also booked the Royal Magda Etoile based on reviews on Trip Advisor for the first time ever and were a little nervous. We need not have been. It was everything you could want from a boutique, stylish property. From the warm welcome and personal service to the unbeatable location. We too were upgraded and the room was massive in comparison to others I have stayed in in Paris. It was spotless, contemporary, bright and well equipped. I would recommend anyone who would usually stay at Costes or George V to give it a whirl. It was a lovely place to stay and we will be recommending the Royal Magda to everyone. Id also recommend booking a table at the Cafe De L'homme which is inside the museum of man right infront of the E' Tower. Its quite expensive but possible one of the most romantic spots we have ever been to and the food was excellent. Make sure you get a table next to the window so you can see the tower twinkle. This place cannot fail to impress.......  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kirstey
<Content>Lovely hotel I stayed here for 3 nights and found the location ideal for visiting sites as well as being away from noisy traffic. The sealed DG helped.Our room and en-suite were immaculate and tastefully decorated, if a little bijou. But small rooms are usual for Paris in my opinion, so this is certainly not a criticism. We didn't try breakfast, so can't comment there.The only criticism I would have is that I found the walls quite thin and could hear next door going about their business. This may be a personal complaint as I am not used to it.Overall, very nice, with helpful and friendly staff.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MorningMartin
<Content>Excellent in every respect I booked this hotel after reading the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. I took my fiance and a couple of our friends to Paris for my fiance's birthday and we spent two nights at the hotel. I had emailed the hotel beforehand a couple of times to make some prior enquiries and arrangements and Yohan and Flore were always prompt in replying and giving me the information I needed. Upon arrival, Yohan greeted us at reception and knew who we were instantly, which was a nice personal touch. He also upgraded us at no extra cost to a Junior Suite room which we found to be very nice, clean and spacious. The room was very nicely decorated with lovely decor and the bathroom was a perfect size with lovely clean towels, bathrobe and handy little bottles of shampoo, shower gel and some nice little bath salts. On the evening of my fiance's birthday, Yohan and his Manager (sorry, I cannot recall his name!) recommended to us a lovely Brasserie about 5 mins taxi journey from the airport and went to the trouble of booking the restaurant and taxi for us. Yohan even joined us on his night off at the end of our meal for dessert and helped us sort out a minor problem at the restaurant when they attempted to rip us off by charging us for something we did not order - our French not being particularly good, Yohan was able to rectify this with the waiter!Breakfast was an additional 12 Euros per person but we preferred to venture out to find small cafes for breakfast instead, purely because we wanted to get out of the hotel quickly in the mornings to do our sightseeing. I am told that this hotel has recently been refurbished and you can definitely tell. The decor throughout was very sophisticated and tasteful and I particularly liked the leopard print carpet !Overall we could not fault the hotel in any way, okay maybe the lift is a bit on the small side, but this would not affect anyone wanting to stay there, unless they are just plain fussy! The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them. The location of the hotel is also ideal, the nearest metro being just five minutes walk and right near the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. The area is extremely quiet and we did not experience any noise from the neighbouring properties.We will definitely be returning to Paris in the Spring/Summer of 2007 for another short break and will without a doubt be booking the Royal Magda for our stay.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmyG_31
<Content>Very clean and great location I recently returned from my stay at this hotel. As a first-time single traveler, I felt very safe in this neighborhood and was pleased to find the metro station within a few blocks walking distance. My room was spotless each evening I returned from my day out. All staff I dealt with were courteous and very helpful.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giantblue
<Content>Great Location The Royal Magda is located blocks from the metro and the Champs Elysees. The room was a little small, but very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bussman
<Content>Great hotel I just got back after a 4 day stay in Paris and this hotel indeed deserves it's reputation as being one of the better rated hotels in Paris. Booked the hotel through the reviews from this website and being the first time using it's reviews, was abit nervous but keen on finding out what all the good reviews was all about.The hotel was ideally located at the Arc De Triomphe, only a street away from the bus stop (if taking the Air France bus from CDG airport) and just behind the CDG Etoile metro stop. We arrived early in the morning and the reception staff were kind, polite, receptive and allowed us to store our bags while waiting for our room to be ready (and we actually left and started sightseeing anyways!)We had a club room on one of the higher floors. It was suprisingly very large, spacious and spotless. Having done quite alot of travelling, I was extremely impressed with the cleanliness which was one of the things that I'm particularly fussy about. There was a tiny bit of music noise (still trying to sus out where it came from !) on the first night but the remainder of the nights were quiet. We decided not to have breakfast in the hotel because essentially there were loads of cafes/restaurants in the area. For those who are fastfood addicts, there's a McDonalds  round the corner. We managed to walk to most Paris sights from the hotel easily but the CDG Etoile metro afforded access to most of Paris without much problems. We tended to go for walks at night to witness Paris by night and felt safe walking around the hotel late(though we were back by midnight).To give a fair critique, i've noticed that the mattress was quite firm but I guess that's personal preference. For the claustraphobic ones, the lift is quite cosy.To summarise, my partner is already bugging me to come back to Paris again and we would definitely come back to the Royal Magda.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Schonbeanie
<Content>Great hotel - easily worth the rating I stayed here for 3 nights with my boyfriend and booked it purely on reviews on this website. I must say the hotel was exceedingly clean and welcoming. We hardly spoke to the concierge as we chose to use our Frommers guide book instad and wander for anything else we needed.There is a small supermarket about 3 roads away from the Arc de Triomphe which we got bread and cheese from and that lasted us the full day (and was alot cheaper than the breakfast).The hotel was very quiet whilst we were there and we had room 616 (the same as recommended 611) which is a junior suite (no seetee but small table and chairs). The room was big and the bathroom was a fantastic size - hot water constantly as well!Had a great weekend and would defo recommend this hotel again. It's 5 mins from the Champs Metro station - central to everything. Would also recommend Kamogdee - a Cambodian restaurant near George V metro.Nothing bad to stay apart from the slightly snotty receptionist one night who refused to speak English!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AustraFrench
<Content>Great Hotel - deserves to be No. 1 We stayed at this hotel in October 2006 with our 2 children. From the first moment we were made to feel welcome despite our kids being a little bit over enthusiastic (!). We stayed in a suite looking onto the courtyard with bedroom and living room with sofa bed, which was great for our family of 4. It was very quiet and parking was available at the end of the street. The best thing about this hotel (apart from the location which is unbeatable) is the kindness all of the staff from reception to housekeeping. The only downside is the breakfast which is expensive for what it is, and the room gets very crowded. That aside, I will choose this place for our future frequent visits to Paris because in comparison to other places there is no comparison!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>roamerbob
<Content>A truly wonderful hotel! My wife and just spent seven wonderful days in Paris. We have traveled often to Paris and normally stay in Saint Germaine. But my wife was attending a conference in the Palais des Congres, and we decided to book the Magda after reading the reviews, since it was closer to the Palais. It was the best possible value we found, especially with the free internet. Since we arrived early Sunday morning and our room wasn't ready, Johan gave us a room to relax until ours was ready. During the week, Flor gave us the opportunity to move into a very large and quiet room on the ground floor with an enormous (for Paris) bathroom.The hotel is immaculate, very well located near the metro and the staff is wonderfully gracious and accommodating. We have found our new home in Paris.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vickonga
<Content>Best Bang For Your Buck! All I have to say is that if you are not sure where to stay in Paris, this is the place! we paid 149 euros per night and got much more than we expected. It is Located a few blocks from the Arc de Triumph and Champs Elysee. Metro Station is also a 2 min walk. The Staff is extremely friendly and helpful and will go out of there way to help your needs. The rooms are a good size (for europe of course), very clean, with very comfortable beds (most important feature after all the walking you do in Paris). I hope this review helps in your decision as the other ones did for me. Make sure to ask Yohan about the great boulangerie on Ave Carnot !!!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Guest78
<Content>Great Value My husband was in Paris for a week-long conference. We did a lot of research, and decided that the Royal Magda was the best value and location. We booked a 2 room suite for the same price as our friends paid for a single room at other hotels. The rooms were small, as to be expected from any city hotel, but very clean. The bathroom was large and hot water was plentiful. The staff was extremely nice and helpful with anything we needed. We emailed several times before arriving and they responded immediately, answering all our questions. Highly recommend the restaurant next door as well! Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gab45
<Content>Excellent, but has faults The Hotel Royal Magda Paris is a very quaint hotel in an excellent part of Paris. It is approx 5 min saunter to the Le Arc De Triomphe and the famous Champs Elysees. There are some excellent bars and restaurants in the area and if you are travelling from Ireland through Beauvais it is about 鈧?0 in a taxi to the drop off point. But there is one draw back to the hotel and that is one of the rooms is located next to a very busy restaurant / bar (Room 115) avoid this room or bring sleeping tablets. The breakfast is over priced as you will get similar if not better in a cafe close by. You choose sitting eating a croissant looking at the Le Arc De Triomphe or a dinning room wall for twice the price. All in all I think if I was returning I would consider staying there again taking on board the comments above.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Plinia
<Content>Good but definetely 3* hotel Pros: 1. Very accommodating and kind stuff. They are genuinely nice and helpful. 2. Room is very clean and the bed has comfy mattress. 3. Extremely convenient location with not much noise from the street. Cons: 1. I heard other guests鈥?going in and out every morning and every night, which can be rather annoying. 2. Bad and expensive breakfast. Although the service is very attentive, croissants were really not of Parisian standard. There are many cafes that serve breakfast on Rue McMahon. 3. Small room. Also our room had no flat tv as it is promised on their website. Overall, if you are aware that this is a 3* hotel by all means, then it鈥檚 a great choice. I am used to 4*/5* standard and was a bit disappointed by the standard of the room we stayed at (Club Room).  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>billyton
<Content>Really Good Hotel ! We went there in October, 2006 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was extremely clean; the staff were very helpful and the location is terrific - we will go again !  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jxwalker
<Content>Great location, excellent value We stayed 3 nights in the Royal Magda for during half term and booked a double and a large double with sofa bed for our 3 children (415 and 416). Our stay was excellent value for a mid-priced three star hotel. The rooms were spotlessly clean and the location was very convenient. The rooms were small but adequate and the breakfast room was a bit of a squash but otherwise no complaints. We would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AmericanCareerExpat
<Content>Great Location for Everything I used this website, as I usually do, to compare different properties and booked this hotel, which is not the hotel we usually use in Paris. We were very pleased. It is an emaculately kept hotel with a professional and very helpful staff! It has been newly renovated and the bathrooms are good size and spotless. The location cannot be beat. It is a block away from the underground, a major bus stop, and a taxi stand. We walk everywhere, but decided to use the underground to get to Versailles. It was quite easy once we figured out the system. I highly recommend this hotel and will definately use it again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agreiner
<Content>Royal Treatment The hotel is clean and newly renovated. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Good size rooms and a great location.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ErinLeary
<Content>Another Tripadvsor Find We stayed at the Royal Magda for two nights and enjoyed being so close to things in Paris. We had a couple of wonderful meals, one at the restaurant next door, and the other at the Brasserie de les Armies. The staff at the hotel was helpful and responsive. We had a problem with noise the first night, and they had already contacted the people (outside the hotel) to ask them to kindly keep it down. I appreciated their attitude and desire to help.The room was small, but not unusually so for Europe, and the decor has been updated and the bathroom, though small, was very nicely appointed.We enjoyed our stay very much and would recommend it to anyone travelling to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Davred
<Content>what a location! My first trip to Paris in 40 years! Off I went, accompanied by my 25 year old son who had been in Paris only last year....as a backpacker. His first reaction to the hotel was what a location. There it was, just near the Arc de Triomphe, just around the corner from the Champs d'Elysees, with a metro station only 3 or 4 minutes walk away, and in a narrow street that was relatively quiet.The reception was friendly and quiet and we used the small lift - 1 person plus big bag at a time! - to get to our 4th floor room. With twin beds it was cosy, but we had enough spave. There was an LCD TV on the wall, windows that opened wide, and a bathroom that was modern and well fitted out. The airconditioning was a bit tempremental but adequate for October.We found the room to be quiet, clean, well furnished and comfortable. It was easier to use the stairs to go down to breakfast in the morning. Breakfast was OK without being brilliant, although at 12 euros each, was a tad expensive. We thought we'd breakfast out on Sunday morning, but nothing open nearby - well, except for McDonalds, and so we ended up back at the hotel. A captive audience?I said the room was quiet. On the Friday and Saturday nights there was some late noise from a private club opposite. It was more some noisy patrons leaving late than noise from the club, but it was enough to wake me up. Overall not a big problem though.Advice about getting around Paris was a bit light on at the front desk. The guy who was on duty in the morning knew a lot more than the Night Manager, but everyone was reasonable friendly, didn't laugh at our schoolboy French, and tried to help.I'll certainly return to this hotel and recommend it strongly.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>zygomatic
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We stayed at the Royal Madga over four nights in October. The hotel is a three minute walk from the Charles De Gaulle Air France shuttle drop off (a great way to get into the city from the airport) and right on the metro line. The hotel is in a great neighborhood with charming restaurants and shops- but is a bit removed from the city's bustle. The rooms are quiet and clean and the staff extremely helpful and kind. We will stay at the Royal Magda on our next visit to Paris and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex99
<Content>Special Occasion Vacation We stayed in Royal Magda Hotel for 5 nights. This was our belated special occasion vacation and we were not disappointed. Although we booked a regular room, we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was very large and had few very nice features, like a heated towel rack and 115v receptacle for the shaver. The staff was very friendly and helpful and always ready to assist. When we checked out, the front office clerk Johan (I hope I am spelling his name correctly), helped us with the luggage to the Air France bus to travel to the airport. The location was excellent too. Close to Arc de Triumph and subway. If possible, I would rank this hotel 10.5 out of 10.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>indiebands
<Content>Very nice hotel, helpful staff We stayed at the Royal Magda for a friend's wedding in October. Overall, we enjoyed our stay there thoroughly and were very happy with the helpfulness of the desk staff. We would stay there again in the future if the prices do not increase (we did have the benefit of a group rate from the wedding).The hotel has recently been refurbished and has genuinely comfortable bathrooms, at least in the suite where we stayed with our 2 year old son. Breakfast in the room at the same price as downstairs was a plus. For a 3 star hotel in the center of Paris, the prices are not bad at all. The location is very convenient to the metro and to the Air France CDG bus. I do wish that we had taken them up on their suggestion of the little brightly red painted french restaurant next door open since 2000 painted tongue in cheek on the outside. The in room safe was vulnerable to reprogramming by our two year old son (what would not be?), but despite being very busy, the hotel staff was able to make an emergency visit to unlock it for us so that we could dress for the wedding. Aparently they were ranked number 1 in Paris hotels on tripadvisor prior to the unfortunate incident where they had to relocate a guest due to the illness of a baby staying at the hotel. The desk staff explained that the incident resulted in an unavoidable inconvenience for the other party who had reserved the room. As a parent, I'd have to say that I side with the hotel on that decision. I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FionaMcK
<Content>The reviews did it justice! Our stay was an excellent experience. The hotel is clean, comfortable and staff extremely helpful.We arranged a mini-bus for our return journey from Beauvais airport, which was eventful, but great to be dropped at the door and not have to search for the hotel. Having said that there is a Metro stop only a minute away.Our trip on the Seine for dinner was worth every penny, food and entertainment were both great.The hotel recommended a restaurant next door for lunch the day we arrived, it too was very enjoyable and a great way to start a break in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Taughy
<Content>Great little hotel Excellent hotel. Great location, very close to metro and Champs Elysee. Rooms are small as other reviewers said but hey what do you need other than a bath, flat screen T.V and ensuite. Everything was immaculately clean and appeared very new. Great value in super location would definitely use again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yaserkangani
<Content>Nice hotel - Excellent location - Great Staff We have found this hotel by chance, Just at the moment that we were totally disapointed from other hotels in Paris. Staff of the hotel were really professional, well trained, kind and helpful, specialy a gentleman named Yohan and a lady that unfortunately I can not remember her name. They offered a junior suite and a deluxe room to us for two nights stay and both rooms were nice, clean and with acceptable space. Comparing the service with other three star hotels in Paris they are great. Location is nice and it is only five minutes to the begining of the Champs Elysee St and the first station of Paris underground line 1. It is a good location as many tour operators are begining their daily tours from this street. It is also close to two fast food restaurants and you have the option for late night meals. The Fuquets ( Famous Paris Cafe and restaurant ) is only five to ten minutes walk. I am sure if you are looking for a three star category hotel in Paris, this hotel is one of the best choices available. Yaser and Afsoun Kangani  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cindy111
<Content>Excellent stay Just returned from a stay at the Royal Magda Hotel in Paris. My husband and I had a wonderful experience. Our stay dispelled all negative comments made by travelers in older reviews. The hotel is newly renovated with a beautiful lobby and the room was perfect, very clean and comfortable. Our room was immaculate and had all new bedding, carpets, and a beautiful bathroom. The room was also large as compared to other European accommodations. . We found the staff friendly, helpful and accommodating. At the last minute we had a change in travel plans and asked to extend our stay two nights, and the front desk staff quickly and graciously honored our request. In addition to all these wonderful features, the Royal Magda Hotel is in the absolute best location in Paris. We easily took the Air France Bus from the airport to the Arc de Triomphe and from the Metro station Charles de Gaulle a block from the hotel we also travelled throughout Paris during our stay. The area around the hotel is also safe and attractive (not always the case with the location of other hotels we considered). Even relatives living in Paris commented on how easily accessible the Paris sites were from our hotel.At least, we just would like to thank you the reception staff, Flore and Abderahim, that help us with directions and good places to go. As we have already told Flore that she has made our stay perfect.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Calistoga Grower
<Content>Believe the reviews, this place is great! Reviews from other travelers make the Hotel Royal Magda sound like the ideal base to explore Paris. Those reviews are highly accurate! We stayed at the Hotel Royal Magda in September and found the rooms to be exceptionally comfortable and spotlessly clean. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and genuinely warm. We arrived at 9 a.m. after a redeye flight from San Francisco. Check in time is 2 p.m., the norm for most hotels in Paris or anywhere else for that matter. The staff at the Royal Magda seated us in their lobby caf茅 and told us they would immediately clean our room and have it ready within half an hour. By the time we had finished with the coffee and croissants that had appeared in front of us, they had moved our luggage into our room and presented us with a key. The location is perfect, a three-minute walk to a metro station located virtually under the Arc de Triumph. A wide range of restaurants is within a two-block range. On the same block as the hotel are a very good and inexpensive Japanese sushi takeout counter and Guy Savoy where dinner for two with a nice bottle of wine starts around $500. Believe all these glowing reviews. They are accurate.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hardia
<Content>Special thanks to Royal Magda I've to thank Hotel Royal Madga for their kindness and comprehension during my stay in Paris.My little baby was sick when we arrived Paris the 2nd day. She needed to stay in the hospital and it runied our plan completely. We booked the hotel for 2 nights only and the hotel was so full and difficult to prolong our stay.We tried to look for another hotel without success. My husband and I were so worried for both my baby's conditiion and our accomodtion in Paris.At last, Hotel Royal Madga let me stay 2 more nights by moving some other guests to another hotel due to our special condition.I have to thank sincerely the friendly staffs of the hotel for their special consideration and kind advice.Now, my baby is fine and we will definitely go to visit Paris again and stay in Hotel Royal Magda.LC from Singapore  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>venelles
<Content>Great hotel I spent 3 days at the Royal Magda in September as I was visiting Paris on business and I have decided to make this hotel my first choice whenever I will be going back to Paris either for business or leisure . The room I was given , a junior suite , was as large as a room you would expect in a 4 star hotel and it was very clean and new . The fact is that the hotel has been entirely refurbished a year ago and it shows . Breakfast was good and the buffet generous . Staff is also very helpful . Probably the best value for money you can get in Paris .  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wendy1997
<Content>Transfered last minute! After reading all the reviews on trip advisor, I decided to book a room for 1 night at the Royal Magda, it was highly recommended! No one could fault it! I was really looking forward to spend my husbands 40th in the romantic city until we arrived at the hotel.We were told by the man at reception there had been a problem with the guests not vacating our room in time due to a family member falling ill and being treated at the hospital. We offered to return later on in the afternnoon but was told it still might not be available. At that point my heart just sank! You can imagine how my husband was feeling.They had already arranged to put us in another hotel nearby, the Hotel Mac Mahon. I don't think they realise why we booked the room with them! If I wanted to book a hotel rated 300 plus, I would have in the first place! They offered free breakfast as compensation, which we didn't have.The Hotel Mac Mahon is also a 3 star rated but I think it is more of a 2 star hotel. Different to what was on offer at the Magda.It completely ruined our stay in Paris, as for my husband, an unforgetable 40th birthday surprise.Overall, I don't think the Royal Magda coped with the situation very well. For the trouble caused, I would expect to be transfered to a 4 star hotel. At least it would have calmed us down asap.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>I_love_SF
<Content>Cheers to Yohan and staff! One of our best hotel experience ever! The Hotel is beautiful with modern and pleasing decor. The rooms are very clean and pleasant. ALthough not big, they seem spacious enough. It has all the necessary amenities including good working air condition which can be hard to come by in Paris. The location is great! It sits a few minutes away from Arc De Triomphe, bus to airport and Metro that goes everywhere. Yet, it is very quiet.What sets this hotel apart from the others is its staff. Everyone of them is so friendly and helpful (which is not always the case for me in Paris). Especially Yohan, who made our experience there extraordinary. He went out of his way to take care of us. He is always patient and pleasant to deal with. It is nice to go back to a hotel and be greeted by someone with a smile that knows you personally. My wife and I loved him so much that we invited him to visit us in California.The price of the hotel is very reasonable for its quality and location. The service provided is above and beyond its rating. I highly recommended and we now know where we will be staying if we ever return to Paris. Keep it up! from Roselle and Jerry  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>elviso
<Content>Personalized treat from a most friendly boutique hotel Genuinely kind service makes you feel you are a special guest. Great location in the XVIIth district: close to Arc de Triomphe, to several metro stations, plenty of authentic restaurants around. This is not being in Paris an feeling like a tourist: rather like a parisian. Sober yet stylish modern ethnic decoration. I could even enjoy an informal business breakfast in this very friendly atmosphere. A rather confidential address indeed with attractive rates. EL (Moscow).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Telcoman2
<Content>First rate 3 star hotel Magda has a great location. The hotel was recently renovated. I stayed there in the 60's and I was amazed at the change for the better. The rooms are kept very clean. Nice bath and shower.The people at the reception desk are first-rate. I had a problem opening the in room safe. The desk person came right up to the room to assist me to open it. The elevator is very small so it might require 2 trips to get your luggage to and from the room. The breakfast was not included. Too bad, since most hotels in the vicinty include it. However not to fret, there is no shortage of places in the area to get breakfast with lots of choice and a much lower price.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>morgey
<Content>Great Hotel-Location-Price We stayed at the Royal Magda for 4 nights. We had a double room on the 6th floor. The room was excellent with the double bed, a sitting area with 2 chairs, a coffee table, and a desk. The bathroom was very spacious. The room was cleaned daily and had A/C which we used on 1 humid night. The hotel decor provides a very comfortable/modern feel.We interacted with 3 different staff members and all were very friendly and helpful. They provided us with excellent directions and helped us arrange our transportation to the airport. We did eat the breakfast 1 day which is a buffet style with some juice/coffee/tea, some lunchmeat, cereal and a few pastries. Not worth the 12 Euros a person though.The only minor complaint we had was the key locks are rather noisy and seem to echo through the hallways when doors are locked/unlocked. We were never able to hear voices or TVs from the rooms around us though. The Arc de Triumph  metro are just a short 1.5 blocks away which makes getting around super easy. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tknm
<Content>Very nice hotel in great location! My husband and I spent 6 nights (Sept 7-13) here and for the most part were very happy. I spent many hours searching trip advisor and the internet for a place to stay. I always worry about finding a hotel in another country that will be in a nice area, affordable, and up to my expectations (which my husband says are too high). Given the great reviews on this site I felt comfortable booking at this hotel and was glad to find I had made a good choice.The staff was very friendly and spoke English perfectly, although we did not converse with them much.We were very happy with the room. They look just as the pictures on the website show. Not often do you find the pictures to actually be accurate. The room was cleaned spotless everyday. We had a junior suite that was nice and big. The toilet was in a separate area from the shower/tub which was nice. The decor was very pleasant however there was no room for toiletries in the bathroom so be prepared to use a shelf in the closet.I had originally planned to book a club room but they were not available when I booked. We saw into one of those rooms and it looked like it was nice sized and would have been fine. We also saw into a standard room and that looked very small and cramped. However depending on how much time you spend in the room this hotel can accommodate everyone's taste.It was nice to have the option of air-conditioning as it got quite warm the last few days of our stay but most nights we just slept with a window open slightly and were very comfortable.Free internet access in the rooms was a plus.The location was great and close to the Metro. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the breakfast however 12 euros seemed quite a lot to pay for breakfast.One issue we did have, although I can't really fault the hotel, was the people in the room above us. They were traveling with what appeared to be twins about 2 years old and had no common sense or courtesy to those guests in the rooms around them. The first 2 nights we listened to them running back and forth across the floor and crying until after 2:00am. and the father repeating over and over stop it. We asked about switching rooms and were told that those people were moving. It turned out they only moved for 2 nights and then were back above us. (The 2 nights they were somewhere else were very quitet ). We did not ask to be moved again as we didn't realize it until the 5th night that they were back and we only had 1 more to go. I admit we did not complain to the front desk as we should have but could not believe those people could be so insensitive and rude to the other guests. I would encourage anyone traveling with small children to consider those others around you that may be enjoying some time away from their own kids and plan your days so as not to disrupt the routines your children are accustomed to causing them to be disruptive at odd hours.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and would definately consider staying here again if we visit Paris in the future.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aplate
<Content>Love the Royal Magda Hotel! Just returned from a month in Paris and Italy and I must say that the Royal Magda was a highlight of my travels! I was with a large group of people that are all different ages and have different preferences and everyone loved the time we spent at this hotel!First, the hotel is in a great location about 1.5 blocks from the Arc di Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. It is easy to walk everywhere, get to a major metro line, and never once felt unsafe (even at 3am). The hotel itself is new and clean with a great sitting area by the bar to hang out and have a glass of wine with friends. There are 5 or 6 floors with a lift that was of typical size for European hotels. We were able to fit 2 people, 2 bags and a wedding dress if it helps! The rooms are the same size as all Paris hotels and wonderfully clean with great and very clean bathrooms. There is a safe and tv on the wall that gets both cnn and bbc news. The rooms have AC so you can have a nice cold room, even if it is hot or muggy in Paris! Even though it is a great hotel at great rates, the best part of the hotel is the concierge, our new friend Yohan. He was the only one working during the day while we were there but I hear Flore is just as great. Yohan planned everything for us from helping wiht hotels, flights, restaurant reservations, what to do and see, directions, tours, ect. And he is just great to talk to and hang out with!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RSB845
<Content>Royal Magda Shines This hotel is great for families, with clean, comfortable rooms in a great tourist location in the 8th district. Having previous experience at five star properties in Paris, I was reluctant to try a three star- but this one shines. It is a well managed property, with staff that cares about the guests. Important details, rennovated rooms, lux bath facilities, closet space. We loved it here!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Panos_and_family
<Content>Very nice hotel         
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>charlplate
<Content>Terrific Service!! If, while visiting Paris, you want to make your home base near the Arc de Triomphe and the Avenue des Champs Elysees, then you seriously want to consider staying at the Hotel Royal Magda. This 3 star hotel is well appointed with a small bar, a comfortable breakfast and lobby sitting area, clean standard rooms, affordable suites, and roomy bathrooms having bathtubs with standing showers and heated towel bars. The Hotel Royal Magda鈥檚 location puts you within 3 to 4 blocks of either the Arc de Triomphe or the Avenue des Champs Elysees and within a 4 to 5 block walk to the Air France bus stop for Charles de Gaulle international airport. But what really sets the Hotel Royal Magda Hotel apart from other 3 star hotels that we have stayed in Paris is the service! While most of our dealings were with Yohan, the daytime manager, our interactions with other staff members were also very pleasant. We were in Paris for the marriage of our youngest daughter. Yohan found us a florist for the wedding bouquets (in August many floral shops in Paris are closed for summer holiday), made reservations at a fantastic restaurant close to the hotel for the groom鈥檚 dinner, and arranged transportation for the bridal party and guests from the hotel to the church and the church to the reception. Yohan accomplished all of this extremely efficiently and with good humor. Yohan and the Hotel Royal Magda are both a class act that our family recommends highly!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AlysonP
<Content>Sorry to be negative I read Tripadvisor all the time and am really sorry to be a nay sayer when all the previous reviews have been sooo good, I usually read the negative ones with a pinch of salt and think they are being too picky but I'm sorry to say that I'm really not too picky.Firstly the good things! Decent sized roomGREAT location literally a stones throw from Champs Elysee and Arc de TriumpheHelpful staff, gave me a cable for the internet and milk for the babyFree Internet Now the average/bad things1)PAPER THIN walls, we were on the 6th Floor with a baby and when the guy on the opp side of our floor came in, I could hear every word of his conversation, his snoring, passing wind and otherwise!2)Doors that dont lock when they close, they need manaully locking a small thing but important if you forget!3)Tiniest lift I ever saw, now I'm not American and dont expect enormous everything but it was genuinely that small that I couldnt get in with the pushchair for the baby without almost tipping her out!Overall a decent night out but I cant give it the rave reviews that others have. If you are happy with cheap/ cheerful/ clean but not perfect then this perfect, sorry to be negative but a true review!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Eibhlin2
<Content>Great value in the heart of Paris We have just returned from a two night stay in this excellent hotel in the heart of Paris. With 6 in our party - 2 adults and 4 children - we found it difficult to find reasonably priced accommodation close to the popular visitor attractions. We found a gem in the Royal Madga. A junior suite accommodated 4 of us and a double room directly across the small hall was perfect for the other 2. The junior suite had 2 rooms with a double bed in one and a double bed settee in the other. A large bathroom, flat screen TV and spacious wardrobes made this an ideal room. The double bedroom had a small veranda onto a quiet street. The hotel was spotless, the staff friendly, helpful and courteous. The location was perfect - a stone's throw from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. While tea and coffee making facilities are not provided there was no problem giving us a kettle to make tea - very welcome after a long day exploring this beautiful city. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone but especially to those travelling with children. We'll be back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hlc219
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel This is not an exaggeration! This place is really a must stay. It is two blocks from the Arc de Triomphe and metro. One block away from the Champs Elysee! Location usually means expensive prices or seedy accomodations. The Royal Magda has all the benefits but none of the disadvantages of a ideally located hotel! It was my mother's birthday and I wanted to take my parents to a nice Paris hotel for their first visit to Europe, but I did not want to spend a fortune. I searched everywhere until a found the reviews for the Royal Magda. It looked amazing on the website, so I decided to book. It was also quite affordable. With all of this going for it, I was quite anxious that the hotel would be completely booked, but they had one room left that met our needs!When we arrived (in the wee hours of the morning), all my expectations were exceeded. I found the pictures on the hotel website to be true to life. The staff is wonderful (especially Yohan who helped us through flight cancellations). The hotel accomodated us without interruption for one extra night when our flight was cancelled. The rooms are clean, pretty and modern (flat screen television). The bathrooms are so clean and HUGE! There is also cute little bar and dining area. You can eat breakfast in the hotel but we did not so I can't really say how it was.I will be staying at this hotel the next time and every time I come to Paris until I start making enough money to stay at the Ritz. Even then, I may still choose to stay at the Magda!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Nicotinia
<Content>Great place We have recently spent a few wonderful days in Paris. This hotel added to the pleasure of the visit. The hotel has a relaxed atmosphere and the staff are very helpful. Our room was very clean and provided a small verandah, a safe, a minibar, flat-screen satelite TV and a hairdryer. The en-suite was fully functional and we were provided with lots of well-laundered towels. OK, we expect all this nowadays, but are sometimes disappointed - but not here. The reception area is compact, as is the lift. The location (a short walk from the Arc de Triomphe) is excellent both for walking to the Champs Elysee and for the Metro. There are many excellent restaurants nearby. If we return to Paris, we plan to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>mmerryde
<Content>On of the best I'm a travel agent in Bordeaux and I came to Paris for visiting hotels. I stayed at the Royal Magda Etoile and I was very surprise about courtesy of the staf. The hotel is very clean and the decoration is so sweet, so lovely. I had very apreciate my stay and I will certainely return there and recommand this so nice hotel to my guest. The didn't know who I am, and I know that client must be welcome as well as me.Congratulation to all the staff.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DKate
<Content>Wonderfull hotel We spend my husband and I a very very pleasant stay in this hotel. The staff is adorable and the hotel very clean.The location can't be beat, as it's situated at 2 minutes walking distance from the Champs Elysees. Many shops, restaurants near the hotel. We will definitively return to this hotel as we really enjoyed our stay.We recommand you especially room 616. This room is so beautiful and quite.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twotogether
<Content>Royal Magda - So convenient and comfortable My wife and I have just enjoyed a five day break in Paris at the Hotel Royal Magda Etoile.The hotel is most conveniently located for the purposes of tourism and is most comfortable, friendly and nicely furnished.Altogether I considered it extremely good value for money and would not hesitate to recommend it to others as a base for a sightseeing visit to this most beautiful of cities.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrekker06
<Content>Wonderful! Great little hotel in the heart of Paris! Charming staff and the Metro and Air France Shuttle are only 2 blocks away. Room was very comfortable and clean, with a larger than normal bath for Paris. I will definitely stay here the next time I am in Paris!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(5469613, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, great location and excellent staff!   showReview(5466233, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite hotel in Paris   showReview(5466132, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xtina
<Content>Royal Magda Etoille   showReview(5428784, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Madga. Awesome !!!   showReview(5424298, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cecile25
<Content>Wonderful hotel in Paris   showReview(5423677, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SergeParis001
<Content>Incredible renovated hotel   showReview(5393879, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien, situation id茅ale et...   showReview(21992444, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Originel
<Content>tr茅s bon hotel   showReview(20655355, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cubana77
<Content>Super Hotel, jederzeit wieder!   showReview(20161702, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GENEVEGen_ve
<Content>charmant h么tel avec accueil chaleureux   showReview(19582548, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EmaCalz
<Content>Molto Bello   showReview(19415545, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JFMM
<Content>Satisfechos   showReview(19322988, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Sofia02
<Content>Una bellissima esperienza       Vista dalla camera da letto  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fantares
<Content>Una buena elecci贸n   showReview(18315930, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>xaviferrer
<Content>Conveniente, Excelente Calidad Precio, Centrico   showReview(16345347, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mcmasanet
<Content>grande classe!   showReview(15368367, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfache und zuverl盲ssige...   showReview(16725328, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chenteche
<Content>Una excelente relacion calidad precio   showReview(12448155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>duemme
<Content>"un hotel da consigliare"   showReview(11717348, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>elminipi
<Content>Estancia perfecta   showReview(10074628, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Giodany
<Content>ottima scelta   showReview(8030436, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>GiulioTV
<Content>Confermo le review positive che avevano guidato la scelta       le scale viste da piano terra  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phil23
<Content>Adorable hotel   showReview(6022041, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarlosM
<Content>Opci贸n muy recomendable   showReview(5785844, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir k枚nnen dieses Hotel nur...   showReview(11340784, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel de charme aux Champs Elysees   showReview(5449323, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>charlotteCapelas
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel   showReview(5410444, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Professionnalisme, courtoisie...   showReview(11340785, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

