<Author>CallumLondon
<Content>Chandelier at the front, TV at the back, dining table in the bathroom We initially selected Amsterdam鈥檚 Lloydhotel as it was the only Amsterdam city hotel available at short notice two days before new year鈥檚 eve. Their website stated rooms available ranging from one to five star 鈥?not conventional for a hotel but we decided on the four star room expecting a certain level of amenities. How disappointed we were. There were three of us staying in a room but, rather than having one large room with an additional bed, we found the room had been designed in an 鈥渁rtistic鈥?way with a large entry area with no heating but a chandelier, leading on to swinging doors (which had no locks) to the bathroom. The bathroom also acted as the wardrobe and dining room!In addition, I was also disappointed with- The room divided into three sections, but only a single light switch at the front- Two large radiators in the back section (master bedroom?), but no heating in the other two areas - No tea or coffee making facilities- No fridge in the room- The TV was very small (something you鈥檇 expect in a two star room) and the remote didn鈥檛 work. The remote was never replaced when requested- The bedding, although good quality, was feather which one of us was allergic to. Housekeeping didn鈥檛 replace all the pillows with synthetic ones despite multiple requestsOn the positive side, the hotel is well situated, the free in-room wi-fi was very good and the reception staff were very polite.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	-1	4	2	4	

<Author>80Traveller
<Content>There Was A Toilet In The Middle Of The Room. The layout of the rooms must have been done by a designer with absolutely no common senese. My room had a concrete floor. My friend's had a shower not 10 feet from the bed, with no wall in between. And the best? The third memer of our party had a toilet in the middle of his room. Seriously, no walls around it, just chilling in the room in full view of the bed. It was the first thing you saw when you walked in the door. The bar was great, though, and the crowd was fun.That said, I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	-1	5	

<Author>Diana80
<Content>Funky design hotel       The exterior  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>emilia_8
<Content>we love it Weve just returned...Really good hotel-friendly staff, clean bathroom (we had a shared one), comfortable beds, NOT smelly duvet and pillows...and building-you need to explore the exhibition, try to open and see as much as you can-you will be surprised! there is a lift but try at least once use stairs. Highly recommende. Opposite hotel is really cheap supermarket and view for canal.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Sugden
<Content>Yet again......simply an amazing hotel       The view from our corridor!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>treegp
<Content>Disturbing! Well! My girlfriend and I had a 4 night stay in a 3 star room.It was a bit weird from the start! We had no idea or information from our booking website that it was a former prison hospital. It looked like doom from the outside and the corridors were morbid on the inside! Our room was big but lacked any storage space and tea/coffee facilities. The strangest thing was that the toilet was IN the shower, so it got soaked everytime you showered, hence having to keep the toilet paper in another room! There was also weird curtains with skeletons on them! Just what i wanted! NOT!Unless you are really really chilled people, dont stay here.The restaurant was very good though.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>legaltraveller82
<Content>Good concept; mediocre execution I stayed here almost two years ago in a 3 star room which included a bathroom, and I had a great experience. This time I was in a 1 star room with a shared bathroom, and I have to say I did not enjoy the hotel this time. A few things: a) the room itself was extremely bland, to the point of being ugly - there comes a point where minimalism and the cool just turn into unattractive and shabby; b) the shared bathroom concept is just poorly executed here. OK I accept not all rooms can have private bathrooms - fine. But if we are forced to share, at least make the experience as comfortable as possible. This isn't a hostel (or is it?) so guests should be entitled to some degree of privacy, even in a shared setting. First of all there are no male/female washrooms - just one for everybody. Secondly there is no separation between the showers and the sink area. It would be easy to put a locking door on each shower cubicle so you have an area to get dressed, towel off, etc without trying to do so in a wet shower stall or a public room. Finally the condition of the showers were absolutely deplorable. They just appear dirty and run down, and the shower nozzle itself looks like it is from the 60's. Generally the staff/management of this hotel seem to have decided on their own version of what is cool, even when in another setting it could be described as cheap and lazy.I also had to comment on the TV channels in the rooms. I know you don't come to Amsterdam to watch TV, but after a long day I like to pop it on to fall asleep to. There is one channel on the TV that plays a video over and over again which is all about airport disasters, hijackings, plane crashes, etc. There is graphic footage of planes crashing to the tune of Do the Hustle. Personally I am blown away by how idiotic and insensitive it is to play this video in a tourist hotel. Why the hell would you play a plane crash video in a place where you know that 95% of people go straight to Schiphol Airport when leaving? It's pretty sick and twisted - though the Lloyd management seem hell bent on finding out how uncomfortable they can make their guests while still getting paid.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>CheshireGeoffrey
<Content>Weird and Wonderful The Lloyd is a strange but perhaps worthwhile experience.Having read a lot of mixed reviews before we went we did not know what to expect - but expected the worst. However, it is not really that bad - just not your normal hotel.We had booked a 3 star room so expected at least a bathroom and a toilet in the room. The question was what sort of bathroom? As our guidebook said - the bedrooms in this hotel are best described by the bathrooms! The problem when you arrive is that you do not know what star room you are being given - you just have to take their word for it - which is a bit unsettling.Our first room (11) was in the basement - being told at reception that it was 1 floor down did not bode well but I was pleasantly surprised as this was a large room bright room with original tiled floor, a good sized double bed, some basic but bright furniture and a separate toilet with a door - what a relief! The bath however was in the middle of the room and my partner did not like that nor being at street level and therefore at eye level for passers by - so we changed the room.The receptionist found us another room straight away and without question - as though they were very used to this request.The second room (603) was on the 6th floor right at the top of the hotel which on first impressions seemed more like a warehouse floor or at best a work in progress with bare walls and concrete floors. Fortunately the lifts were great.It was about as far removed (and not only geographically) from the first room as you could imagine. A lot smaller, in the roof space with exposed beams (a la Anne Franke attic!) and with a section partitioned off for a toilet and shower room by a translucent glass panel. Other features of our strange room included many exposed pipes and ducts, bare concrete floor and a board to put up against the window at night instead of curtains or shutters. The view from the small window however was superb across the IJ - so we decided to settle for this. Both rooms had the same basic furniture but did not have anywhere to put clothing except some hooks with hangers on the wall - so I expect this is common. On the positive side the beds, duvets and pillows are excellent.It was not easy to determine what star room either was - we just had to accept it they were 3 star - and in that respect you could probably get better value for money elsewhere in the town.The rest of the hotel was fine although we did not try the food. The restaurant seemed popular and is modern, bright and clean.Access into town was good with the number 26 tram to Central Station and the number 10 to the museums very handy at the back of the hotel.Overall the hotel was very different and obviously had some meaning - the architects and designers clearly trying to make some sort of statement. If you stay here your enjoyment of the place will depend on whether you get the point of it all or not. I am not sure that we did - and we will put it down to experience. If you don't think you will either you may be better off at some other more conventional establishment.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Oslofjord
<Content>Fun, but... Lloyd is a fun and different experience. The rebuildt prison has lots of surprises, and I`ve never stayed in a hotelroom thats anything like this. For instanse - the shower and toilet in our room was a gigantic, yellow box. We loved the design. But... And yes, there are a few catches.First of all - its a good walk to the central station. Rent a bike the first day, and you`ll be fine. But to walk the distance twice a day? You will curse it after a while.The noise between the rooms is also disturbing. We accidentally walked right in to our neighbour the first day. After the doors were looked properly, we could still hear them and smell every sigarette they smoked.Nice breakfast buffet, but very pricy. 17,5 euros for this???  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Tippy23
<Content>Run away fast ... very fast! Well...we actually never SLEPT at the Lloyd Hotel, because the instant we saw our room, we literally walked out (and checked out). We reserved the 5 star room with the PLASTIC bathroom in the middle (which smelled like an out-house) - literally we thought it was a joke. Whatever you do, don't stay here...  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Joizee_HD
<Content>One of my worst hotel experiences ever! I am usually careful to give only one star to the absolute worst of hotels. This one definitely earns it. Granted, I only booked this hotel because we had a rate from the conference I was attending. I did no homework on the place and simply bought the pitch that it was a designer hotel. What a mistake that was. I wish I had checked out the reviews beforehand. Anyone here praising the quirkiness of this place really has to be into design. I found nothing in the place designed. It was the strangest feeling I ever had in a hotel. Because this place was a former prison, I somehow felt totally creeped out by it. Further, my room was horrible. I booked the 4star (or whatever the rating is) room expecting something better. The room had linoleum flooring which was beaten up, the toilet was standing out in the open in the middle of the three small separate rooms (I presume three separate cells). The two sofas were completely ragged. The shower had mildew. The windows were beaten up. The only thing somewhat OK was the bed but not even that was anything more than standard. I also found the reception extremely unhelpful. The people were fairly rude and seemed bothered when I asked for them to call a taxi for example. The restaurant area is OK I guess but it simply is not enough for me to have anything but the worst of impressions from this place. Think long and hard if you really want to risk it booking this place. it might be the kind of place which floats your boat since you're into this type of experience. Yet, I highly doubt there are that many people who like this kind of thing. Maybe if Hostel 3 gets filmed, this is where they'll probably film it. You might get lucky and bump into a celebrity.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Palo_AltoPaloAlto
<Content>interesting ambience, good value in Amsterdam One of the few reasonably priced hotels in Amsterdam that can comfortably accomodate a family of four in the same room. 2 bedroom, one bath room, with beautiful windows. Convenient restaurant with simple, nicely presented, high quality organic food and an adjacent library. Convenient to the main station by tram. Easy walking distance, over scenic bridges, to the Science museum, and the Amsterdam Central Library . Nestled in a neighborhood with spectacular contemporary architecture. Atmosphere will be greatly enhanced when the indoor smoking restrictions go into effect next summer.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Briar_Rose65
<Content>Really cool hotel       Orange room - 520  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Traveller1310
<Content>Strange, very strange. Interesting  quirky hotel which is a great concept, but unfortunatelydoesn't seem to work as well as it should. The reception staff are friendly and helpful, but the service in the restaurant is pretty disorganized (it took ages for them to bring an order, then when it arrived it was wrong - this happened a few times). We stayed in a 2* room which had an open plan shower right in the middle of the bedroom, which is fine for a couple but not sure how practical it would be for 2 friends sharing. Also the we could hear people walking around in the room above us (and moving furniture about) really loudly, which was annoying and woke us up a few times.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	2	4	

<Author>DanaZ
<Content>Strange Place       The bar and restaurant service  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jetset08
<Content>What a great spot An absolutely great hotel in a City filled with mediocre hotels. If you're going to Amsterdam, this is where you want to stay. The staff went out of their way to make my extended stay comfortable and memorable. I had only to ask for something and someone knowledgeable was more than willing to help. Their staff is top-notch, the top rooms are unique and fun, the setting is very hip, not a trace of snobbery, nice clients, cool bar, great food, nice local area. I really love this spot.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slmnwn
<Content>Hotel Nightmare. I was on a business trip to Amsterdam. My Boss initially booked this hotel for himself but after the first night, he moved to another hotel and got me to replace him. I didnt complain because if I was him, I would have done the same thing. I didnt blame him because I understood straight away why he escaped from this prison.. it was one of the most uncomfortable and horrific places to stay. I slept very little and was paranoid most of the time.. the shower and toilet was togethar and it had these ugly looking tiles and the light was not bright enough. The overall view of this hotel is grey, dark, cold, and lonely. The worse thing was that the bathroom was mile away from my bed and thats where the light switch was so I had to walk all the way in a dark to switch the lights on or off. I could hear people closing and opening the room and walking outside my room. This place was a prison and if you see the hotel, it looks like a prison. They have not done anything to change it. The worst thing is that they are using its history being prison as a selling factor. I wanted to stay away from that place as much as possible. It made me feel extremely lonely. There is a feeling that unhappy people use to stay there ofcourse as it was a prison. After all that, its very expensive. The hotel charged us for 5 nights before I even arrived there. The breakfast was good. I would not recommend anyone to stay there and I think the prison should actually be used not as a hotel but as a historical place for tourist to visit. It can also be used to make a great horror movie.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amirai
<Content>A different room       Our fantastic huge bed!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>unx
<Content>Loved it This place is so different. It is really worth a try. Great beds and bathrooms (we had a shared bathroom but never encountered any problems) and a fantastic restaurant downstairs. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Tymetravel
<Content>A real punishment As a resident of Amsterdam you don't often stay in hotels in your hometown. The seminar I worked for had booked me a room in the trendy, fibrant  self acclaimed cultural ambassady the Lloyd Hotel. I really looked forward to spending some time over there. I'm sorry to say it was a terrible experience. The 'high concept' of the hotel gets in the way with basic needs, like hospitality. The whole place echoes its former function as prison. Litterary, because the accoustics are dreadful. The 'desiger rooms' are actually very poorly furnitured and a little awkward - f.e. you really have to like having a toilet in the middle of your room. The staff decides which programs 'of cultural interest' are to be shown on the hotelroom televisions. The food in the restaurant is served with the same spartanic principles of cultural correctness: A steak is a piece of very red meat and nothing else, fish is nothing more then a very dead sea animal and you have to be made aware of this fact. But all these things can be considered as funny, or -at most- original. The worst thing however is the attitude of the staff. I have never experienced such a group of pretentious, unwelcoming, self absorbed staff members as here and it made me feel ashamed towards my fellow seminar attendants, who came from all over Europe. Not all Dutch people are like this, guys.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>LondonTabs
<Content>Love or Hate We have just returned from a three night stay at the Lloyd.Three stops on the tram from Centraal Station.The star ratings are somewhat confusing and room allocation seemed to be a bit of 'Pot Luck'. Every room is unique and intriguing, designed by leading Dutch designers with unusual concepts.We stayed in a 'four star' room which was very comfortable and unusual, a little on the small side. The shower room lay in between what was a sitting room (our son's bed) and our bedroom and reminded me of a sports changing room.One would need to know the people you shared with very well as the toilet is far from private. However after the initial reaction we embraced hotel's 'quirkiness'.We were greeted with warmth and made to feel at home.Service was a little laid back but this is Amsterdam! Breakfast was comprehensive and not too expensive. The bar is small but very reasonable prices and as guests we were able to take our drinks into a comfortable seating area in the restaurant and chill on the sofas.We were able to explore and take in the Hotel's somewhat sad history and its jubilant restoration.There was a Library with free internet access, a maze of stairwells and interesting mezzanine floors ,combining old, original with ultra modern.This is not the run of the mill Hotel!We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>hsunnyg
<Content>2 nights wished it was two weeks Having been in Amsterdam before i was aware that many of the hotels are small, some expensive for the state of the room presented. So it was refreshing to find the lloyds hotel close to Central Station and which looked a good standard of accomodation. On arrival my husband and I were allocated a room on the top floor, the whole area entering our rooms seemed so remote from the rest of the hotel and the room was so dark, as the windows were high any view was only achieved by standing on a chair. I knew I could not stay a night in such a room.I went to reception and explained and was given the keys of another room wihout any fuss and was told it was important that guests were happy.Our next room on the second floor was aboslutely beautiful, all in white with designer furnishings, so light and airy. The rest of the hotel was great, a library for guests with an amazing range of art literature, the resturant is slightly exensive but he service was good and the bar had a cheery barman. I would recommend and certainly return to Lloyds.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>stamaheep
<Content>First impressions. The Lloyd hotel in Amsterdam is 40 minutes walk from central and 10 euros taxi ride, trams 25 and 26 run nearby.Anyways, the cheapest rooms are like prison cells they havent changed them much in the revamp( from a prison!). We waited 30 minutes at reception to check in, this was from 15.30 to 16.00 as rooms were not ready!!!! Apart from these small annoyances our stay was just ok. im sure other hotels provide better fascilities for a lot less in price as we got a deal of 290 euros for 3 nights and it wasnt worth that. Breakfast was extra.Drinks at the bar are also very expensive i.e 4 vodka and orange juice drinks came to 30 euros, the drinks were small.The hotel is of unique design in communal areas so i guess this is what you are paying for. Staff are friendly enough.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	2	5	2	4	3	

<Author>bigstampy
<Content>Out of the ordinary This is an unusual hotel, different from the normal run of the mill. I had a large and comfortable room, minimalist design which actually turned out to be quite relaxing! Its a few stops on the tram from the city, the road is reasonably quiet. The tram stop is close by, as is the canal hopper service. If you like design, or want to try something different then this might be for you.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>stephanapolis
<Content>A Must-See if you appreciate Art/Design or just want something different       the restaurant  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>bubskj
<Content>No Class The Lloyd Hotel is the worst hotel I have stayed in when I've been to Amsterdam. The Staff were friendly(happy 2 order cabs when needed), although we didn't need them for much. You can tell straight away that the hotel used to be a prison and this is reflected throughout the hotel in the rooms, corridors, bathrooms etc. We stayed in a quad room, and were given a double bed and 2 single, what looked to be, hospital beds. in between the rooms was the bathroom, and this was very inconvenient for us. The whole set up of the room was wrong. However, this was only for the quad room(other rooms are probably slightly different)We didn't even bother trying to walk to Dam square, it felt like we were in the middle of no where with no local shops for food. A cab took us about 10 mins, so walking would have been close to 40mins. I could go on about this hotel, but luckily we only stayed there for 3 nights. its better to spend an extra 拢30 for a better hotel a bit closer to Dam square, it'll also save you money on cabs.All in all, it was definitely an experience, staying at the hotel, but not one that I'd like to have again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sbluey
<Content>Weird I booked this under a mistaken recommendation, apparently the LLoyd is a popular name for a hotel! I was also pretty impressed by the 5* room photos on the hotel's website so I thought I'd give it a whirl.After waiting for 10 minutes for the receptionist (sitting in a booth not much larger than a London phone box) to finish her phone call, I was able to scruitinize the dining room and the grotty tiles lining the floor of this former prison. For the next 12 hours (thank goodness) of my stay this was always in the back of my mind.My room had a quirky, sauna-esque tinterior with a bed big enough for 8 people! (It was a great shame I was staying alone). The bathroom was a lurid green which the most uncomfortable looking bath I've ever seen.In short I wouldn't stay here again, but it was an experience!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>BarbaraTravels
<Content>Love it or hate it, I really liked it I loved my 3-star room, because I like minimalist design. It was big, interesting and I found Al Jazeera English on the TV channels. Liked the history of the building, which is documented with photos in one of the staircases. Really enjoyed exploring the area (Eastern Docklands, Java Island) on a bike from the hotel. It is a fascinating architecural project. And the hotel only 3 tram-stops, or half an hour on foot, from Central Station. Calm, attractive. Liked the restaurant -- its layout, atmosphere and the food.That being said, the prices are a bit high, and I think that they still have some glitches with their computer system. The staff were excellent.I would go back again to the Lloyd Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller1Helsinki
<Content>Stylish, quirky, different... The people who give this hotel bad reviews simply do not get it. If you travel constantly and are fed up of your standard business hotel with rooms laid out in USA style, of boring rooms, of standardised service etc etc, then this place is a breath of fresh air. It is stylish and quirky. The restaurant is excellent. Way above the standard of most hotel restaurants, except the very best 5 star ones. The best thing about this hotel is that it is DIFFERENT. If you are unsettled about that and only want the standard and normal, then it is not for you.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anywherewilldo
<Content>Oh My God! Well, Well, Well鈥︹€here do I start with this Hotel! I think to sum up this hotel I would say this. If you are looking for your partner to divorce you book this hotel, If you are looking at getting lucky, keep dreaming! This hotel is an embarrassment and the comedy of errors were the only things that kept us smiling. Night 1- Arrived around 11, Given room 2 downstairs in the basement. Entered room, it was smelly, musty and generally the sort of room you would put your step mother in when she comes to visit so she would not come again. The following morning having a shower, it started to flood the room! Off to the office I go and demand a better room. Which to their credit I was given. Off to Breakfast, Advise skip it, at 12 Euros Macdonald's has more appeal! Night 2- 1.30am in the Morning, Awoken by knocks on the door and then the door opens to a staff member coming in. I have no idea what he wanted but a few - ---s later he ran away, He was lucky I was half a sleep or he would have had something thrown at him across the room.The remaining two nights we had no adventures or nightmares but on checking out I complained again about the room downstairs and the lady on the desk said yeah I would agree they are not the best of rooms. I wouldn鈥檛 mind the hotel as much if I was paying backpackers rates, but at nearly $700 Euro I would expect some class and care to attention. They don鈥檛 even tell you the tram track is just a short walk over the back, or that they actually sell you Tram passes. To be honest the rooms have no information in them about the area or anything like that.I would most definitely recommend people stay clear of this hotel and I am just lucky I got out of Amsterdam with my wife not looking for a divorce!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ernavandeven
<Content>not as nice as I expected I stayed one night at this hotel. I was told you could compare it to the Hotel New York in Rotterdam. Unfortunately I must say you can't compare them. I liked the Rotterdam Hotel far more. We stayed at a 3 star room. The bathtube was in the middle of the room therefor you hardly could open the closet. It was also diffucult to get into bed. You had to crumble to get in. I think the room was overpriced: 130 euro, breakfast 12,50 euro pp.The frontdesk was very small so you had to wait quite some time.It took about 30 minutes before someone could explain me how I could get to the address where I had my businessmeeting.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Optomistictraveller1
<Content>Disappointing and unbelievably long check out time On the positive side the beds are extremely comfortable.Not really any discernable difference between the 3* and 4* rooms that we booked - if anything the 3* one was slightly nicer (4* room had very tatty rug in it which impacted on the overall look of the room).The bathrooms have been mentioned a lot on previous reviews - the system of opening the cupboard doors to create an enclosed bathroom is quite innovative and different and we worked out how to use it pretty quickly. I can understand why some people didn't though and think it would make sense for people checking into those rooms to be told how the bathroom works when they check in to avoid confusion.We arrived to find that we couldn't check in until 3.00pm at the weekend, which hadn't been made clear when the reservation was made and was a bit of a hassle as we'd intended to get changed before heading out for the afternoon. Again - would make sense to just let people know that the check in time is fairly late on in the afternoon so there are no surprises.Overall the website gives a much better impression of the hotel than the reality. I like quirky hotels, but they can be done a lot better than this. A comparable example would be the Malmaison hotel in Oxford which was an old prison and has retained it's quirkiness and character, but has significantly higher quality decor, facilities and service for the same price as a 3* star room in this hotel.The main issue however was the check out process. The reception area is ridiculously small and the queue for checkout was huge which meant that the narrow corridor beside the reception was very crowded and it was hard to be clear who should go next. The checkout process also seemed to be ridiculously slow with numerous phone calls needing to be made and details needing to be checked - this should not have been a complex process. It was as if they weren't used to lots of people checking out at the same time - this was 12.00 on a Sunday - surely they should be used to handling relatively high volumes of people at this time and manage to handle it with a modicum of efficiency. There was an extra room service charge on my bill that I hadn't ordered or signed for, but when I told the receptionist that was the case he said that it could be rectified but it would take a while - it was as if he was expecting me to say 'OK then don't worry I'll just go ahead and pay it to save you time'. When he finally did agree to take the incorrect charge off my bill he wasn't at all apologetic. I then received an e-mail the next day from the night porter who had served me the room service that I actually had ordered (and been more than happy to pay for) saying that I had declined to pay for it and implying that I was lying about having placed the order.This should not have been a major issue - incorrect charges get applied to bills all the time - but when that does happen and it's quite clear that a mistake has been made, hotel staff should deal with it quickly and efficiently and with good grace - not make the guest feel that they are being out of order for refusing to pay for goods that they have not received.I would definitely not recommend this hotel or stay there again - unless your only concern is a comfortable bed!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>LadyAmelia
<Content>Miles from anywhere and tries too hard We stayed in a standard price double room here - the building looks amazing from the outside, as does the entrance, bar and communal areas. But our room was stuck down in the basement, was like an old stone dormitory (not in a shabby chic way) and was actually a bit damp-feeling and uncomfortable. Different, yes, but luxurious and comfortable? Absolutely not. Arty it was, but it was sacrificed for any obvious signs of good service or food. Actually the food was overpriced and dire. Typical of Amsterdam, to be honest, but you really expect something special from a new international-cool hotel that this claims to be.Oh, and it's way out of the centre so requires a tram ride to get anywhere. Nightmare if you're on a city break and want to explore the canals. Do yourself a favour and come here for a drink one night, but stay somewhere central and comfortable instead.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jim.seath
<Content>The most impractical hotel on the planet         
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>MTL1969
<Content>Interesting Altenative in Amsterdam after my stay here I had to laugh when I read the review below where somebody complained about the 'minimal room with a dixi bathroom'. Obvioulsy this hotel is not for everybody. The 'dixi bathroom' is a creation by the Dutch design group Atelier Van Lieshout. Some people find their design unuasal and unpractical, but I guess the Lloyd hotel aims to be an alternative to cookie-cutter chain hotels.I booked the 5* room and when I arrived asked to be shown the available ones as I had heard they were all different. The friendly receptionist accompanied me to 5 different rooms and gave me some explanations. In the end I picked a attic room with a huge pointed room of wooden beams and a large tub in the middle of the room. the bed was large and very comfy. Perhaps 200 EUR is a bit much- but it certainly was vey different from most hotel rooms I stay in. The whole bulding is a gem and very Dutch- and in a way, so are the rooms. They have kept many of the old touches and some furniture- some people would complain about old stuff, others will apprecaiate teh bit of history and authenticity. My only comment would be that the hotel would do well to touch up the paint in the hall ways- many scratchmarks that leave a bit of a worn out first impression. The free wireless internet worked a charm- you also get a free 'adult entertainment' channel at night (confiming one Amsterdam stereotype...)The restaurant/ bar looked nice, there was pleasant live music and an art performance the night I stayed. The surroundings give you the opportunity to explore a different side of Amsterdam, although I think many visitors will still prefer to spend most of their time in the historic center. But there are some bars and shops around and it is all very authetically Dutch- just not as old as the center. My only gripe would be that the tram could run a little more often (currently only once every 15mins at night)So if you are looking for an interetsing alternative in amsterdam, and have an interest in design and art the Lloyd might be for you. If you want 4* creature comforst, stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>pipsa-suomi
<Content>Former Prison that has not changed much The hotel is a former prison that has not changed much. Leave it to the dutch to design a hostel (disguished as a hotel) that has five classes of room that only vary really in size and whether or not there is a bathroom in the room.Bathroom is in quotations as the ones in the room are pre-fab fiberglass installations improperly stuated in the center of the room in some cases. There is a noticeable pumping action when the shower is in use, apparently removing the waste water. I wondered why a pump was needed on the fifth floor The quote unquote five star rooms have no refrigerator, no air (dreadful this past summer), lightbulbs hanging from a chord on the ceiling. Staff were friendly but very limited. Finally, I would like to think that the five star rooms were subsidizing the less well off one star tenants (in this prison tenament) but it appears that they were paying inflated prices as well. Finally, the best (and one of the few) feature of the hotel was the outdoor terrace restuarant with its very dedicated staff and great menu and drink and the hotel's proximity to public transportation and a grocery store. Finally, its best for those who want the deja vu of reliving the hostel experience WITHOUT the low price.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>dreammachine
<Content>Nice Stay - but not 'Exceptional' The Lloyd hotel is a nice place, in a decent location, and staffed with some nice people. The history of the building is interesting and my walk around the area (this being low season) was notincredible - but was pleasant. The best thing about the hotel is that it is clean and open - and somewhat secluded. The pricing is not bad for low season. However, the thing to watch out for (and this is demonstrated in some of the other guest complaints) is the unique way in which the hotel categorizes the rooms. I booked for 3 nights and was happy with my room. But, being a category 4 room I expected something a bit more than what I got - it was basic and not interesting- certainly not exceptional. There is much said about the interiors and furniture, etc... but I found that much of it is hyperbole. There is much difference between a 1 and a 5 perhaps - but I suggest you pay close attention to anything in between. Many of the rooms are not much of an improvement on category 1 - except space. But, there are some gems to be found. Just make sure you get one! The public space is well designed and interesting. I visited in the low season, of course, and as such the atmosphere was slower - but I can imagine the Lloyd holds its own when it comes to the high season festivities.I was just pleased to be in Amsterdam and the hotel room sufficed. I suggest, if you are travelling soon, checking out the old Postal building housing the Stedelijk - either in the day ornight..... the view is great... especially while dancing! The centraltrain station is really not that far away - and the tram station behind the hotel is very safe, clean, and quite modern! Either thetram 10 or 26 can get you anywhere you want to go pretty quickly! Decent place, interesting history - but nothing truly exceptional apart from the public area and engaging staff!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>cat740
<Content>loved the lloyd When I travel I want a clean quiet place and the possibility of a good meal close by. The Lloyd was that, spare yet efficient. A wonderfully helpful staff, free internet, a library and a dining room with simple yet yummy food. It feels very familiar because you have access to so much of the hotel. The layout is well designed so that its a safe and comfortable place for children. They can go to the art area next to the computer area and still be close to parents in the dining room or lounge. I liked being a little off the beaten path. Its residential Amsterdam. Its not really that isolated.There are some great stores nearby in the dock area. This offered a chance to purchase interesting presents and also an opportunity to see another way of life in Amsterdam. Transportation was so easy that it never was a problem. Check the tram schedule beforehand get a bunch of tram tickets at the train station and you're set. I was there in the winter. It was warm and cozy.This isn't the experience you want if you are in search of luxury, however, for some of us who revel in the simple, its perfect!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nataliecurfew
<Content>unforgettable horrible               More photos  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>jlynnnyc
<Content>Interesting Another reviewer wrote that the Lloyd Hotel is a bit like staying in an Ikea. I agree, but in a good way. The rooms are inventive (showers in the middle of the room, moving walls, etc.). My sibling and I (we're in our mid-twenties) really enjoyed staying here. My parents (in their 50s), however, weren't as thrilled with the atmosphere. It's off the beaten tourist track, but still convenient to public transportation (a nearby tram stop runs to Centraal station every 15-min. or so). The downside to the location is the lack of places to eat immediately surrounding it. The only nighttime option was the hotel's restaurant. The restaurant is as idiosyncratic as the rooms. The whole menu is a la carte and has everything from hummus sandwiches to baked potatoes to scrambled eggs--all served 24 hrs. Prices, however, are on the steep side and there's a whopping 7-euro fee for room service.The building itself is a converted school and prison. There's an interesting exhibit about the history inside. As such, the interior feels a bit industrial, which I liked, but which might not be for everyone. There's also a cultural center inside the hotel w/a library. A concert hall is nearby as well.Oh yes, and there's a free porn channel. I love Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>luvluv2travel
<Content>comfy beds Its such a cool hotel! We only stayed in their 1 star room. The room was really small, and we couldn't look out the window, but I must say that the beds were really clean and comfortable. The architecture of Lloyd Hotel is so uniquely designed. The place has many windows, which made it very bright. Internet is free, which is so important. The staff were generally very friendly. The also have 2 supermarket close by. The tram 26 from Centraal Station only took 8 minutes. The place was so posh that the day we were heading out, we noticed a lot of tall and beautiful girls in the hallway. They were holding folders, which happened to be portfolios. There were about 20-50 models just waiting to audition for some sort of hair commercial. Says a lot about the place. Highly recommend it! It's close to the city, but not right in the city  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>HighSpeed
<Content>Magic My wife and I came from Paris and decided to treat ourselves to 3 nights in one of the 5* Unforgettable rooms. We got the one with the gigantic down bed. Very large room esp. for Europe, bed was like sleeping in clouds, food was great , service was excellent, and tram stops right at the front door. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SazzaRug
<Content>It was divine! Having desired a few days away from the world of work and stuff, I thought Amsterdam would do nicely. For me, the Lloyd Hotel provided an ideal breather from it all. I booked a 3* room, and although the first room I was booked to wasn't to my taste (it was perfect in terms of cleanliness, comfort etc though), the next room was perfect. THe staff were not just friendly, but also really helpful as well, From changing my room without making a fuss of it, giving me advice on how to get from A to B, to still being friendly and professional to a fellow inhabitant who, in my opinion, was just plain rude for no reason, every single member of staff was extremely professional and personable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants something different from the usual bland type of hotel, but doesn't want to compromise on service.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jkotinis
<Content>questionable behavior I booked through Expedia the hotel and paid for a 4 star room.This because I wanted light from windows. From the photos on the web , I understood that 4 star rooms at least had quite much of light.We checked in and we found ourselves on 5th floor (lower level of roof) with a small window of 40*90 cm, very very dark but yes big though.I checked with the reception and they confirmed that this room (520) is a 4 star room. At the evening I want to ask again the reception because the room was so dark and with no fresh air (window could open by a small portion of 5 cm). I found another receptionist and I chhecked again. This guy told me that this is a 3 star room. When I told him that the receptionist in the morning told me that this is a 4 star room , as I had booked online, he said that he was mistaken and he didn't know the category of this room. I said that this is big problem, since it seemed to me that they cheated me (by accident or not).Next morning I ask for the manager to another receptionist, and she admits (receptionist) finally that the room is indeed a 3 star room and that a mistake was made. She offered to find an alternative room of 4 stars , we checked this, the new one was 4 star with light and fresh air. Finally we didn't move (we didn't want to loose time on moving things around) and the only thing I asked was to find a way to have a refund of the price difference between 3 star and 4 star rooms. Receptionist said that will do that (don't actually know what happened till now) and also they offered us 2 breakfasts and also a basket with fruits.The point from my experience is that I paid for something that was not delivered and they tried also to cheat me by telling lies.They preffered not to say that they had made a mistake in bookings and they tried to convienvce me that a 3 star room was a 4 star room. That's unacceptable and unprofessional bahavior , from my point of viewSo my only advise is to double check when you make a booking in this lovely, modern, young and charming hotel (in all other aspects)  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>MsPs
<Content>Cobwebs, no light - a shambles The two star rooms - described as surprising on the lloyd website certainly live up to their name. However, this surprise was more of a shock than a delight. The room, in the basement (by no means a bargain) had no natural light, the door to the room did not close properly (as a woman staying alone this was a worry), cleaning equiptment had been left in the bathroom, no mirror, no hairdryer, tiny tiny bed and worst of all pipes which led down through my room so you could hear when anyone above had flushed the loo - the pipes were covered in cobwebs and spiders - this room cannot have been cleaned for a long time. Absolutely awful - stay in the Hotel Bellevue if you want cheap, pleasant and clean instead. I wish I had photos to share how awful this place was.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Iceberg678
<Content>Special but a little shabby stayed for 2 nights in a 1* room. Good bed. Room is simple, Dutch style. Bathroom was on the other side of the hall and just a little too shabby. Broken (original) tiles, towels on the floor from other users. Very barren. The hallway was also used as a storage space. Some tables, chairs, a wooden staircase. Very messy impression. Reception is ridiculously small. Management: gives those friendly boys and girls a decent place to work from. Breakfast and reading area is great. Lot of sofas to relax on, newspapers to read. Nice crowd of people who like something different. The area is developing with some nice cafes and restaurants around. Good public transport to the city. Would I go there again... only if I get my own shower. For the 1* room you better go to the Youth Hostel and stay at less than halve of the price.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarahBella
<Content>Very cool hotel! I stayed in the Lloyd hotel with my boyfriend for a fun trip to Amsterdam...The only set back with this hotel is that it wasn't very close to Centraal Station, not like stated in a few websites...but it was about a 5-10 min cab ride away.Anyway, we started off in a 2 star bedroom, which was very funky, with a huge comfy bed and feather pillows. Had a great nights sleep, and it was very quiet.We were moved into a 5 star room a little later on, which was HUGE with a massive bathtub, and a little living room area. I enjoyed the modern look to the hotel, which could be seen everywhere.Breakfast...we ordered the buffet, and just picked a few things since we were on the run, apparently, they expect you to pig out on it, so it was a bit pricey. The staff were very friendly, and the food was great :) They have a lovely little back patio where you can sit in the evening and have a drink. I would def. stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>martin_austria
<Content>sorry, but this is a ridiculous place               
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>TravellilngRachael
<Content>Good Hotel... This is a great hotel to stay in if you expect to be out and about most of the day. The rooms are comfortable, we stayed in a 3* room which had a super comfy double bed, armchair, table and chairs and TV. The bathroom was fine with dcent shower, but like most european hotels there are no tea / coffee making facilities and the room does feel a bit sparse (like Ikea!). The hotel has a relaxed, cafe feel about the place and a very good restaurant. I can recomend the poached pear with chocolate! Staff are very helpful and can reccommend you to a lot of good places of interest - excellent English.The only downsode to this hotel is the fact that the walls are very thin and you can hear people quite clearly in the room / corridoor next to you!I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clarington
<Content>A bit like staying in IKEA I recently stayed in a 3* room with my husband on our Honeymoon. From reading other reviews we knew the hotel was going to be a bit different and on the arty side.We enjoyed staying at the hotel and liked the room, it was very clean and practical for a short stay. I was glad that the room we got had a separate bathroom, rather than one of the 'fold out' feature bathrooms which I had read about. The bathroom was a 'wet room' (had a shower with no curtain so the water went where it fell) but was designed in a practical way so not everything got wet.The room had shutters rather than curtains and overlooked the water, so on a sunny morning the room was lovely and bright (once the shutters were fully open) and the view was appealing.The location of the hotel is a short tram ride from the centre and the trams are frequent. If you liked walking, you could easily walk into the centre. We choose not too, as we toured Amsterdam by foot when we reached the centre. The area around the hotel is fairly quiet, it looked like it was a business area which went quiet at weekend and in the evenings.The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful and the whole place had a young and modern feel to it. My husband thought the interior of the hotel was designed in the same style as some of the stuff you see in IKEA, several areas where very open plan.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JeffJC
<Content>Fantastic            
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>marine45
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I have returned from a great weekend in Amsterdam the Hotel could not have been better, great staff, brilliant location. The Lloyd is a old building (pre 1930) that has been completely refurbished to a high standard ( I you are looking for old fashioned) this Hotel is not for you. The staff are young and enthusiastic but not in your face trying to sell this and that, the food is very good we were told that all the food was organic however we have no way to proof that, but the taste was great. Trams are the accepted mode of transport and they are so good you have no need of a car. From the Airport jump the Amtrak, get your ticket from the machine about 7.00eu for two (the machines are a little frustrating but you will get the hang of it) the staff at the airport and rail station are extremely courteous and friendly and very helpful. From Central station jump on a 26 tram to the Hotel (tell the driver you are going to the Lloyd and they tell you when to get off over the PA system.(cool eh!!) The rooms are very minimalist however the beds are superb with real feather quilts etc. Going into the centre of town jump the 10 tram and enjoy the night life. We have been before and would certainly go again, the Dutch are possible the best europeans of us al, l and we could learn many lessons from them in terms of how to welcome our visitor's to our city's.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Padston
<Content>Quirky and fun! This is certainly not a hotel for a romantic break away but great for a group of people visiting Amsterdam. Just been on a hen party and stayed there and really enjoyed it. The rooms were fairly basic but quirky and the bed was one of the most comfy I have slept in! The bathroom was roomy, but bit wierd no shower curtain meaning it got soaked! The staff were really friendly - very helpful and spoke perfect English. The hotel is only a mnute from the nearest tram stop and then 5/10 minutes into Centraal, really handy for the centre. I wouldnt come here with my husband but for a fun trip with lots of mates where you need somewhere functional but nice to sleep, this is it!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LushOne
<Content>Skip this hotel This hotel seemed to be a glorified hostel. The hallways and rooms - we stayed in a 4 star room - were sparse and still prison-like. The shower in our room left the entire bathroom in a puddle and, since it was exposed and placed between the bedroom and the front door, it was nearly impossible to avoid the mess. On the plus side, the room was rather large, but it was noisy. We could hear other guests drunkenly singing all night long.Another major drawback to the hotel is the location. One must take a train to get back into the city center, and there is virtually nothing to do in the immediate area.There are a number of other hotels in Amsterdam that are far more appealing than this 'hostel' with more warmth, better service and that are less expensive as well. Unless you like the look and feel of a prison, I'd skip this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SubrosaReview
<Content>Unique, wonderful and off the beaten path! Lloyd Hotel AmsterdamOur taxi brought us from the Airport, and as we passed a 3 story table on the corner, we realized our hotel was a bit outside of the center and located in the wonderfully clean and unique design district. (Hint. Take the train from the airport鈥?it is quicker, cheaper, and right on the tram or a short taxi ride from central station). The taxi driver told us that our hotel was an old prison for children and has been referred to as the Lloyd Hotel for many years by delinquent youth! I was curious how he knew the lingo of these youth鈥?and looked at my partner like 鈥榳hat are we getting ourselves into鈥? Our anxiety was quickly diminished on arrival. Although it has a distant feel of old school house, the design is clean and comfortable. The rooms range in categories from shared bathroom accommodations to luxury theme suites... The public areas are open and resemble large living rooms or common areas at a rich kid鈥檚 school鈥?br/>Staff was efficient and helpful, we arrived but our reservation hadn't...so they quickly set us up and we checked in for the night without too much delay.We found our 5star room had all the comforts and a bit of oddities that made it interesting. The beds and linens were soft and comforting, the pillows fluffy down and the amenities were adequate.The restaurant is ala carte with simple and excellent food cooked to perfection. The main dishes are not overdone with spices or sauces (those you order to your liking on the side). Choices of perfectly prepared veggies, chips and salads are available and the home made desserts are wonderful!!Free Wireless is the key, allowing us to roam freely in the hotel and work as needed.The hotel hosts a cultural center, which has cultural nights... our stay coincided with one on Africa (the night before our flight to Africa left!).Rent the bikes and ride into town, it is close and loads of fun!!This hotel is highly recommended for those who like unique eccentricities, good service and a great meal.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cvwgi
<Content>Very odd, very quirky but definitely an experience I also read the reviews of this hotel and anticipated my stay there, arranged by the organizers of a conference I was staying, with great trepidation. There is something very odd about the place including the odd, user unfriendly rooms and somewhat strange staff (when you can find them). In addition it's simply difficult to find the door. It's really not clear where the main entrance is! But if you take advantage of it you can explore a very interesting area of the city. There are a few good restaurants, the walkway along the River as well as the Stedelijk Museum as long as they're still there and in the end..it's simply not that remote. It's on two convenient tram lines and if you're up to walking, about a good twenty minutes to the central station. Not as removed as one might think when first arriving. I regret not changing my room as I was stuck on the sixth floor in a charming but VERY hot room with a small dormer window that barely opened. The long hallways were also a bit creepy. But the feel of the main restaurant, lounge, visitor center etc. was really very nice. All in all a memorable experience. Although I'm not sure that I'd choose it again I don't regret the explore to the up and coming Eastern Docklands area.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>miles26r
<Content>Why are you all so negative about this place? I had read all of the bad reviews of the Lloyd here on Tripadvisor. How bad can it be? I wondered. I'm completely flummoxed by why people seem to dislike the Lloyd so much. I think it's a great hotel. It begs to be explored and experienced. There are lectures (we attended one on Ubuntu--a South African concept of humanity towards others,鈥? there is a tremendous library, crazy staircases and multiple levels and a great restaurant. Yes the hallways are narrow without wall-to-wall carpeting and railings to hold on to. Yes the rooms are sparse, but my wife and I welcomed the lack of some horrible Thomas Kinkade-type painting looming over our bed. The Lloyd exceeds in its efficiency and refreshing out-of-the-boxness. Sure, the bathrooms could use a few more hooks and a shelf here and there, but as the previous reviewer stated, give it some time. As for complaints about remoteness: If you want to be in the thick of Amsterdam's crowds and frat boy infested center than this isn鈥檛 the place. But if you're interested in seeing what appears to be a developing area with lots of great, new architecture and you don't mind a quick tram ride, than it鈥檚 just fine. We found all of the staff accommodating and pleasant. I will definitely return and recommend. Thank you. M.Rohan.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very weird, felt just like the prison it is I agree with other travelers, this place was awful. It was an old prison and our room felt exactly like a prison cell. We paid about $200 for one night and were given a room in the basement with almost no sun light. The bathroom and room set up is exactly like a prison cell, dark and gray and stark. I literally felt like we were being punished while staying there. We didn't eat there because we just wanted to be away from the place. If you came to tour amsterdam it is set far far away from everything else in the city center and there is no restaurants or anywhere to stroll in the nearby vicinity. There is a direct tram line, but if you came to vacation in amsterdam/europe this is not the place to stay.I agree the pictures on the website ar every misleading. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Dublin8
<Content>Quirky: give it time Quirky, but very Dutch. You need to be open-minded: they lost our reservation, the occasional furnishings are (deliberately) jumble sale in style, the Cultural Centre is a bit pretentious and full of books you wouldn't send to Oxfam, the institutional feel can be a bit overpowering. But: the rooms can be stylish, if unconventional, the overall feel of the place is cool, the canteen (for breakfast and perfectly good meals at extended hours) pleasant. Not for those needing identikit comforts. Relatively unusual location in the rejuvenated Eastern docklands: interesting if you like architecture or urban planning. Summer 2005 should have seen a direct tramline open to the railway station, already at the terminus of the circular tram line, which is very convenient for many things. As a tourist, a mercy to be away from the horrors of some of Amsterdam's tourist fleshpots. An interersting choice of hotel in Amsterdam: don't set your expectations too high though. The website might lead you to expect a more conventionally boutique hotel. Instead you get a Dutch experience: all-comers welcome, modest, thrifty, in an unusual (but well-connected and quite real) area.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get me out of here! This place was horrible, it's an old prison that had had changed little in terms of atmosphere since it became a hotel. In fact I struggle to apply the term 'hotel' to it. Think cramped corridors with old shabby furniture from a yard sale, it feel like you are being punished for staying here. It's miles away from the city centre in an area that has obviously been 'regenerated' i.e. rough and industrial so taxis cost a lot to get away from it. Please note that the website is completly misleading and makes the place look really good. It's positioned as a newly done up place of all things cool and edgey, it's not. For the money they charge you're better off staying anywhere in the centre of town.I was there for business but it was so bad I had to check into another hotel after one night. If I was paying to stay there myself I would have cried. The decor is not just terrible but shabby. In my room the toilet was in the shower, I had no hanging rail in the cupboared that was suppose to be my wardrobe and I had 7 chairs of faded quality. The linen didn't look to clean and the base of the bed was dirty. My headboard was a radiator surrounded by cracked tiles. I had requested a double bed but was given a room with two singles that weren't even pushed together. Because the whole place is covered in (ugly, brown) tiles I was kept awake all night by people walking by my room. The pictures on the sight made the rooms look chic and scandinavian but they are just sparse and cold.I have no problems with the main space in the hotel, the restaurant / lounge / bar, although it did all look like a canteen (a prison one at that). When I came back from work I was subjected to a documentary about ... of all things ... tulips. Nice. It was projected onto a wall in the open space so there was no escape unless I accepted a 5% room service charge in my room. But since I wanted to spend as little time as possible in there and being miles away from anywhere else I suffered it. In addition when I ordered a drink I was informed with a shrug of the shoulders that the hotel didn't have what I wanted so I would have to order something else. I was fine with that but then the drinks that came were made with so little care and tasted terrible we had to complain.The best thing about this hotel was leaving it. I pity anyone who stays here.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>I-AM-ON-HOLIDAYS
<Content>You鈥檝e got to stay here       The entrance to the hotel  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lloyd Hotel Although it may be partly due to the fact that it's not full tourist season yet (so they have a little more time for each guest), but the the Lloyd was great, everyone was friendly, helpful, attentive and service was quick but not rushedStayed in a 1* room which was basic (as expected)but with great bedding and views and the rest of the hotel more than made up for this (very contempory), even the shared bathroom and toilet were in great condition and actually quite niceReception gave us directions when needed and tram only took 5 mins to get to townGood food (plenty of veggie food for me too)and fair pricesWould DEFINATELY stay there again  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend at all We have just returned from a two night stay at the Lloyd hotel.We were expecting the Hotel, from the reviews we had read to be a little different but it was in fact weird.Our room in the loft space was spacious but it also housed the exposed central heating pipes for the hotel so was warm and noisy.There was no carpet on the floor just rough floorboards and a coir matting which meant you had to wear shoes all the time. There were no tea/coffee making facilities and when i asked reception for non-feather bedding they were unable to provide this.Some other members of our party reported having showers and toilets in the middle of their bedrooms!, we were lucky then we had a seperate wet room.The dining room was nice, but breakfast was like a chimps tea-party with nowhere near enough food provided for all the guests.There were fights almost breaking out for the last crossaint!.In conclusion this hotel is not good value for money and i would definately not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Telling Off The good telling off by one of the breakfast staff was the last straw. Twice I had been to the breakfast buffet to find the fruit bowl empty. When I asked for some fruit I received an earful from the waitress about how long it took to prepare and that I would just have to wait.After they had failed to send a confirmation e-mail they had assured me by phone that I was booked in. On arrival they had lost the booking but found us a room.The room was cold and the quilts were thin. We got up during the night to heap coats and woolies on the bed.It was supposed to be 4 star but this was not luxurious by any standards, more utilitarian. I've been in better youth hostels! The rooms were arranged so that pretty much wherever you were the lavatory was in full view! Yeuk.We've had far better rooms and service much cheaper elsewhere. This hotel is an expensive bad joke.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>joandpete
<Content>Contemporary and Interesting! My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night in November and loved it! We stayed in a 4* room with fantastic views and an amazing splash room. The rooms were clean, well presented and modern. My partner found the beds a little too soft for his tastes but I found them very snug. We had pleasure in having some food from the restuarant which was first class and affordable with a good wine selection. I would definately recommend this hotel and its facilities to anyone staying in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zeketheportie
<Content>Check the room first   showReview(4071769, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Buzz Doesn't Deliver   showReview(4017206, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Boutique_Freak
<Content>We Really Wanted to Like It   showReview(4006409, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>weird, but not so good.   showReview(3816861, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rickydee19
<Content>Interesting, great, one sour note       Lloyd Hotel viewed from tram station  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>contemporary look hotel   showReview(3495059, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>urban explorations   showReview(3060279, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anon012
<Content>Saved our lives!   showReview(2974727, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GJFR
<Content>Decent stay at the Lloyd Hotel   showReview(2814596, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful   showReview(2625708, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phoenix0908
<Content>Un hotel molto particolare   showReview(22131422, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>audreyandmalick
<Content>merveilleux!!!       fa莽ade  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>abonn
<Content>Horrortrip, die Toppung nur noch ist eine Nacht im KZ   showReview(20087894, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel sympathique   showReview(19641127, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(19641126, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>original,convivial   showReview(19641124, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>monamo
<Content>h么tel decevant   showReview(19426740, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Originale e comodo per gli spostamenti   showReview(19641123, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toilette zwischen zwei R盲umen ohne einzige T眉r!!!!   showReview(19641121, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lloyd Hotel   showReview(19641120, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Assurdita` olandese   showReview(19641112, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺berraschend schlecht   showReview(19641122, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider mehr Schein als Sein   showReview(19641117, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ehepaar - 50 - Aufenthalt 1 Woche   showReview(19641113, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(19641115, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉rchterlich...   showReview(18539143, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel LLoyd = bien   showReview(18539136, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit sehr unterschiedlichen Zimmern   showReview(18539142, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un tr猫s bon hotel de amstedam   showReview(18539139, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einzigartig   showReview(18539135, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etablissement serieux   showReview(18539134, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wirklich sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(17432867, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>insoddisfatta,meno male che ero sempre in giro per la citt脿!!   showReview(17432869, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ottimo. Consigliato.   showReview(17740159, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Geb盲ude - tolle Lage!   showReview(17432866, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mal was anderes   showReview(16588328, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un s茅jour plein de surprises   showReview(16588326, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bonne experience   showReview(16588325, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>affascinante   showReview(16588327, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entt盲uschend   showReview(16588324, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"Wunderbar"   showReview(15568127, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL MOLTO PULITO, PERSONALE...   showReview(16729537, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel dalle caratteristiche peculiari   showReview(15568125, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un endroit tr猫s d茅paysant et branch茅   showReview(15568124, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel, besonders f眉r Architekturinterresierte...   showReview(14727502, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons 茅t茅 d茅莽us   showReview(14727501, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Correct, dommage que le prix des petits d茅jeuners ne soit affich茅 nulle part!   showReview(14727500, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tolles Designerhotel   showReview(13977061, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mit Nebenkosten   showReview(13977060, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺bernachtung im ehemaligen Jugendkanst...   showReview(13977059, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel atypique   showReview(13977054, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ORIGINAL - CHALEUREUX -   showReview(13977058, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erwartungen wurden nicht ganz erf眉llt...   showReview(13977051, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon etablissement   showReview(13977052, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Designhotel aber extrem schwacher Service   showReview(13197461, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si vous avez du go没t...   showReview(13197459, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(13197457, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel rien a dire   showReview(13197456, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 si on ne veux pas 锚tre dans le bruit du centre   showReview(13197455, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr interessant, aber Geschmackssache   showReview(11304478, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Llyod 脿 Amsterdam   showReview(11304479, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Satisfaisant mais surprise au check out...   showReview(11304477, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>o8tottiuzgzugkgk
<Content>unfreundlich, unpraktisch, ungem眉tlich   showReview(10695654, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne surprise, je souhaite y retourner   showReview(11304472, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas mal   showReview(11304470, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons   showReview(11304469, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ausgefallenes,originelles Ambiente-gerne wieder   showReview(11660818, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>m盲脽iges Preis-,Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11660819, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ukw
<Content>Ein teures Design-Experiment   showReview(10069866, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel atypique.   showReview(11660815, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons ador茅 Amsterdam... 脿 l'inverse de l'hotel   showReview(11660813, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>montjo
<Content>Ludique et tr猫s confortable   showReview(10026178, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Interessante Lage   showReview(11660816, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>chambre originale proche de la mer et du centre   showReview(11660820, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu de莽u de la chambre 1* mais on a ador茅 l'ambiance et le style de l'hotel   showReview(11440794, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>avis mitig茅!   showReview(11440786, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avis mitig茅   showReview(11440789, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11440787, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ciao l'albergo da fuori 猫...   showReview(11330467, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mucho dise帽o, poco mueble. 3...   showReview(11330468, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11422150, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r kurzen Aufenthalt geeignet   showReview(11412775, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11396493, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>etonnant !   showReview(11366236, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel original 脿 Amsterdam   showReview(11366235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto bello ed estremamente...   showReview(11330469, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pour ceux qui veulent de l'originalit茅 r茅gionale   showReview(11366234, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Charme   showReview(11349490, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel 'mal ganz anders   showReview(11349489, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Interessantes aus alt mach neu   showReview(11349488, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Interessant pour son architecture   showReview(11349487, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eindrucksvoll   showReview(11335076, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je le conseillerai   showReview(11335075, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mi figue mi raisin   showReview(11349486, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel pas comme les autres !   showReview(11335074, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>originell   showReview(11335072, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon compromis pour visiter amsterdam   showReview(11332361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un hotel 脿 voir!   showReview(5416500, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo mejor del hotel es la...   showReview(11330470, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon pied 脿 terre pour visiter amsterdam   showReview(11331247, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La presentaci贸n del hotel en la...   showReview(11330471, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

