<Author>hmeeker
<Content>worst nights stay one of the worst nights ever at first our room was across from elevator and we did not want to listen to the ding when the door opens. we asked for another room we were given a 3rd floor corner on the street side. view of market and closed down theater. was woken by drunk and disorderly people on the street. bed was so uncomfortable must of been the original mattress from opening day. If was the worst night I think I have spent in a hotel. Staff did not care to listen to our complaint and charged us full price anyway. We traveled with another couple and they were on the 5th floor two floors above us and had the same problems.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelinggalclsg
<Content>Ugh Well where do I start? HORRIBLE!. Okay the location was good and the restaurant was superb. Ralphs market was across the street and great as well as Dahlias restaurant. As for the hotel itself. We arrived there an hour early and were punished. Desk Clerk had something to say about our New Yawk accent. We were then punished by being given a handicap access room that had no bathtub. The room was drafty and it faced the parking lot and construction site which was noisy. The bed and the bed linens looked and felt like they were from the original days of George Washington. Shabby and nasty. The tv was antiquated, the stations limited. No fridge, small towels and never enough of them. Parking was almost 30 dollars a night and internet was exorbitant as well. The pool was nothing to write home about and the fitness room was .,. limited as well. all in all i would say that if it were the last hotel in Seattle I would sooner camp out.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Patrick_Brock
<Content>Disappointing Amenities Part of the reason we selected the hotel was because it advertised having a pool and hot-tub. The Pool ended up being so dirty that the sides, above the water were black with grime and people had taken to scratching profanities into it. Otherwise the rest of the pool had dark dirt stains covering the bottom and sides.The hot-tub was luke warm at best and just like the pool it was filthy. We informed the desk about both the pool and the hot-tub and they stated they were cleaned regularly and were operating as they should. These statements indicated to us they did not care about what we thought once they had our money.A further complaint was the difficulty in finding information related to their parking accommodations which turned out to cost an additional $27/day.The rooms themselves were adequate although the marble in the bathrooms could have used a thorough cleaning as they had dirt and rust stains.The best part about the hotel was the location as it was in walking distance of the Space Needle, The Public Market and for us Qwest Field.This hotel is good if you are just looking to catch some sleep but you do not worry too much about quality. If you want to soak in the hot-tub or swim in the pool at the end of a long day look for other accommodations.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>micklondonengland
<Content>great hotel and location a great hotel with a fantastic location.stayed on the 9th floor with a space needle view.clean spacious rooms with a superb view.staff were very friendly and chatty.breakfast in the restaurant was very good as was happy hour from 4pm to 7pm in the bar.10 mins walk to space needle and 5 mins walk to macys and the shops...i cannot fault the hotel over my 4 night stay......excellent..............  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sandy11
<Content>Dirty, Shabby and they did a bait  This is a bait  switch type of place.We stayed there before our cruise to Alaska, and I called from Pennsylvania to verify non-smoking.The staff would not listen when I said I refused to stay in his horrible smelly and dirty room. The lobby was also dirty, and they cannot accommodate a group of people before a cruise.About 4 hours later, after they sent a man with a can of spray to remove the smoke???? really a can of spray???? YES!, and I refused to stay there, they found a room with 8 spotlights in the ceiling, no towel bars on the 2nd floor that was non-smoking.I wonder what this room is used for during other times, because no other hotel room has 8 spotlights pointing to the bed????Perhaps the police needs to know about this place that has 8 spotlights pointing to the bed???!!!We had to move our things ourselves after fighting with them for hours. And the consierge gave out bad advice about what time to leave for the ship. They said they have a smoking floor for over 20 years, and there is no way they can remove the smell of smoke from a room.I said I called long distance from Pennsylvania a week before the stay, and they said no problem.Don't waste your time or money by staying at the Warwickand they do nothing to help you. if you want a great place try the Doubletree Suites at Seattle, WA SEATAC near the airport for a large room with great accommodations and a great staff and they have people in the lobby to print your airline boarding passes with complete gracious, efficient staff for everything!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kkua
<Content>Be sure to get a high floor Got a room on the 3rd floor... checked in around 2100h, so options were limited. Room balcony was across from Cinerama and crowd was noisy (Indiana Jones' premiere).Very cramped lobby but free WiFi around ground floor, but not in hotel premises.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>beachlover325
<Content>Decent accomodations, no stand-out service       Seattle Warwick  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Notam
<Content>Good hotel. Luxury? Not so much. We chose the hotel due to the excellent location in Seattle. I booked by contacting the property directly and had a wonderful first impression of the service. I also called back to verify that I advised of a late check-in and was once gain spoke with a courteous property representative. The hotel recommended a terrific sedan service direct to the hotel (complete with mini tour of the city). Check-in was effortless and the room request was honored as booked. We requested an upper floor (needle facing) and frankly am glad we had the booking. At 0600hrs there were a couple of folks in a theatre entranceway across the street from the hotel whose voices were amplified in the entrance, we could hear them on the 15th floor. Gilcrest and Soames toilettries were a nice touch and other room features are frankly forgettable (for a property considered to be 'luxury.)The view was nice, breakfast was great, fast and friendly in the dining room and the complimentary business center was a G*dsend (since I forgot my Seattle maps). One may come across websurfers monopolizing the computers, so get there early. For those familiar with Ralphs grocery in California, sadly the one across from the property is not the same. We reserved our walkabout for the next day in daylight, as the area has some sketchy elements if one is not familiar with Seattle. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>mcmomny
<Content>Nice stay Stayed here the night before our cruise.We choose this hotel by the price and walking distance to the pier.Nice room with great view of Space Needle, clean and comfortable, very nice toiletries available to guests.All we did was sleep, shower and leave so can not review the other options the hotel has to offer except the lobby looked bright and inviting and the doorman was very helpful to us.I do feel it was too expensive but then any hotel we looked for in the pier area was too expensive.Easy walk to the pier and many places to eat along the way.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TLD2006
<Content>Great location - they need to internally upgrade to take advantage North end of downtown Seattle, great restaurants nearby, good prices. The rooms need to be updated, literally thought I was sleeping on a 1970's bed with old pillows and sheets. Net result is a bad nights sleep. I would stay their again for the location but that is it. Staff is very friendly also.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>cruisegaldiane
<Content>Nothing Special but great location... As a travel agent myself, I booked my group at this hotel for both the a pre-cruise stay and post-cruise stay. My room faced the Space Needle on both stays making for a great view. I have to say that this had to be the loudest, noisiest hotel room I have ever stayed in anywhere. My 1st night there, Sept. 12th, the city was doing road work on one of the cross streets until 1pm, then at 3pm drunk neighbors were yelling off their balcony to the street people partying in the parking lot below. Doesn't make for a good nights rest after flying for 4 hours and checking in at 10:30pm. If you are a light sleeper (or if you have any problems with night noise), request a back room that faces the back streets and not the space needle. The lobby is so very small so when you have a lot of rooms checking in/out at the same time then there is no room for people to even move at the counter with luggage. I find that this hotel is sold-out often so getting early check-in is hard. I found the rooms to be nothing but standard. I wouldn't consider them anything near 4-star, nor the hotel for that matter. I have stayed in numerous hotels around the world from 2-star to 5-star and this one I ranked as just a room to stopover at prior to the cruise. The room was clean, bathroom was clean but nothing to write home about. The one major thing that the Warwick has going for it is it's location! You can walk to Pike Place Market as well as many places to eat like MaMa's for Mexican.  The bellman - Joe, at the Warwick was the best employee that we encountered there. He helped us with informing us with which bus numbers to take to go down to Pioneer Sqaure (there's a free city bus that stops right outside the Warwick that goes to Pioneer Sqaure). He also set up our car service back to the airport for us without even being asked to. Just left us a voice mail in our room saying what time they would pick us up in the morning. It's cheaper to take the car service than a taxi so the hotel can arrange that for you. I did eat 1 meal at the Warwick and that was breakfast, it was fine. $40 for 3 people and all I ordered was the blueberry pancakes. If time had permitted I would have walked to Pike Place Market and ate down there. Bottled water in the room is $4 so run across the street to the grocery store and buy it there, it will be cheaper for you. There is no safe in the rooms and they charge I think $11 per day for internet service. Parking is $26 per day at the hotel unless you get in on one of trhe Weekend Specials. If you have a group going to Seattle, we used Shuttle Express and set up a private city tour for 3 1/2 hours and they took us all the places we wanted to go. It was great and they picked us up right at the hotel. Got a really good rate and by having the private tour we didn't have outsiders with us so it made it a lot more fun.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>msjuanita
<Content>We haven't even stayed there yet and have been treated like dirt! I just booked our room on hotwire and was disappointed as soon as I saw the hotel. It looks old and not well kept. I called to see what type of room we would be receiving and the operator treated me like I was a homeless person begging for a room instead of a paying guest. I am absolutely sick that we are now stuck at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thursdayfan
<Content>Great Room and View!       Space Needle View from Balcony  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelLady30
<Content>Didn't sleep a wink! I am a business and a for pleasure traveller, have stayed in many hotels around the world from Hostels to 5 Stars, so this will be a very honest review. I am in my hotel room right now at the Warwick writing this review with red eyes because of the lack of sleep I got. Despite the fact that I reserved the room on the Warwick Website about 2 weeks prior to my stay and requested a High Floor Room, Away from the Elevator....I received the complete opposite. Third floor room, right in front of the Elevator. It was like they didn't even read my request. Upon arrival the Receptionist did look for alternate rooms for me, but said there was absolutley nothing...which is funny because I hopped in the elevator with someone who just checked in about 4 hours after me and they pushed the 10th floor. Don't know how they didn't have any higher rooms... Needless to say the noise in the city is horrible...buses going by every 5 minutes, the elevator doors shutting, opening and beeping constantly...Other things that bothered me: Shower has no pressure, it was like being spit on. Nickle and Diming of services such as parking for $27 a day! and $11 a day for Internet. Beds are old and bedding is old and uncomfortable. Sheraton standards are much better, if I were you I'd spend the extra $50 per night and stay there! Service was just ok. Didn't feel special, but didn't feel like they were rude either. The only good thing: location. Pretty close to everything. Otherwise, like I said...stay at the Sheraton or Marriott.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>JohnsonFive
<Content>Just a Tourist We have always enjoyed the US, but sadly whilst this is a lovely Hotel, it was our worst choice on any tour of the States.We arrived late, and as a courtesy we readvised the hotel.Upon arrival we were just treated a 'nothings' off the street, and sent to a room. Literally.We had problems with the switches in the room, and were told that is the way it is.I could not recommend this hotel, even for a stopover.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>rochne
<Content>Warwick has many advantages The Warwick is a good mid tier hotel, we like the location, the balcony doors open - fresh air, even though a bit noisy with the firehall a few blocks away. Exceptional food and service in the dinning room , breakfast and dinner. Entertainers in the lounge in the evening add to the enjoyment of sharing some fine spirits. Grocery store accross the street and Dahalia's one block waay. for lunch or dinner, fabulous desserts. Pool area could use an upgrade. The front desk staff need to smile a little, it goes along way, take a clue from the food service staff.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>barcodeVegas
<Content>The Warwick,Seattle       view from our room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nynj_8
<Content>new york,ny the food was fantastic,the staff very helpful only complaint I asqued for two beds and got one and my view was the wall to the parking lot. p.s. this complaint has nothing to do with the hotel only the neighborhood, I'm from new york and I'm used to deal with every nationality but I had the desplausure of meating(not all)but the most recist people in my life  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>euroky
<Content>Good hotel, good value, great location. Just got back from a weekend in Seattle at the Warwick. Took the grayline airport shuttle and it dropped us off right in front of the hotel. Also picked us up for our return to seatac. Our room had an incredible view of the city skyline, was a fairly good size, with a nice size closet and plenty of drawers for your clothes. Also had a good size desk to work, but the wireless internet was not free and the signal was very weak. The location of this hotel is very convenient, within walking distance of nearly all the sites; pioneer, safeco, and qwest being exceptions. Ralph's grocery across the street was a great added feature, as was dahlia's bakery. It looked like the hotel was on the edge of a transitioning neighborhood, but we never felt unsafe. Walking north of the hotel after dark made me a little uncomfortable, but walking south towards the main shopping district was great with plenty of others out walking. This hotel seemed more European than American. Overall, a great experience. I can definitely recommend the Warwick when travelling to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>BarbadosMillie
<Content>Not impressed! We booked this 4* hotel on the strength of the recommendations on trip advisor and boy were we disappointed! All our previous selections had been a great sucess, so we thought we'd increase our budget slightly and stay here for 2 nights on our way home. We were travelling with 2 small children (57) so booked one room for us all.The lobby of the hotel is small and gloomy with 2 inconvenient steps down and this just about sums up the hotel. We received a lukewarm welcome at check in (early evening) and a very weak offer of help with parking and our luggage. The room itself was dark with 2 very small double beds, but a view of the spaceneedle. The bathroom was dated (compared to other hotels we had just visited), a pretty pathetic shower and a hole in the ceiling.We asked at guest services for recomendations for children friendly restaurants and the staff shrugged their shoulders until a member of staff called Dave came to help us. He was the most helpful member of staff we came across our entire stay! He gave us directions  even advised us on portion sizes. The other times that we contacted front desk/guest services (very difficult to tell them apart) we were met by unhelpful  unknowledgable staff for very straightforward requests verging on the sarcastic and rude. We enquired about other breakfast restaurants, whale watching tours and pottery barn locations) and we ended up doing our own research and bookings. The standard of housekeeping was not as good as it should have been - the maid didn't remove or replace dirty cups  glasses and wanted to get in our room at 8am on the day we were checking out.We only ate breakfast only once in the hotel, and the waitress (a mature lady) started off by giving our children (who were sitting quitely) a lecture about behaving and being good for their parents. Slow service given a nearly empty restaurant.The hotel is located centrally and we were able to walk to places, but the parking is $27 a day for guests which we thought pricey. We were also told by the front desk that internet access on our laptop was free, but at checkout $11 per day had been added to our bill. When I questioned this, I was told that as I had been 'miss told' they would remove it, but I was made to feel pretty bad about it.Overall, its a dark, dated hotel let down badly by the unhelpful and rude staff. We couldn't believe all the previous excellent tripadvisor reports!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>molletts
<Content>Great stay at the Warwick We, along with another couple, stayed at the Warwick for 4 nights from 18th May. We had a room with a city view which was very comfortable. The staff were helpful and check-in was easy. The location is very good, within walking distance to shopping and Pike Market. There is a very nice grocery store across the road which is open till 2am and sells everything, even Australian wine. We ate one night in the hotel restaurant. Enjoyable meal. Would definitely stay at the Warwick again  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tailspinmp
<Content>The Warwick in Seattle adventure Great location which was close to everything.The room was very nice, well maintained and had a wonderful view of the Space Needle.The Business Center was very convenient.The Staff was very courteous and made us feel welcome.Will stay there the next time that we are in town.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prettystella
<Content>pretty good I stayed at the Warwick in January, on the 19th floor. I had a great view of the city, especially at night! In response to earlier reviews saying the rooms were drafty and cold, I had absolutely no problem with that. If there is one thing I will say about the room, it's that the heating was excellent!Rooms are a little outdated and mine was pretty small, but they're comfortable and clean, so no complaints there. This hotel has an excellent location for many local sights, great restaurants and pubs within walking distance as well.The staff was great and helpful with whatever I needed. Did not use the pool or fitness center. I would have liked to have used the business center, but it was always full.My only complaint was that the food I got from room service had a hair in it. It took awhile for room service to take my order, but the delivery was fast. Nice stay at the Warwick, would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>journeys4me
<Content>below expectations There is nothing really seriously wrong with the hotel, but it just doesn't have any wow factor. Positives: Location is great for exploring the city (sight seeing, shopping, restaurants/clubs/bars), concierge was helpful. Deluxe room was big with a good view (18th floor). Negatives: Decor is very plain, nothing special, worn out. Instead of duvet there a blanket placed between two sheets, swimming pool is very very small but also very very dirty, stuff at reception desk doesn't seem to be happy to work there so you also don't get any feeling you came to a good placeRegarding the price we were paying (from 200 to 260USD per night) we expected a bit more. Didn't get it...  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>MuppetTraveler
<Content>Perfect I don't typically write reviews on sites, but I saw the last one and wanted to update it...I am physically writing from a room on the 16th floor of the Warwick hotel, visiting here from Hollywood, CA. I've stayed at a couple of hotels during this visit, and I have to say - this is extremely nice.I wanted to comment on the noise comment - I have to say, I think if you're familiar with city noise, this place is actually very quiet. I'm (again) from Los Angeles, so maybe my perspective is a little different, but it's actually a very quiet part of town. There is some construction going on about a block down, but it's during the day and not loud at ALL. I can't hear any of the other rooms, and the heater makes.. Well, the noise a normal hotel heater would make. It's within walking distance of the Space Needle ( and the museums around it), as well as Pike Place Market (and the waterfront). There is a very helpful store right across from it that stays open until 2 AM.. There's also constant cabs waiting outside the front lobby for when you want to visit other parts of the city. Also, if you have the opportunity - and no height issues - I would suggest asking for one of the higher floors - the rooms are all the same up until the suites on the top floor, so it's not pricier to ask for one. The view from either side is amazing - you can choose to have a view of the Space Needle, or of the city (I suggest the city - GORGEOUS).The staff have all been incredibly nice and helpful, and the room is exceptionally clean. Would totally suggest it to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Touring56
<Content>Noisy The hotel is well located within the downtown core but the traffic and street noise is very loud. We were on the 7th floor and could hear people talking on the street across from the hotel. City buses just waiting at the bus stop could be heard running in the room all night long. Parking was expensive and there was no elevator in the parkade so if you have any mobility problems you need to use the valet parking.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VancouverItchyfeet
<Content>They made it a special memory I am amazed at how special they made my mom feel. When I booked this hotel, I told them it was for my mom's 60th birthday, and asked simply that someone wish her a happy birthday. Much to my surprise and delight, they did so much more. When we arrived, I was told that our room had been upgraded to a room with a view of the Space Needle - it brought tears to my eyes. Last time we came to Seattle, we stayed at The Fairmont - and while it was nice, it wasn't too special in any way...just nice. This time...well, I'd lost my job earlier this year, so The Fairmont was out of my price range, and the reviews on The Warwick looked like we would have a nice stay; but that was all I was expecting as well. What we experienced was phenomenal - the front desk clerk Lisa Smith not only secured us an upgrade, but when we returned late at night from a day of shopping and a nice dinner, there was a champagne bucket with Martinelli's sparkling cider and two glasses waiting in my room; she also said Happy Birthday on a note, and we found an accompanying cheese/fruit place set beside it as well. Blew me away. I would not hesitate to recommend this place. It is a little older, but it is in a terrific location (amazing restaurants surround it, and two blocks from shopping, plus the new Indiana Jones movie was playing across the street), everything is really clean, with hints of modern furnishings to update it - and of course, most of all, their personal touch made my mom's 60th a memory for us both to cherish. Location location location, tidy, and personal touches; what's not to love...especially when they make your loved ones feel important!?!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoadTripsRUS
<Content>Too Much Traffic Noise I attended a conference and stayed at this hotel for three miserable nights. The lobby and dining areas are fine. The rest of the hotel needs a lot of work. I had a room on the quiet side of the 12th floor. Unfortunately, I don't think there is a quiet side of the hotel. As previous posts mentioned, there was a continuous draft through the sliding glass door since it wouldn't close all the way. I asked to move to another room and was told that all the nonsmoking rooms were booked. The room was so loud from buses and other traffic noise that it sounded like a freight train was going to come through the wall at any time. I've stayed at a lot of hotels on business trips and this was by far the noisiest. The towels and sheets were threadbare. The heater roared loudly, and the room was either hot from the heater or cold from the draft. The conference facilities were drafty and the food was average. The front desk staff had a pleasant appearance but did not seem interested in providing any assistance with dining recommendations, transportation, directions, etc. I asked the bellman for directions to a restaurant and he sent me down the wrong street. This is not a hotel I can recommend for any type of group.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Alaskan_Ice
<Content>Watch out for this one! The previous positive reviews must have been from those who were given OUR room. Just hope that you get there to get a room ahead of someone else!We booked this hotel through Hotwire, which was misleading, as it listed this hotel as a Pike Street Market hotel. Not so: it is 5 long city blocks away. It also lists as a boutique hotel which is to make it sound quaint, I guess. Translate it: Old and unrelenting.We called ahead because we specifically needed two beds for medical reasons. I even checked in early to secure a room. I was told by a counter help that your room is locked in for the 14th floor and two beds. We returned at 6 p.m. to be told that because of increased business, our room had been changed to a room with one king bed (very, very small) and a lower floor.Now: I had been told to check in early and that I would get a higher floor room with two beds. Not so. To say that I have a room locked in and then to DOWN GRADE me, is inexcusable. I only regret that I didn't wear my new Trip adviser bill hat! The front desk was very, very rude; cutting my sentences off midway to tell me that it didn't matter what I was told, a crowd had come in and they sold my room. I spent a SLEEPLESS night on a lower floor next to my husband who needed his own bed. How rude. They weren't even apologetic. It was ridiculous. I will never stay here again. Beware: some rooms are very small and outdated and the pool smells like mildew. Seriously. I was basically told because I booked through Hotwire, I wasn't a preferred customer! They don't realize the power of Trip adviser! My recommendation: Save your money! There are several better hotels nearby who appreciate your business and will work with you. It isn't that great of a location, and certainly not worth being treated as if I were pond scum because of using Hotwire (as if people who saved money were stupid). Take my advise: spend your well earned money at King's Motel (1/2 block away) or at the Sheraton or Weston. It was a real bummer staying here!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>ChicagoMikeandcait
<Content>Absolutely no complaints! We had researched several different hotels before deciding on the Warwick- we chose it because of the affordable price and location in the city. Upon arriving, we were very pleased. It is in a prime location, a short walk from the market, and very close to shops and restaurants. Our room was spacious, very clean and it had an amazing view of the Space Needle. The bed was unbelievably comfortable. When we were checking out, we noticed we had been charged a fee for using the internet (we had never used it). We notified the people at the front desk and they immediately fixed it, no questions asked. They also offered to get us a cab even though we didn鈥檛 need it. An overall, very satisfactory experience.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mekoryuk_bic
<Content>Nice Hotel but.... This is a nice classy hotel which my company booked for me. It has a nice restaurant and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. If you have the money to spend, this would be a great place to stay. The only thing I did not like about this hotel is they make you use their wireless internet service which you have to pay for. If you have dial up capability, it will work for a while, once they learn that you are using free dial up, they will but a block so you can't dial up. Majority of the staff is nice, but when I stayed there, the person who checked me in was absolutely rude. Check out was very smooth and the Grey Hound Bus stops right outside the hotel to take you to the airport...for a fee of course.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mensendamp
<Content>Great Location  This was our second time staying at the Warwick, the first time we stayed here was a few years ago. Reading the other reviews, I definitely have to agree with alot of them, the hotel is starting to show its age. The location is great, and with Ralph's Grocery Store right across the road, its so convenient! The service there is decent but wasn't memorable. This time we were on the 7th floor and it was so noisy. We were woken up a few times during the nights by so many loud sirens and outside noise. I know this is downtown Seattle, but I never experience it this bad when staying at the Warwick on a higher floor and when staying at Mayflower Park a few blocks down. The room was average, could use renovation. The water pressure in the shower was terrible! Perhaps it was just the floor? I love the restaurant they have there, its such a great place to have breakfast! Excellent service! I would stay here again despite of the noise and the rooms showing their age... but I think next time I'll try another place.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Lansaw
<Content>The best for what you get. Stayed a night at the Warwick over March Easter weekend. Looked through the reviews here and prices of places on expedia previous to travelling from Vancouver and this place looked to be the best value, and it was. We got an even better rate with our Automobile Association membership (AAA or CAA). It was $132/night including all taxes - about a $20 saving over their already reasonable rate (IMO). Parking is an additional $27 but they didn't charge us for this. Basically we were looking for an upgrade to a motel and wanted an indoor pool and hot tub, and wanted to be in the heart of the city. This was it, with pros and cons. We could have stayed at a Quality Inn (1/1/2 stars) for $80/night, or The Sheraton (4 stars) for $210/night. Wasn't drawn to either for reasons of amenities and price respectively.Overall, the biggest pro is what you get more than you pay for IMO: Service well beyond a motel; nice indoor pool and hot tub (you'll find few of these in downtown Seattle), work-out room, newspaper at your door in the morning and invoice slipped under your door on the day you check out, friendly staff, easy early check-in upon our request, a very nice bar - we popped in for a martini - and restaurant which looked nicely run with French flair. Bathrooms are granite and quite clean, although a tad worn. Our room had a great view of the Space Needle.One outstanding feature is the proximity to everything, and this is what we wanted. We walked to everywhere over the 2 days we were downtown. EMP - which was outstanding - is within Seattle Centre as is the Science Centre and the Space Needle. The Science Centre is a must for those with kids; much bigger than Vancouver's Science World with more to do. We also walked to Pike Place Market, and to several restaurants and downtown stores close by. Also, about 3 blocks away from the Warwick is a great jazz bar called Tula's and the area of town (Belltown) has got great character while still being downtown and extremely convenient. Downtown stores were also an easy walk. We walked to Seattle centre, spent the day, then took the monorail (3 minutes ride) to downtown, then walked back to the hotel. A great day.Cons: Only two, but one worth noting for sure. Our room was on the 6th floor of about 25 floors(?) but much too noisy through the night. Not constant traffic, but intermittent busses made things tough. Our kids had no problem sleeping, but I awoke at 4:30 AM and checked our our window to see if it was open, which it wasn't. Next time, I will request a room much higher up which the check-out clerk said was the way to go. One other con was the beds were too small for me (with my wife). Maybe they were doubles(?); fine for the two small kids to sleep together, but we'd like at least a queen, which we are used to. Again, I'll request this next time. Tour tips: Forget the Space Needle. $50 for the family and while the view is awesome, you're up there for about 20-30 minutes unless you stay for a refreshment. Not worth it unless you're dying to see the lay of the land on a very nice day and have $50 burning a hole in your pocket.EMP- Same price as the Needle, but it was 4 hours of great stuff to do. Hands on music experience, as well as a science fiction hall of fame attached. Fabulous for kids or those who are into this. We thought our kids might get bored. They didn't and since we went after 3:30 (it closes at 5) they stamped our tickets to return the next day, which we did. Can't say enough about it.Science Centre: Again, great value and if you're from Vancouver and have a Science World membership, you get in free. But even if you pay the $30 or so for the family, there's lots to see with a great dinosaur exhibit, butterfly room and plenty more.Restaurants: Of course lots in the area, and we loved the Thai food places.Parking; Hotel parking is $27/day and is actually a pretty good deal for central downtown. That gets you parking for your stay and until 5 PM the day you check-out. Very convenient and we didn't bother hunting for a cheaper deal - what would we get elsewhere - $20/day - so why bother? Besides, they forgot to charge us for the parking upon check-in - we didn't notice until check-out and they just said It's on us when we checked out. Very nice.Overall, a very positive experience and we love Seattle. We're happy that we didn't pay the extra for the Sheraton, or go to the Quality Inn for not a lot less. We'd go back to the Warwick with a definite note to advise the staff upon reservation that we are sensitive to street noise, and to place us accordingly - upper floor - which I'm sure they will do.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PRAdam
<Content>Handy to everything Pretty comfortable hotel. reasonable positioned so you could walk to most things you wanted to do in Seattle. Didn't dine in the hotel so can't comment but a colleague said the $10 breakfast was sensational value. Staff were helpful and friendly. Free internet access in the business centre which was useful. But as usual wireless access from the room was overpriced.I wouldn't have any hesitation at staying here again  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>elyette
<Content>Needs a rennovation I am glad I got a discount. The room was clean, but nothing special. In fact the bathroom showed a bit of wear. The size and amenities were no different from a good Best Western. Just as noisy too. Maybe that is why there is a discount.The service was average.However, there is a good advantage to this hotel if you have a car. You can park your car yourself and save money doing without valet service. If you approach from Lenora St, however, you have to make two lefts to get to the garage which is to the left of the lobby.The location is great for Belltown, the Federal Courthouse and the town's retail core.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lalouisianne
<Content>Nice neighborhood Stayed at the Warwick for a weeklong conference - the room was on a lower floor with a view of a parking lot (and my rate was at least $140-160) - the draftiest room I ever stayed in! A nightly wind across the floor...The neighborhood is perfect - close to everything. Room was clean and the appliances worked. I stuffed the bedspread against the window at night, to lessen the draft. Disappointed that my room rate could not include something nicer, or any view at all, but the city was booked for the conference. (FIX those windows!). Oh, and all I heard all the time was the elevator going up and down... so I didn't have a 'luxury' experience in my estimation.The biggest issue I had was that a housekeeper opened the room, and left the deadbolt in the state that it held the door open. I was staying in a single, came back from my conference, and my ROOM WAS OPEN. Spooked me - I called down after cautiously entering. The manager didn't see fit to come up - just called me back later, asking me if anything was missing. Lucky me, I had forgotten to close the safe, but everything including valuables was still in place. I think the manager could have managed to make an appearance in an instance like this, and I have had experiences in other hotels which were less dramatic, where a manager made an appearance to explain the problem.The restaurant is not good - even breakfasts were hit-or-miss (how do you screw up breakfast?) On the other hand, there are wonderful eateries in the neighborhood - try another venue. The staff in the restaurant were the nicest on staff, though! Oh, and the prices for breakfast in Seattle are shocking - not sure why. On the east coast you can eat like a king for $15 at breakfast - here, I didn't escape for under $22 and didn't necessarily feel full. I was offered a discount on my next stay, after I wrote the chain. But... I cannot imagine a repeat visit to that hotel. If I return to Seattle, I'll be looking for accommodations elsewhere. There are some fabulous hotels (my friends were in them, and some paid no more than I).Seattle's nice people and fun atmosphere were great - if that and a place to sleep are what you're looking for, this could be the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>skpke
<Content>Best Value in Downtown Seattle Stayed twice recently, $108 weeknight and $129 weekend. Very nice room, request high floor (book these rooms early, particularly Space Needle view). Room not 5 star, small defects but not enough to mention. Bed, room clean and comfortable. No noise problems as mentioned elsewhere. Front desk staff, Micae, works evenings, very helpful. Parking $25 a night but if you are in and out you may park free on the street after 6 pm usually within a block. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>worldwanderlust
<Content>Decent mid-range hotel, good location We stayed 2 nights with a toddler. The room was fine and quite nice for a 3 star hotel. The location is nice and you can walk anywhere in the shopping area of downtown Seattle, including the market. Across the street was a grocery/deli store that was open late and you could grab food or a coffee. We would stay again.Th only negative were the staff. When we checked in (which was late at night after traveling with a toddler), they gave us a room that was not cleaned. Then we switched rooms and then they gave that room to someone else. When we checked out and caught a taxi early in the morning, no one helped us or even opened a door. There were tons of staff in the lobby (no other clients) and we had a toddler, stroller and LOTS of luggage. The doors are not automatic, so imagine us trying to get out and organized! Not one person even said hello. The lobby is small and they could not have missed us. That was very disappointing.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>coffeegirl247
<Content>Comfortable and convenient       View from 16th Floor  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pwt
<Content>Solid base in Seattle Stayed here for 3 nights just before New Year's Eve. It was easy to find despite the one way system in central Seattle, and in a very convenient location for exploring downtown.Check in had a few problems - the key card system wasn't working so I had to sit and wait in the lobby until this was done. The concierge did offer to let me into the room, however, as I was waiting for my partner to return from parking the car, I took advantage of the comfy seats in front of the log fire. The cards then lost their programming later that evening so we had so trek back down to get them re-programmed. There were no further problems after the first night and the staff dealt with it very efficiently.The room itself was great - comfy bed, lots of space, huge windows, spotless bathroom. Unfortunately, we were in the corner room on the 3rd floor, so it was prone to noise from the street, and the only view was of the cinema across the street! I did ask if we could be moved, but the hotel was fully booked. I guess you have to pay more to get the higher floors, especially at this time of year. The best thing about the hotel was the location. It's just a few blocks walk to the centre of Seattle, with lots of great restaurants and shops within easy reach. We didn't use the car at all during our stay (so we had to pay $27 per day for the privilege of having a car we didn't need - I wouldn't hire a car in future if we were only staying in Seattle, but this was at the end of a skiing trip to Canada, so we didn't have any option but to pay for the parking). We didn't make use of any of the hotel facilities or restaurant, so I can't comment on these. We did use the business centre as this has free internet access as an alternative to paying for in-room wi-fi. Just ask the concierge for this as you need to be let into the room.Overall, it was a comfortable and convenient base, and good value for money. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>TariTari
<Content>Nice Surprise! We selected the hotel based on the criteria that I was traveling with 2 12-year-old-girls who wanted an indoor pool and to be close to Seattle Center and Pike Market. This narrowed the field, so we chose Warwick. Based on other reviews, I wasn't sure how the hotel would hold up to our expectations; happily, it did. I gave it a 5 because, for the price, there is absolutely nothing more I could have asked for or expected. We arrived in the city by car (crystal clear directions and super easy to get to hotel from I-5 - being a country girl, I'm a little nervous driving my stick shift on Seattle's crowded streets and hills) at 12:30pm. Called the desk from the garage to see if we could check in - No, not yet, but the room would be available at 1:30pm, but we could stay parked in the garage. - Great - At check in a while later the clerk was quick, polite and offered us a map of downtown, some attractions literature and a coupon to Macy's. Another employee walking by, recognized our name (he's the guy I spoke with earlier) and welcomed us and told us he had us in a nice room. Sure enough! when we got to the 14th floor, we had a killer view of the space needle dead in front of us, Lake Washington was off to the right and the Sound off to the left - wow, nice view from our little Juliette balcony! We were in a double/double and if was furnished nicely and clean. And gobs of pillows! - nice touch!After exploring the malls, market and the city, we headed to the pool. While it is true that it is small, I liked that about it - not dungeon - y at all, like another reviewer mentioned. The hot tub was hot and the pool water warm enough. The next morning the girls wanted to get in another swim and I wanted to get in some cardio. Nicely enough, the exercise room is adjacent to the pool and seperated by an all-glass wall. So I got in my 30 minutes of bike riding, all while being able to keep an eyeball on the girls in the pool - nice!An employee caught the elevator with us on the way out of the pool area in the morning and asked the girls how the pool was, they commented that it was nice and even warmer today than yesterday. The man replied something like - Great, I turned up the heat a bit from yesterday - and off he went into the lobby. It is refreshing to see people care about their jobs.Also, maybe because the hotel is unpretenious and makes you feel welcome, the other guests I spoke with at the pool and weight room were very friendly and seemed to be enjoying their stay, as well.At check out, they allowed us to keep the car in the garage until 5pm...another REALLY nice touch!So the Warwick far exceeded my expectations, especially since I booked in at the AAA rate (104) !! Parking was $27 - which is expected for downtown and I got FULL use of it from 12:30 one day to 5pm the next. While the hotel isn't super upscale, it certainly delivers value for the price.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>csm2000
<Content>If you don't mind NOISE, this place is great! I read the reviews about noise, and used the hotel website to book my room. Interesting, their site gives you these checkbox options: 1) Room farthest from the elevator 2) Room on higher floor; 3) Quiet Room. In the interest of getting the QUIETEST room possible, I checked all three hoping to get one of the three. Well, I got on the 6th floor (out of 18-19 floors), across the hall from the elevator, and listened to trucks and ambulance sirens all night!! Sheeeesh!!!!! Aside from that, the heating units sound like small plane engines, and you can hear them from the surrounding rooms.If you can get by all of the noise and are one who sleeps through anything, the facilities are clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced, and the staff quite helpful.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AlwaysWunderlust
<Content>Very pleased       Some of the local talent in Seattle  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neko818
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the Warwick for an overnight getway and to enjoy some Christmas shopping. The Warwick exceeded out expectations. The staff was wonderful and extrememly friendly, the room was clean and the service at the lounge was wonderful! Everyone we came into contact with at the hotel was very friendly! The women's bathroom on the lever above the lounge was...well.. I think is haunted... totally creepy vibe and the lights... anywho. Even with that, we really enjoyed our stay and are going back in a couple of days!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coastlvr
<Content>Great Location, Great Value I stayed at the Warwick Hotel in November 07. Since I was there for a convention I wanted a hotel that was centrally located where I could park my car and walk everywhere. After comparing rates at the other hotels, I found a terrific rate from seattlesupersaver.com which included parking. After reading other TripAdvisor reviews I was a little nervous about what kind of service I would receive. From the moment I checked in the staff was welcoming, helpful and efficient. I originally was going to stay only 1 night, but enjoyed my stay so much I added another 2 nights. My room was large, clean (and I'm very picky) and comfortable. I ordered room service one evening and it arrived very quickly and I was impressed with the quality and amazed at the portions...huge! Breakfast was not included with my room rate, but there is a great little store/deli across the street that has excellent coffee and inexpensive hot and cold breakfasts. The location of the Warwick can not be beat. You can walk to Pike Place Market, the Convention Center, great shopping and restaurants and the Monorail. I will definitely stay at the Warwick again when I'm in Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shriend
<Content>Great Stay at the Warwick! I just got back from a great girls weekend with my mom. Every year we stay in downtown Seattle and go Christmas shopping. We had never stayed at the Warwick before. I found out about it on Seattlesupersaver.com. Parking is quite expensive, (it is everywhere in Seattle) but it was included in the supersaver deal. The hotel room was good-sized, we had a small balcony and a great view of the Space Needle. It was worth it to pay $50 extra and get a little larger room and view. (I think the total was $149).It was so close to the downtown shopping area that we walked. It was only a few blocks. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to stay at a nice hotel in downtown Seattle but not break the bank.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rjc260
<Content>Met Our Expectations Centrally located hotel is a few blocks from the water and from popular nightlife and shopping options in Belltown and downtown. I would classify this property as a three star location. We paid a wedding rate so I am not sure how it fares from a value proposition. The room was spacious although a little outdated. Perhaps some rooms have decent views but we were on a lower floor with a drab panaroma of the parking lot and some other buildings. There is an adequate fitness center, sauna and pool in the basement and a quaint bar/restaurant attached to the hotel. Parking at $30 per day is an outrage but possibly standard for downtown (you can find street parking on the weekend to save a few dollars). I would be willing to stay here again the future if the price was significantly lower than the nearby four-star competition.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>AmieeandJohn
<Content>Lovely, clean, in the heart of downtown We loved every one of our 4 nights at the Warwick, and laughed all the way to bank at the $104/night rate. While the Warwick looks like your typical Holiday Inn on the outside, it has been completely updated inside with warm, modern decor. We asked for and received a high-floor room with a nice view. Our request for an extra robe was filled within 5 minutes. The staff were attentive and helpful and the room was very clean, warm, and comfortable. We walked to ALL the sights downtown and never needed a car. The Hotel sent Shimsu with his towncar to pick us up at the airport for $35, just $3 more than a cab. Totally worth it.Our only bad experience was trying to catch the regular airport shuttle back to Seatac from the hotel. The Warwick sold us our shuttle tickets the night before our departure, then informed us the next morning that the shuttle wasn't coming because of street closures for the Seattle marathon, then initialy refused to refund our ticket, until we complained loudly.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>justmyopinion_7
<Content>ok hotel not so ok staff My mother and I stayed at the Warwick for 2 nights in November. The hotel itself was ok, fairly clean and decent location.The front desk staff, however are not helpful and pass the buck so as not to have to deal with a problem. If they are working on improving customer service , as previous reviews have stated, they have a ways to go.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ArubaAmy
<Content>Nice Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Warwick about 4 years ago and liked the hotel and location so we did not hesitate to book it again for this trip.We asked for and received a non-smoking room with a king bed and high floor. We were hoping to be on the same side of the hotel as before and we were - with a nice view of the Space Needle. Check-in was nice and friendly. Had our keys within minutes and a nice room with a small loveseat and a Juliet balcony.Love the location of this hotel - just a block away from some of the best restaurants downtown (Dahlia Lounge, Palace Kitchen, and Lola's) and a small grocery store/mini-mart right across the street that also has wine. It's also an easy walk to Pike Place Market.On site at the hotel is a very nice restaurant and lounge area. Ate breakfast at the hotel once and had drinks in the lounge/bar a few times. Good service.We didn't have a chance to use it but we did look at the pool and exercise room which is located in their basement. Pool was small but definitely useable. The exercise room had a variety of machines and weights - not the newest on the market but definitely decent machines. Both were kept very neat and clean and the exercise room had plenty of towels and a water cooler available.I think we ran into the maid on most days as we were leaving and she was always very friendly.We used the business center a couple of times which consisted of 2 computers (free internet) and a printer. You just needed to ask for the key at the front desk. Was very nice and handy.Overall, I thought the staff was very helpful, the hotel was quiet with a good location, and it definitely met all of our expectations as it did when we stayed here a few years ago. We would definitely return again (and hope that we do soon!)  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>thailandisles
<Content>ok experience. a few warnings. after booking thru expedia, i read some reviews and was concerned about the Warwick. I was wondering what i was getting myself into. The hotel is older, but i found it clean. Front staff are really trying to improve their customer service. Errors upon checkin. They gave me a single bed when i asked for seperate queen beds. They told me no rooms available. They offered to bring an extra cot. When i was settling into room, front staff said they located a two queen room and so i was moved.Package was to include free parking but i was charged for valet parking which i'm in dispute with the Warwick about. I'lll see what they do about it.Would i stay again? Hard to say. Room was quiet and clean. Nothing spectacular. I'd give it a better rating if there wasn't so many errors with the bill and checkin, but they seem to be trying and sometimes that's all you can ask for.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>jamjmiller
<Content>Very Good Hotel Not a large hotel but newly decorated. Rooms are a good size and very clean. Excellent location, less than 2 blocks from the centre of town and only 4 blocks to the market area.Hotel resturant is a bustling place with alot of diners coming from off the street. Had a very good meal there.Overall, I would highly recommend staying there.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>willowcrown
<Content>Average hotel with a great view       View from our window  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>Drew_in_Alamo
<Content>Bad Room I was pleasantly surprised that I was given a room with a king-size bed, so I was off to a good start, but that soon ended. The bed sheets were old and felt like they were poorly washed. The room had a very poor shower that trickled out water. Plus they had rigged some type of showerhead using a bath faucet. The drain was slow and you waded around in the shower water even with the poor water flow from the shower. One side of the room is all window with a patio window...not much of a view. So with the window also came all the city noise. Unfortunately, the fan settings for the room were either Off or Automatic so it did not help to drown out the city and hotel noise. It was slightly cool outside and the cold air just poured in from the bottom seal of the patio window. The hotel does have a good selection of local beers and wines. The food was okay but very over priced, as you will find throughout the downtown area. The best meal I had was at the Seattle Tap Room in the airport. Beware, if you use the Grayline for transportation, allow plenty of time, as they ran up to an hour late.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Bribear
<Content>Love on the 14th Fkloor The Warwick is a great spot on the north edge of downtown.Convenient Parking Grage next door, restaurant and bar on premises.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful.Our room was a Space Needle view and you could not have asked for a better nightlight.It was also located close to two of our favorite eateries, the Palace Kitchen and the Icon Grill.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WATraveler004
<Content>A Hidden Gem! I found my whole experience at the Warwick fantastic! The staff were helpful and kind. The rooms were beautiful and a good value for the location. Brasserie Margaux (located in the WarwicK) serves delicious meals. I really enjoyed my stay  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abbie04
<Content>Warwick was a wonderful "home away from home" We are relocating to the Seattle area, and thought that the Warwick would be a good place for us to stay while we were house hunting. Returning to the Warwick after a day out with the realtor was just what my husband and I needed.The staff were always welcoming upon our return, and very helpful in answering all of our questions.Our room was lovely, clean and comfortable, with an absolutely spectacular view of the Space Needle.The location is perfect for walking almost anywhere, and we enjoyed many delicious meals in the Brasserie Margaux Restaurant. We especially liked their crabcakes and the tapas selection at Happy Hour.The Hotel was decorated for the Fall season, which added to to the warm, welcoming atmosphere.We did find a home in Seattle, but hope to come back to the Warwick for a weekend getaway once we are settled. We also now know where we will be putting up all of our out of town guests. Thanks to the Warwick Staff in making our first few days in Seattle such pleasant ones!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pitter7378
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!!! We stayed at the Warwick for a night in October. Our original room reeked of smoke and so we were downgraded (they said that at the front desk) to the 6th floor. Our room was small and poorly furnished and stocked (no microwave, fridge etc.). They charged us more than the quoted price, but the confirmation email I received only contained the confirmation #, not the price, so we have been fighting this for 7 days now. To top it all off, we were charged for 2 nights! $487.51 total--it is not worth the money at ALL. We've been calling the hotel nightly and every employee we speak to is unable to fix the problem; we've been getting passed from manager to manager and department to department and we have to repeat our story and prove ourselves over and over again, despite being promised that it will be fixed immediately--I promise. This is, by far, the worst customer service experiences we've EVER had.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>teddybear78
<Content>Worst experience with a hotel! I was in Seattle for my best friends wedding and she had reserved a block of rooms at this hotel. My husband and I checked in Friday night, along with another couple, intending to stay two nights. When we checked in, we were told that our room would be a different price than what we were quoted. I questioned the woman checking us in and she said we needed to have the confirmation number. I printed off the confirmation number and showed it to her. She then told me that the confirmation number was not enough, and that I needed to have the price I was quoted in writing. I did not have time to deal with that right away ( I had to get ready for the rehearsal and grooms dinner.) So, we ran up to our room to get ready. When I opened my hotel room door, the smell of smoke was overpowering. I immediately returned to the front desk because I had definately not booked a smoking room. The woman at the desk told me that my room was not a smoking room, but the floor underneath my room was smoking and it must have drifted up. !?! I asked her what she could do for me, and quickly because I needed to get ready and go. After she debated with a couple other employees I was told I could wait 40 minutes while they cleaned it or check into a room on the 6th floor (no view) which was a downgrade from my 15th floor with a view.I had no other choice than to take the downgrade.I asked to speak with a manager, no one was available.I asked to speak with the person that I had originally booked my room with. I was told I could call the front desk and asked to be connected to her, if she was in.We stayed the night, in the 6th floor room, and the fan in the bathroom was broken! The next day, I reported the broken fan, and again asked to speak with a manager. I was told the manager on duty was on lunch break,but I could leave my cell phone number and they would call me.I never recieved a call.We all checked out after the one night, telling the person at the desk that we were extremely dissatisfied.The staff seemed very uncaring. I asked for directions to the Marriot by the water, they could not give me directions. I asked them to look it up on mapquest for me, they couldn't do that either.I just looked at my bank statement and realized they have charged me for 2 nights! I will have to call and figure this out now.This hotel is a joke, and it is not even nicely decorated. It seems run down and old. The bride had the suite on the top floor, and even that room wasn't amazing. The furniture was marble, but chipped and looked out dated. I would never stay at a Warwick again!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>TravelingE-MN
<Content>Good location, staff could have been more helpful The location of the hotel is good - fairly close to everything. The rooms were clean and we had a balcony and a great view of the Space Needle (I'd recommend asking for a space needle view, if you book). The price was alright as well, at least in comparison to other hotels in Seattle.... Problems: There isn't a moderate / good for family restaurant in the hotel and it is hard to find these in the hotel neighborhood as well, unless you just want fast food. (There is a small grocery/wine store across the street that is open until late, which was really nice!) The staff was not friendly, nor helpful. The front desk was unable to give us walking directions to the wharf (I would have thought a lot of people would have asked for that...). There was also problems with getting a late checkout - because our flight out was at 6pm, I had emailed the hotel before we left for Seattle to get a late check-out. The hotel had responded that, that wouldn't be a problem. When we checked in, the front desk clerk said we had to ask the night before we check out. When I asked that night, he said we had to call down in the morning....just extra unneccessary hassle. Overall, I'd stay somewhere else on my next trip.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wem123
<Content>Fabulous! We had stayed at the Warwick mostly because of its central location (in the heart of downtown and close to Qwest field), and figured with its reasonable price and free shuttle - why not try it? Even before we had arrived at the hotel we received great customer service! Well, we were lost (google directions weren't very good) and it was dark, so we called the hotel and the lady who answered the phone stayed with us on the phone directing us to the hotel until we dropped our car off with the valet. The parking may be pricey, but the free shuttle service the hotel has, more than made up for the cost! Also, because we were in downtown we walked to Macy's, Bed Bath  Beyond and to the mall. The restaurant in the hotel was very good! But a tip - make reservations for Sunday brunch because it gets quite busy. The service was great, the rooms were very comfortable and clean. The water pressure was lacking but that was the only con during the whole trip. We had a paper delivered to our door every morning...what can I say except that we have already booked another trip to Seattle this November and we are of course staying at the Warwick again!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Maryuk
<Content>Good Hotel - Excellent Location       View from our room window  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Roadtripper12
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Not-so-Friendly Staff       The Warwick Seattle  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>Miami sky warrior
<Content>Good choice in Seattle I stayed one night here on business, booked by my company. Overall, it was satisfactory, I arrived late evening, the room on the 17th floor was clean and comfortable, with a great view. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but clean and well equipped. After a good night's sleep I enjoyed an excellent breakfast in the restaurant before checking out. All staff I encountered were friendly and polite.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BptGirl
<Content>Good value, central location My husband, our two children and I stayed here for four nights in July. We had a lovely view of the Space Needle and the Cinerama (a big hit with kids) across the street. The hotel is close to Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square, Tom Douglas' Lola and Dahlia Lounge (a block away), the monorail to Seattle Center, shopping, etc. The pool isn't huge, but it was clean and cool and the kids loved it. The little Juliet balconies for each room are a nice touch as, if you're on a high floor, you can leave the door wide open all night for a welcome breeze. Check in was easy and the staff members were all very pleasant. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Parvani07
<Content>Great value! My husband and I took a day trip to Seattle earlier this month and we were having a HORRIBLE time trying to decide where to stay. We didn't want to have to pay a lot for the hotel and parking. We ended up decided on the Warwick because the AAA rate was $113. Parking was an addition $20, so all in all we ended up spending just under $150 for the night. I was nervous about staying here because I'd read some of the reviews on tripadvisor. Admittedly, when we first arrived, we were a bit put off by a rude desk clerk! However, the individual that checked us in was very nice (he gave us tips on where to eat, best way to get to the monorail, and just a general overview of downtown Seattle). I am probably writing this review because I left an item in our hotel room. I was really worried because I didn't know if I'd be able to get it back. (If you must know it's my childhood pillow). At any rate, the hotel contacted my husband to let him know that they had my pillow and wanted to know where to send it.!!! They sent my pillow and I can now rest easy!The beds were comfortable, and we had a pretty decent view of the city. So, I'd say the room was about a 4 out of 5. It's in a really good location, about 3 blocks to Pikes Peak, 4 blocks to the actual waterfront, and 6 blocks from the Space Needle. So you're definitely in walking distance to some major tourist attractions. The price was extremely good for a downtown hotel!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Bobbio
<Content>Great Location, expensive parking The Warwick is in the heart of Seattle easy walking distance to Pikes Place, the Monorail terminal and Downtown Shops. We stayed twice recently at the start and finish of a tour of the Pacific North West. Staff are very helpful and knowledgable, rooms are large and comfy except that they only have one armchair in a large two bedded room. Rooms have fridge and coffee maker.Parking is on site, it is expensive, but I guess it reflects city centre parking prices. It is in the Free Zone for travel on Seattle's buses so it is very cheap (free) to travel around central Seattle, and there is a handy grocery store opposite  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>almara
<Content>A Pleasurable Experience We stayed here for 5 nights last month. The initial impression was poor - being told that we could not get help with the bags as 鈥渂oth trolleys were in use鈥? I was left to find a trolley myself at the parking garage and be my own bellman. Thereafter things got better - we had a very spacious room on the 17th floor with a great view of the Space Needle, service in the restaurant was OK although the air conditioning in the bar could do with being turned down - it was like sitting in a fridge. The only other glitch was with the bill - our rate included parking but it had been added on to the bill. Overall, however, a pleasurable experience and I would not hesitate to recommend the Warwick.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>uniquemo
<Content>We love this hotel! My Husband and I have stayed here one more than one occasion and we love it more every time! The restaurant, bar and location is fantastic! I can't wait to go back again!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TO_lovebirds
<Content>Noise of airconditioner-a standard? We arranged our stay through a travel agency and unfortunately Warwick Seattle Hotel was the only dissapointment through our trip. During our 3 night stay in Warwick, we changed 3 rooms. Starting from the first minute of our stay, hotel personnel didn`t make us feel like a guest but more like an intruder. They were very reluctant to help and solve complaints. The hotel is right at downtown and 5 minutes to really good restaurants but this seems like the only good thing about it. Although there was availability, the first room they offered was at 2nd floor and our window was directly opening to the car parking at the same level. So we changed the room. In all 3 rooms, there was a loud sound coming from the air conditioner/ heating system which we found unbelievable for an hotel. The hotel personnel told that it is a standard noise for all rooms. So, we tried to avoid using it during the night in order to sleep and if possible only while we were watching TV loudly.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shellyandnat
<Content>A Real Disappointment We stayed three nights, had a double room on the 7th floor. Upon check in the staff was not really welcoming. Bed linens are low quality, torn blankets, thin and worn flat sheet thrown over a thin, felt like pad on bottom mattress. We were there Thursday through Sunday, by the time we left Sunday, our trash container was stacked about 2 feet tall with trash that had not been removed from the room since the first day (newspapers, pizza boxes, plastic bags, paper cups). I kept pulling it further into the room each day, thinking they couldn't possibly miss it again. They did. Even though the hotel went through a renovation not too long ago, the rooms are pretty dated. Parking was expensive, $21 per day, plus wifi at $9 per day. with sales tax over 15% added on, it was not an inexpensive hotel. I remember seeing it rated as 4 star. I'd probably say more like 2.5 star. Parking for guests is on levels 4 and above. Yet, there is no elevator in the garage. Location of the hotel is very good, and although we did not try them, the bar/restaurant seemed pretty busy. Bottom line....we were not impressed with either the service or the hotel itself, and will definitely stay elsewhere next time we are in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alizarine
<Content>Avoid If At All Possible I'm not a terribly critical person, but I really hated this hotel. It has some good points - for example, it's cheaper than other options in downtown Seattle and it's in a decent location. (It's not in the center of downtown like the other hotels, but it's only a 5 or 6 block walk).However, those are the only positives. The rooms are very dark and the furniture is really old and mismatched. This gives the impression of it being dirty as soon a you walk in. As far as cleanliness, it was just okay - it's the kind of place that makes you feel as though you need to check the sheets before crawling into bed. The blankets were really, really worn, but the sheets seemed clean. Everything else was a crap shoot.My biggest problem with the room was that it was freezing. They have these balconies, which are not meant for actually standing on, which were very drafty and made the room unbearably cold. I turned up the thermostat, but it didn't help. And when it actually kicked on , the smell that came out of the vent was disgusting. It smelled like mold and mildew. We actually turned off the heat and froze just so we wouldn't be subjected to the smell.Anyway...I thought this hotel would be okay since I was not planning on being in it very often and I really just needed a convenient location to sleep. Now that I've stayed there I realize it would have been just as cost effective to spend a little more and stay somewhere that provided some comfort. The Warwick charges $23, (I think), for parking and $12 for internet /per day. By the time you add all the extras, I could've stayed at the Red Lion or Hotel Monaco for only slightly more. If you're going to Seattle, look hard at spending a little extra for another hotel - and you'll probably even end up right in the center of downtown.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>JWBlack
<Content>So so Stayed here for two nights as part of a tour package. The location is great and the hotel has a good restaurant. However, some of the staff seemed to be haughty. The pillows were hard and lumpy, bedding needs to be replaced. The room was stuffy as the ventilation fan switches off whenever the room temperture approached the temperture set on the thermostat. There was no way to override this feature.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>loribFilerIdaho
<Content>Great Stay in Seattle I checked rates all over and found GReat Rates on the hotel web page which included breakfast for $132 per night for Friday and Saturday night. The location is great, we could walk to anywhere and it was also 2 blocks from the Monterail. The buses are free all over town if you don't want to walk. The staff was helpful. Ask for a room with space needle view. Small but very clean room and beds. cute little balcony. The continental breakfast had fresh fruit and crusants with a small pot of great coffee. Take a taxi from the airport when you arrive. They are also everywhere around the hotel with no waiting around. I made the mistake and booked the downtown airporter shuttle. This is a bus that makes a bunch of stops and is full. have fun.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>West-is-the-Best
<Content>Nice view, Nice accomodations Having never been to Seattle, I am pleased with the Warwick and my stay there. The staff was amicable and fast--there were always at least 3 people at the front desk. The lobby also has a nice lounge area with a fireplace. They also have a business center with 2 computers with internet access and a printer (free use of all when I was there). My only complaint is the jaccuzi was out of service and being worked on in the pool area (which is in the basement), and the construction zone atmosphere down there was unpleasant. Room service and the food was excellent and fast.If you book a room, ask for a space needle view--I stayed on the 6th floor in a corner room and had a nice view. Plus, it was fairly quiet and I never heard noise (i.e. someone else's loud TV) except for the occasional bus route on the street below. If you don't mind walking, you are only a couple blocks from Westlake shopping center and a few blocks from Pike's Marketplace. Across the street is a gourmet market--Ralph's--that stays open 'till midnight, and a bakery called Dahlia's--known for their coconut cream pie.And best of all, I booked this room on Expedia for a mere $105/night. You won't be smack in the center of everything, but a little walking will get you to the main tourist spots. I felt relaxed and comfortable there--I recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FinancialPlanner
<Content>Home in the city Excellent value. A very warm place to stay. You can sit in the lobby and feel like you are in your own home reading the paper or you can join others in the lounge or restaurant in the hotel. It's quiet at night and the beds are very comfortable. We went to a fantastic Italian restaurant virtually next door where we were greeted and served like part of the family. We walked home from a movie at 12:45am and felt very safe in the area. This is will definitely be our first choice when staying in Downtown Seattle. If this hotel could be mimicked in every other major city in the world for value and comfort every other hotel chain would be out of business.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Bevi525
<Content>Cool hotel, terrible service The Warwick is located in Belltown, an interesting neighborhood with some fabulous restaurants. It has a nice lobby and the rooms were pretty clean. The front desk, however, was a horror show. We had asked for a pot of coffee to be delivered at 6am every morning, as we needed to be up and out by 7. On the third morning, we did not get our coffee, and consequently arose an hour late. And in Seattle of all places! On two separate occasions we asked for the so-called complimentary transportation. Upon the first request, we were told we would have to wait at least a half hour and that we should take a taxi. The second time we asked for transportation we were told our destination was too far away. The point is - don't advertise the service if there are caveats that go with it. The front desk staff was aloof and not interested in reparing the harm, and for that reason alone I would not stay there again. But I do intend to return to Seattle - great town!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ldjnavyrn
<Content>Warwick is ok I stayed at the Warwick hotel 26-28 Jan. I chose it because it was close to Seattle Center where I was attending the Travel Convention. The hotel is ok. Nothing spectalular. The front desk people are friendly though twice when my sister and I asked for directions, the ladies we asked had to go find the manager to ask her. The room we stayed in on the 17th floor was clean. It had a gorgous view of downtown Seattle. The only problem with the room was the lighting was very poor in the bathroom and the handle on the toliet fell off when I flushed so you had to be very careful. But the room was quiet and comfortable. The only other problem we encounter was in our search for a working ice machine. This hotel has 19 floors but only 4 ice machines..17th, 15th, 8th and 4th floor. The one on the 17th floor was out of order, the one on the 15th floor was out of order but Eureka! the one on the 8th floor was working so all wasn't lost. In summary, for the price I paid, it was an adequate hotel with a good location.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Makemineadouble
<Content>We had a great stay here! We booked a room here over thanksgiving weekend with 2 small kids. The location was great! You could walk to everything. We walked to a great coffee house called Cherry Street every morning for coffee and breakfast then went to the museums and space needle then took a cab back to the hotel since it was very cold. One night my husband had a meeting to go to so me and the 2 kids walked around to the merry go round and macy and to pf changs for dinner where by the way we had a wonderful and I mean wonderful time eating greasy Chinese food. We even walked into macy's and got a santa picture of my two kids. No one was there and no line to wait it. What luck and timing. The kids rode on the merry go round and we walked back to the warwick and felt safe and sound. We did eat at the restaurant in the lobby one night and it wasn't good at all. Try one of the restaurants next door/down the street. They all looked so good. Next time we will. Warwick is great for the location, clean, good rates, nice pool, gym and valet parking (parking is a lot but a lot everywhere in seattle hotels).  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NeilFaust
<Content>Great Location Comfortable Room My Brother and I booked direct on the internet. The cab from the airport cost $38. On arrival at the Warwick we were given a warm friendly welcome at reception. We requested a high floor room and we were given a great room on the 14th floor, right on the corner with a city view. Two large double beds, all the amenities you would expect. Powerful shower, coffee making facilities and tv all worked perfectly. The dining room served a delicious menu and was presented very well. The dining room was always buzzing as it also led into the bar area. Served wonderful cocktails. Ralphs deli was right opposite and sold milk, wine and foods.The best part of staying at the Hotel was its easy walking distance to the city. All the main stores like Macys, Nordstrom and Pike market were just minutes away. The staff were very attentive and let us have free use of the Hotels internet in its business office.Sadly our flight was cancelled and we needed a Hotel for another night. We called the Hotel from the airport to ask they accommodate us. Being New years eve it was full but as we were previous guests they managed to find us a room. We even managed to welcome the new year with the spectacular firework display at the space needle. Definitely will return again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HoneymoonMarch2007
<Content>Great hotel for the money Can't beat the Warwick for cost in Seattle. We were forced to stay here after our power was out for over a week at home. Being a native I know Seattle. The location was great, 3 blocks up from Pike Place, just a 4 or 5 blocks over from the Space Needle. We got the winter special, and got a corner room with a direct view of the needle, and Lake Union to the right, on the 15th floor for $100/night. The hotel was renovated, but there is still plenty left from the original 1984 building. The windows are old, and a bit drafty, the street noise, as in all big cities, is constant. We turned up the heat and did just fine. They offer all the things an expensive hotel does, witha great view, for a great price. We would definately stay there again, I'm not going to pay 200/night + to stay anywhere else in Seattle, when the Warwick is available.The restaurant next door, Assiago, was not worth the money, despite reading a good review we were disappointed. There are many better places to eat nearby.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Good Hotel - Bad Wifi This hotel completed extensive renovations in 2006 and the rooms are lovely. Although the rooms are modern, the hotel has the feel of a traditional hotel. The staff are all well dressed and well mannered and very professional. The location is convenient and there is a small gourmet supermarket across the street open until 1AM.  As other reviewers have mentioned, however, street noise is a factor to be considered. The hotel has floor-to-ceiling single glazed windows and even on the 8th floor, trucks and buses could be heard at all hours of the day. Seattle is a very hilly city which adds to the vehicular noise. Most importantly, if you are planning to use the wi-fi internet access, BEWARE. It's about $10 per day but the signal strength is super weak and inconsistent. I had to stand next to my room door to get a halfway decent signal - at the desk there was almost no signal. Hotel staff acknowledge this and have a LAN conversion kit which didn't work either. Bottom line, if internet access is a factor, stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	3	5	5	1	

<Author>topsie2
<Content>A perfect location The Warwick is a perfect location for those who like very comfortable surroundings, a friendly and helpful staff, and close proximity (walking distance) to Pike Market, shopping of all kinds and performances at the Paramount, Moore or Jazz Alley.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cruzca
<Content>Great Location - Nothing Really Fancy On a whole our stay at the Warwick was pretty nice. I think the best part of the hotel is the location (walking distance to most attractions downtown) and the fact that they are a little cheaper than most other hotels in the area. If you go, don't expect a large fancy hotel. Request a high floor (7th or higher) for a view. The food and room service aren't really that great but there are some eating options that are very close.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Capskys
<Content>Enjoyed the Warwick very much... Arriving from Staten Island, NY, we stayed at the Warwick in September, 2006, pre-cruise to Alaska, for 2 nights. We were celebrating our 25th Anniversary on the day of our arrival. The people at the front desk, the concierge and the restaurant were wonderful. The Brasserie Margaux Restauant was excellent and we were so pleased that we had decided to have our anniversary dinner there. Chef Zarkdes knew it was our anniversary, the food was so delicious and he made sure that we had exceptional service from his best waitress, Janice. Charlotte, the concierge, was really helpful with booking our bus tour of Seattle and a car to the Cruise Ship dock. Our room was more than adequate and we found it quite comfortable. We splurged and ordered room service for breakfast and it was delightful. On the whole our experience at the Warwick was very pleasant and enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>5634
<Content>Good Location,Poor Cleanliness The Warwick Hotel has a great location in Seattle. Close to shopping, PIke Place and the Seattle Centre. However what really lets this hotel down is it cleanliness. The bed linen was torn, bottom of curtains were torn and the floor had a few stains. The hotel advertises itself as having a balcony ,which in reality is a disappointment. We stayed in a hotel in San Diego which did have a balcony - table, chairs etc. The Warwick balcony is about 10 inches.The view from rooms with a view of the Space Needle is terrific, but doesn't make up for the poor cleanliness. The check in staff were neither pleasant nor unpleasant and we decided not to sample the restaurant. Ralph's deli across the street is great for snacks and also has a cafe.There are plenty other better hotels in Seattle for the same or slightly more money than the Warwick - choose one of them e.g The Hotel Andra.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>marygone
<Content>Warwick was a great choice! My first trip to Seattle. I selected the Warwick based on reviews here (and it was a package available from United), and I was not disappointed. I found the staff to be quite friendly and knowledgeable. My room on the sixth floor was clean and comfortable (in fact, the first night there, I fell asleep early, with my clothes on, and stayed that way all night)! I ate in the restaurant, and the waitress nudged me away from my first choice, and gave me a thumbs up on my second choice (I asked for her advice), a delicious rigatoni dish with artichokes and olives. Their bread is especially wonderful! The location is convenient for walking; the hotel provided a very helpful map. I used the Grayline shuttle from the airport and back, which was so easy. I'd certainly stay at the Warwick again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>travelin75
<Content>Good Location, but... My sister and I stayed in a two double bed room on the third floor (305) We requested a room on a higher floor, but none were available upon check-in. I've read reviews you can hear street noise on the lower floors. The room was very noisy and I couldn't get any sleep. If you're a light sleeper, go with a higher floor if you can get one. Room was nice (at time of walk in), but small. Bathroom was small as well and didn't have enough towels for two people. When we closed the curtains, I noticed several stains. They were dark reddish brown in color. I'm assuming they were blood stains. I was disgusted. The phone's earpiece was visibly dirty and there was a hair in the bathtub, before we used it. I left my comments about the room with management and haven't heard back.Location was great, close to shopping and the market. Parking was $21 a night, but a good deal since other lots are pricier and street parking is scarce. Check out is at noon and parking was good until 5pm. There is a grocery store across the street and a starbucks and seattle's best coffee 2 -3 blocks up on Lenora. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant. Food was good and service was great! Seattle Times paper was delivered every morning. Internet service is not included in the price of the room and cost $10 a day. If you're looking for restaurants in the area try The Icon Grill on 5th and Virginia and the Pink Door at Post Alley, 1st and Stewart.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	1	3	3	2	

<Author>39StatesNcounting
<Content>Good place without spending big bucks The Warwick was plenty comfortable and nice for us. We had a nice view of the Space Needle from our room. Don't expect a balcony. There is just an 18 inch ledge with ironwork to keep you from falling overboard. But you can open the patio door and partially step out for a view of Lake Union and Elliott Bay. The last morning we were there, the top of the Space Needle was hidden by clouds. It was neat to see it in sunny weather and cloudy. We had everything we needed at the Warwick. No complaints.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ayvc
<Content>Nice hotel This was our first trip to Seattle and we wanted stay downtown. We had a good rate for the hotel  decided to stay at the Warwick. It was very clean, and we stayed on the 17th floor which had an excellent view of the Space Needle  downtown. It was nice to be able to open up the sliding door and let the cool air in. The bed was comfy but the pillows were not. The room was clean, parking was not a problem if you use the hotel parking. The staff was friendly  helpful. You had to ask for a key to the business center and there were only 2 computers. Needless to say it was a hassle to use the computers  to acquire the key. The restaurant was very good for breakfast. The hotel is not within walking distance to major attractions like it stated. The space needle  Pike's market are about 20 mins away (walking) so we opted to drive there.We were pleased with the hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>WhitehorseTraveller
<Content>Warwick Seattle Stayed at the Warwick on October 7 and 8, after booking through Expedia. It's a good hotel for the price, with nice rooms, restaurant, and pool/hot tub. The location is perfect, as you can park your car (Seattle is a CRAZY city to drive in) and walk everywhere.Only one problem with the stay. We were on the 8th floor, with a great view of the Space Needle. Late on Saturday night, the entire floor suddenly erupted in one huge party. The noise was incredible, as a large group of young people (not sure if they were high school or college age) were running up and down the hall, in and out of rooms with doors slamming, knocking on doors - including ours - and yelling and throwing things from the balcony to the street below. After several calls to the front desk, we asked to move to a different floor which, in spite of the hassle of having to pack our bags and relocate in the middle of the night, resolved the issue a(t least for us). We got a note of apology in our new room, along with a voucher for breakfast.I travel quite a bit, and have never run into this before. I'm not sure what a hotel can do in this situation - maybe some hotel owners or managers could explain what the policy is? One of the problems was apparently that there were several floors where the same thing was happening, and the hotel security was overwhelmed. The front desk clerk told me that as long as the guests were in their rooms, they were 'following hotel noise policy', which doesn't seem reasonable to me, if correct. In this case, it was more than simple rowdiness or high energy. I heard a voice from the next balcony saying 'Hey, don't -- on those people on the street!'! As well, when we finally did get a new room, the route to the elevator was blocked with a mass of people - on the floor, couples making out against the walls, people running up and down the hallways etc. Anyone have similar experiences or thoughts on this? Or, if you're a parent of someone who was on a school trip to Seattle over the Columbus Day weekend, and your child was staying at the Warwick, you might want to ask some pointed questions! Anyway, the hotel itself was fine, great location, reasonable price. Parking anywhere in Seattle is expensive, but at the Warwick there was secure parking available, and the location was easy to get to and leave from.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ccba
<Content>Liked this place, good location Stayed here for three nights in September 2006. The room was very comfortable, nice bed and clean bathroom. Found chocolates in my room upon arrival-nice touch. Other reviewers have mentioned that the rooms can be a bit noisy because of street noise. That's because you have a wall of windows - gives a great view but not totally soundproof. Ask for a room on an upper floor facing the Space Needle, there are 16 floors. I stayed on the 10th floor and had no problem with outdoor noise. Hotel is on 4th Avenue with lots of great restaurants nearby and a 10 minute walk to Pike Place market and shopping. Great bakery just a block away and a movie theater across the street. Shuttle bus from airport stops at the corner. The hotel is nice but not as nice as some other hotels in the downtown (but probably not as expensive either). Still, I would come back for another stay.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>bijou2006
<Content>don't recommend Stayed here for 2 nights last week. Had a confirmed reservation via hotel website (with a printout in my hand), but the front desk says the room is not available. Waited for about 20 minutes and a room became available, although not the type I reserved.My rate included continental breakfast, but had to tell the front desk again who finally gave me the vouchers. My room was on the 16th floor facing the Space Needle. You can hear a lot of noise from the street until late night.Overall, I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	2	4	

<Author>bububr
<Content>Not Bad........ We had a post stay at the Warwick after an Alaskan Cruise. We stayed pre-cruise at a different establishment. Checkin is at 3pm. we arrived earlier and they were happy to store our luggage and told us we should have rooms ready by 11:30 or 12:00. They were. We however were given wheelchair accessable rooms so I can't comment on the regular accomodations. The rooms are average size and comfortable, although the bed frame sticks out a bit on the ends leading to stubbed toes if you get too close. The bed was comforatble, and the room contained all the ammenities you would expect. TV, alarm clock, coffee maker, mini-bar. There are small balconies with sliding doors. The decor is typical of a high rise hotel, but the leather headboard makes a statement. Ice machines are available on four floors only.The pool and gym are located in the basement. THe pool is small and 3 feet deep, but very nice. The hot tub was broken so I cannot comment on it. The gym is well stocked with equipment and towels. There is also a two person sauna available. The mens room has lockers and showers for changing. Although I went to turn on the shower and the fixture fell off. I was blasted back into the wall by a stream of hot water.The bathroom was set up with a handicap shower, no tub, and a hand spray fixture which had very little water pressure.The hotel is VERY convenient to shopping and walking around. There is a shuttle to the airport for 10.25 per person that leaves every :25 and :55 on the hour. It takes about 25 minutes to get to the airport and is very comfortable. I did notice the staff recommending the private car service to the airport for $35.00 but this is about the same if not more than taking a cab, especially after tipping the driver. I leave that to personal opinion.Would I stay here again.....Most likely not. Although the staff was friendly, and the restaurant good, the hotel lacked the comfort and personality factor that I look for when I travel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Lynn-in-Chapel-Hill
<Content>Great value in Seattle Myself and spouse stayed at the Warwick Seattle for four days in September. This hotel does not disappoint as a reasonably priced stay in the downtown area. It's an easy walk to all sightseeing attractions (five blocks from the waterfront) and there is a free bus in Seattle but we could never figure out how that worked (do some research before you go!!). Our room (king bed) was spacious and nicely appointed, very comfortable and with plenty of pillows. The coffee in the room of course was great (this being Seattle). The bath is finished in marble with a deep tub and hand-held shower which was a nice touch. Toiletries were below average but that's not a huge consideration for us. Our only complaints concerned the front desk. I had made two reservations: one for the first part of our trip and one for the third leg (after Olympic Penninsula) but decided to cancel the second reservation. When we arrived at the hotel after a full day of travel the desk clerk kept us waiting for several minutes without so much as a hello. We moved to the second desk clerk when she was free and were told that our reservation could not be found. No attempt was made to look for it. We had to walk up the stairs to the parking garage and get our confirmation from our luggage and only then did they find the reservation. The following day my office tried to call and was told that we weren't staying there. Parking is $21/day which is pretty steep but the only option because parking in Seattle is scarce. The hotel doesn't have a shuttle so the only other option was a cab which is about $30.The hotel restaurant is adequate but for a really great breakfast walk a block to the Mayflower Park Hotel (pricey but fabulous).  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	3	3	

<Author>scooter028
<Content>Good location, room was OK We stayed here on the last few days of our Pacific Northwest honeymoon. The rooms were large, but the bathrooms small. Very convenient to walk to most sights in Seattle, but watch out for those hills. The complimentary shuttle is for a 2 mile radius and is free drop off, no pick up, but they did take us to the Pyramid Brewery one night which is right next to Safeco Field. I'm not sure if that's more than 2 miles away, but for us it definitely wasn't walking distance. That was very convenient. The restaurant I'm sure is overpriced, however, they had happy hour specials that we took advantage of each of the two nights we stayed there. I think it was $3 draft beers (large glasses and lots of variety and loca lmicrobrews), and buy two tapas selections and get the 3rd for free. They also had $1 off all well drinks. The tapas were reasonably priced and pretty filling, i was very surprised. They were also pretty creative, very tasty. The bed was far from luxurious. Actually, i didn't sleep under the covers just because of how the bedding looked. The blanket under the bed spread was ripped and looked as thought it had been there since the hotel was built and the sheets were all wrinkled. Not the best end to a honeymoon and not very romantic. They also did not vacuum the room when housekeeping came (we had to wait outside at 4:30pm for housekeeping to finish, so good thing the bar had those happy hour specials). We're not slobs, but we did leave some crumbs on the dark flooring from some chips that were still there and stepped on when we got back to our room. The only thing I would really want is a microwave in the room, we only had a small refrigerator. Overall, not a bad place, I would stay there again if I got another deal on hotwire, but definitely not a romantic stay for a honeymoon.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>xyza
<Content>Great Hotel for the price We stayed here for three nights before a cruise. We were on the tenth floor with a beautiful view of the Space needle. Rooms were very comfortable. Plenty of room for our family of four. We loved the location, since the hotel is situated centrally to everything we wanted to see. Staff was pleasant and helpful with any questions we had. If you don't mind walking, you can get to just about anywhere from this hotel. We will definitely stay here again when we come back to Seattle!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jason330i
<Content>location Great place to stay if you're looking to be in the heart of the downtown festivities. We had a room with a view of the space needle (very cool). We walked from the hotel to Pike's market and to the shopping district. Both are just blocks away. Ralph's Grocery  Deli across the street is very convenient (and they sell Lambic). We went to a Marines game on Sunday. It wasn't too bad driving to the stadium and parking (15 bucks to park). Overall, the Warwick is a nice place (bathrooms are kinda small). We would stay there again, but also look at the abundant other hotels nearby just for some variety.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>gefilte63
<Content>Gem This hotel was an absolute gem. Small, but great service. The room was not huge but certainly adequate, clean and comfortable. Ask for a room on a high floor and get a great view of either downtown or the Space Needle.Best of all was the attentive staff. Concierges were friendly and helpful. The shuttle drivers also went out of their way (literally) for us. They will take you to the Victoria ferry and pick you up as well. Very convenient.Would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Southeast12
<Content>A pretty good value I visit Seattle frequently. Sometimes for 1 or 2 days, sometimes for longer. If you are staying for only up to 2 nights, it is not worth it, especially after this hotel raised its rates lately. For you, I would recommend the Ramada a few steps away. But, if you are staying for a longer time, this is perfect. Especially with families. There are some fancier hotels in town but the Warwick would satisfy most families, especially the more expensive suites! The swimming pool is a bit dark and the balconies are acually just big step out windows, but there are views and the location is perfect. As for the small restaurant, dont go there, it is overpriced and does not have much to offer, there is much better food in Downtown.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chap4
<Content>Good Alternative We stayed 4 nights in a room with a view of the space needle. This hotel is a few blocks from downtown shopping and on the edge of Belltown and a short walk to Pike Place Market. It's about 200 rooms--could be considered a large boutique hotel. Our room was not plush--but newish, clean with nice toiletries and bath robes. The service was fine and everyone who worked there was nice. In sum, the hotel is a bit of a compromise. Not the largest, not the most central, not the fanciest--but a convenient, well maintained place for the money.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kitsilano
<Content>Comfortable and very convenient. We like the Warwick because of the great location - an easy walk to Pike Place Market, the Science Center, and downtown. Many good restaurants close by, and the incomparable Ralph's Deli right across the street (whose wireless signal works fine - you don't need to pay $9 for the hotel service). Ask for a room on the west side. The weekend escape rate at $179 is good value: it includes parking (otherwise $21) and breakfast (a $20 value).  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel...Needs some improvement Stayed for 3 days in March. Great location...clean...reasonable rates...very friendly staff. Easy walk to to many attractions...Ralph's Market across the street is excellent.Some negatives though. Noisy heater fan in room...seems like a lot of rooms have this problem. PPV movie channel had terrible picture. Lots of interference on screen. Staff alerted but couldn't fix it. Pool is small but OK. 3 out of 4 aerobic machines in fitness centre broken!A Space Needle view will have you facing Lenora St. This is a very busy bus route so be prepared for lots of street noise. In my experience, any downtown hotel has lots of street noise so bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>erinwyher
<Content>Good hotel, lost a star because of the noisy heater and non-working pool The hotel location was perfect, right in the center of town and just a few blocks to the convention center. I walked from here to Pike's Place market for breakfast, then on to the convention center each day of the convention and found it all very convenient. (Try the Crumpet Shop for breakfast, delicious crumpets, and cheap lattes before 8:30am every day!) The hotel room was clean and everyone who worked here was helpful and perfectly friendly. The bed was too comfortable :). The first night I had trouble sleeping though, because the heater would wake me up every couple of hours. By the second night, I learned to tune it out. There is a coffee maker in the room, by the way (I had read somewhere that there was only coffee in the lobby, and this is not true.) There is also a nice little fridge where I stored away spring water for my week. I had a view of the Space Needle without even asking - very nice.Unfortunately, they were working on the pool during my one-week stay, and that was kind of annoying because I had chosen the hotel for their pool. I did get to swim the first night, and it was a nice smallish pool. There was a lukewarm hot tub attached. All in all, though, nice amenities. Would stay again, would recommend for the rates, the location and the comfy rooms.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rickard
<Content>Average American hotel               
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Small Hotel, Excellent Value We made online reservations for two nights on the hotel's website and took advantage of the Warwick Escapes package. The package included best available room upon arrival, parking and breakfast for two for $150 including all fees and taxes - what a bargain! On arrival we were greeted by pleasant and attentive parking attendants, bellmen and front desk staff. Our room was exactly what we requested - clean, no smoking, high floor, king bed, quiet room, away from elevator, view of the Space Needle. The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of many major attractions, shops and restaurants. We truly enjoyed our stay at the Warwick and will, with no hesitation, recommend this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above Average, Very Nice Stay The hotel is in an amazing location with great restaurants, gourmet grocery, and cinerama within 1 block radius. It has Macy's, Nordstroms, other shopping within a few blocks after that. The mattress was very comfy. AMAZING SWEEPING VIEW of space needle, lake union, downtown, and Elliott Bay. Great pool and gym facility too! Room service is nothing to write home about. Don't get the pizza. Parking was $21. YIKES! Old building, but nicely remodeled.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>let's get things straight         
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Night at the Warwick The rooms at the Warwick were nice. They were clean, comfortable and quiet. However, there was nothing exceptional about them. The restaurant was also nice and the food was good. The staff, on the other hand, was not pleasant or helpful. In fact there was one member of the staff who was outright rude. I felt like I was in their way when checking in and asking questions. I would recommend the Warwick to someone looking for a reasonable priced hotel, but don鈥檛 expect too much.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Night from Hell! After a late (midnight) arrival, the night manager argued to convince me that one bed and a pull-out sofabed constituted a room with two beds, forcing me to sleep in the same bed as my teenage son. The noisy heater cycled on and off all night, and the fan could not be set to stay on without heating. (Verified with the maintenance man.) Then the traffic started at 6am. By 6:30am I was in the lobby begging to switch to a different room. The same manager agreed there was a problem, but insisted he would have to charge me for the second room. Final straw: My son returned to the room at 2pm, not knowing I had checked out at noon. HIS KEY STILL WORKED, even though someone else had checked in. Not knowing this, my son went through someone else's shopping bags, until he realized they weren't ours. The Warwick Seattle hotel has major problems: noisy intermittent heating, lots of street noise with little insulation, and bad security. But the worst problem was the night manager, Chuck, who refused to help.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gettingconfused
<Content>Great Stay We stayed at the Warwick for one night (was supposed to be two but the train ran 10 hours late!). The front desk staff were fantastic - we arrived in the morning after missing our first night due to the Amtrak train running late and we were fully expecting to be charged for the night we missed - but they waived that nights charges, something they didnt have to do. The rooms were nice and clean, we had a fantastic view of the Space Needle. We were using this hotel as a temporary stop over before going to the Inn at El Gaucho (see review) and when we were leaving the Warwick provided a shuttle to El Gaucho - fantastic service. Felt a little guilty leaving as we had no complaints at all with the Warwick and could have happily stayed there.From our experiences at the Warwick I would happily recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>krosas
<Content>Nice Hotel and Service, but . . . . My husband and I decided to plan a trip with my cousin and her husband. They had stayed at the Warwick many years ago and loves the space needle view. So, we booked both of our rooms at the Warwick for a three night stay. Upon arrival, my cousin told me, don't expect a huge lobby or check in counter. Boy was she right!! The lobby area is very small but cozy. Check in/out, question desk and concierge are all at one desk that is about 15 feet long. You feel so cramped if you are getting information and there are two people waiting behind you!! But, very good service. The manager who checked us in gave us coupon books, maps, anything that was going to help us around the city. That was very nice!The room was clean and looked nice. Until we went into the restroom. It was clean, very small, but clean but looked like a fist was coming through the ceiling. It was very weird! Also, in the shower, there was a cover that looked as if it was ready to fall off. We paid for the upgaded view of the space needle. We were told we'd be able to see it from our bed. Well, that was false. In order to see the needle, you had to stand in the corner and look at it or open the slider to see it. It was ok though. We read some reviews about the pool being kind of dingy and dark, but nice once you were in the water. So we tried it out. It is in the basement, but the elevator takes you right there. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the stench of chlorine. It smelled so bad. We decided to muddle through and went in the pool. The temp was nice, but we then opted for the spa. From the steam and the chlorine, both my husband and I had to leave because our eyes were burning and watering so bad. We told the front desk and a lady responded with how do you expect us to keep it clean? Overall, it was nice, but we probably won't stay there again. We found a hotel a few blocks closer to all of the shopping that was way nicer and cleaner and had cheaper rates. I think we will give it a try next time.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ThomasR
<Content>The Right small hotel I travel for business and prefer relatively small hotels instead of the huge, name-brand dormatories. In Seattle, I found the Warwick. Two hundred rooms, not 2000. A very personable staff. Free shutle rides to your appointments around downtown. Tiny excertise room, pool, adequate restaurant, 24 hour room service. All at rates lower than the more famous people barns down the street. A very pleasant experience.PS. The hotel is in the upgrade process and the refurbished rooms come at at a $20 premium. Worth it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AKLadyLawyer
<Content>OK hotel; good location; watch out for construction noise We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hotel Warwick. I agree with previous posters that the staff is nice and the location very convenient. The hotel is an easy walk to downtown shopping areas and Seattle Center attractions. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, but there were a few problems worth mentioning.We chose this hotel in part because the rooms feature an outside balcony. My husband smokes, but I do not, and we prefer to get a smoking room with windows or an outside balcony to minimize smoke inside the room. If this is your preference, be advised that the balconies are barely wide enough to fit a human. We did not feel safe actually standing on the balcony, especially with the balcony door closed. Smokers beware: the hotel only has a few smoking rooms, all located on the second floor. This floor is where the public meeting rooms and restrooms for the restaurant and bar are located. We requested a smoking room on an upper floor with a Space Needle view. We were given a smoking room on the 2nd floor. No Space Needle, no view. This was obviously not one of the renovated rooms. The ceiling light fixtures were about a dozen 1970s-era cans (track lighting) set in rows in the ceiling, directed at the bed. It felt like starring in your very own intimate film. The bathroom also had a paper towel dispenser like in a public restroom and strange pink goo in the soap dispenser, which looked like it hadn't been changed since the track lighting was installed. The traffic noise was incredibly loud, and hotel construction noise started very early. Due to a very late flight, the desk was unable to change our room on check-in, but told us to come back the next day. We changed to a nonsmoking 7th floor room the next day, which thankfully was more updated. The traffic noise was a little better a few floors up, and we had a nice Space Needle view. The bed was comfortable, the amenities average. We liked the in-room refrigerator. There was intermittent construction noise throughout the hotel. Hotel renovations are ongoing; the noise wasn't too bad on the weekend, but I would take care if staying during the week. Also, the smoke detector in our room was not operational (the device was unhooked and sitting on top of the closet). I called maintenance to have it hooked up, but it didn't get done during our stay.We did not use the pool or jacuzzi. As a previous poster noted, the spa facilities are in the basement, and it felt too isolated for my comfort. However, we liked the bar quite a bit. Friendly staff, good drinks and draft beer selection and a nice atmosphere. We ate at the bar one night, primarily for convenience. There are certainly better places to eat in Seattle, but the food was OK and we had a nice time. The concierge was very helpful in helping us select a restaurant that was perfect for our tastes and making dinner reservations. The lobby fireplace added a cheerful, cozy ambience and we enjoyed warming up there after our sightseeing. I will probably want to check out a different hotel the next time I am in Seattle. However, if you avoid the second floor rooms and don't mind a little construction noise, the Hotel Warwick is a convenient, friendly and generally comfortable place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>doesn't honor reservation's price Made a reservation using the 50% Entertainment book discount (mentioned at time of reservation) and when we went to check in, they said they haven't honored that for weeks. So we cancelled the room before we found out that there was a huge convention in town that took over all the hotels in the area, and we had to cut our vacation short. The Warwick apparently thinks a few bucks (from milking conventioneers) is worth ticking off a few Entertainment book users. Definitely not 3 star material to me...pretty sleazy IMHO.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Mezlin
<Content>Best place to stay in Downtown Seattle A great place to stay in downtown Seattle. We were able to walk everywhere. Our room was nicely furnished and clean. The entire staff was friendly and helpful. The Ralphs grocery and deli across the street is a real plus. We are definetly staying here next Seattle trip.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cc41
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Warwick pre cruise. Chosen for location, price and free area shuttle. The shuttle was great to get us to the ship on Sunday morning. The Warwick is within easy walking distance to just about everything, but we had luggage so the shuttle was great. Desk staff and concierge are friendly and helpful. We did not eat at the restaurant, but spent time watching football in the bar area after checking out/ pre-cruise and the bartender was great!Room was a bit small, but clean and comfortable.Only complaint was street noise (people yelling, not traffic) at all hours all night. We were on a lower floor. I think if you're higher it would be ok.Despite that, we would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarahlou82
<Content>Great Location and friendly staff!       The restaurant at night  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy downrown location An older hotel, the Warwick nevertheless has been renovated and retained a sort of 1970's charm. the room was spacious and the view of the Space Needle terrific. However, they charge way too much for Internet Access - ESPECIALLY since you can get FREE Wi-Fi in the grocer-deli on the corner, and it is open to 1AM. Staff was courteous and helpful, and the restaurant is quite good. Everything is in walking distance. Great place to stay when in Seattle!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My travel needs were well met I was traveling alone and felt welcomed and safe with the small lobby and friendly desk staff; the room was comfortable, with good beds, small step-out balcony (and windows that open!), bathrobe, very clean, missed having an armchair to read in; loved the fruitplate and individual coffee pots in the dining room, where service was prompt and friendly; gourmet market across the street has all kinds of goodies and other supplies, and there are plenty of restaurants and stores within easy walking distance. The indoor pool is small and lightly used, but clean and pleasant.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dreamonixx
<Content>Home away from home Just spent three nights at this most conveniently located property. As a flight attendant I stay in many big name brand properties so have a good idea of what's good or bad. The Warwick looks to have been renovated and yes some of the rooms are in places worn however they are comfortable and clean. The major thing we noticed here was the staff. Everyone from front desk clerk to housekeeping was just fantastic. They could have not been more helpful and really made Seattle a pleasure to visit. The hotel has a free shuttle which runs anywhere you want to go within about 2 miles. The drivers are well versed in geography and no journey seemed like too much trouble. It's not a Hilton or a brand hotel BUT it does have genuine personality and a caring team behind the product. It's not fake or pretentious. Great location and safe area at night. You have great shops and restaurants within walking distance - try Lolas just next door for flawless food.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>discriminateWA
<Content>Bad Choice! I booked this hotel through Hot Wire and called immediately requesting a nonsmoking room, a king bed and a room away from the elevator/ice.The person I spoke to was pleasant and stated they could not guarantee these requests would be honored but would make a note on the reservation. At check-in, the person at the desk was very rude, said there were no special request noted on our reservation card andstated there were no king beds and because of the way the reservation was made we were stuck with 2 double beds. We were located directly accross from the elevator and ice! It was nonsmoking. There is no elevator from the parking garage to the hotel. The Warwick mats in the garage are filthy as are the stairwells. The part of the hotel that faces 4th smells of urine. The carpets in the registration and elevator area need cleaning. The upholstery and curtains in our room needed cleaning andpressing There was a sign in the bathroom about water conservation;however, the tub facet dripped continuously. The tub drain needsattention, the shower curtain has holes in it. There was no coffee maker in the room. The bedding did not fit the bed and we found ourselves sleeping directly on the mattress with bedding askew. Other staff were also unfriendly and short. The housekeeping staff was quite pleasant. I will NEVER stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful service! Beautiful View The concierge and all the front desk staff completely blew us away with their attentiveness and desire to make our trip great. They make you feel welcome! Their knowledge of the city is fantastic as well.The room we were in was a smoking room, but we couldn't really tell, there wasn't much of a lingering smell of cigarettes. The balcony windows open wide to the wonderful view of the space needle. The restaurant was lovely, we felt insecure not being very dressed up but they didn't seem to mind at all and treated us like guests. We will be back! Stay at the Warwick!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smonion
<Content>Fun for the movies I stayed here with my boyfriend the night that Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith Opened. The hotel is right across the street from the Cinerama (Seattle's best big screen theatre). The hotel was completely full, I think mostly with StarWars people. So I think the staff was a little overwhelmed. Most everyone was nice but we were yelled at when we were checked out (20 min late on an already late check out). That made me a little bit mad but I'll take it with a grain of salt that it was a one time occurence.The balcony is the best part of the room, it's so wonderful to be up really high and to be able to get fresh air (I hate hotels where you can't open the windows). Great view of the Space Needle. I just loved the balcony!Bathroom is incredibly small but was very clean and had pretty marble fixtures, I think they do have suites with large tubs if that is what you're after.Bed was comfortable, tv was good, minibar was nice and not ridiculously overpriced.Pool was small but fine, seemed slightly deeper than most Seattle hotel pools but I was operating on very little sleep so maybe I'm remembering it wrong. Hot tub was quite pleasant and not too hot, just hot enough.It's a good location, close to lots of restaurants and across the street from a fancy little grocery store that also serves food (tasty stuff).We had roomservice, I wasn't overly impressed but it wasn't bad, we ordered two cheeseburgeres, a caesar salad and clam chowder. I'm probably just annoyed that my cheeseburger was too well done and it was too late at night to send it back, my boyfriend enjoyed his. I did like the chowder and the bread that I requested with it was good (Rosemary bread from the Essential Bakery).I would definitely stay here again if I was attending a movie event or if I needed to be in that neighborhood.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>katrina50
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Hotel was very clean, comfortable and nicely appointed. The location was great-pretty much in the middle of the shopping area, pikes' market and the space needle. Close to good bars and resturants. Highly recommend.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel and staff My wife and I stayed at the hotel for just one night, april 24th 2005. I wish we would have had time to stay here for several nights. The hotel was very clean. Our room had a spectacular view of the Space Needle. The staff was very helpful with questions. The breakfast in the in-hotel restaurant was very good. I definitely recommend this hotel for vacationing couples.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bisScottie
<Content>Great Location and Value We were here for the Easter long weekend and loved it. We received a very fair rate and the staff at the front desk were very helpful and they even had a free shuttle to downtown which we only used on our first night becuase we soon realised just how close we really were to everything. we were about a 25 minutte walk to Pioneer Square about 15 minute walk to Pike Place Mareket and a 20 minute walk to Space Needle / EMP. The rooms are clean and well kept with a mini fridge in the room that I really like, but sadly no coffee maker. My only major beef was the $21 for nightly parking which was a blatant rip-off considering they only charge $8 to park all-day.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sisters from Coeur d' Alene, Idaho My sister and I stayed at the Warwick from 3 nights on spring break. We loved the hotel!! The location was amazing becuase we could walk anywere and the 24 hour shuttle was great!! We ordered room service for breakfast which took longer then I would have liked but when it arrived he told us they were really busy and he works in the restaurant so he just ran it up instead of just waiting so he got a good tip. When we arrived the valet was great and they took our lougage up to our room for us. All in all it was a great stay and I will be staying here again. Be aware of some of the bad reviews because some of those people sound a little high maintnance.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aptbroker1
<Content>Good value hotel We have stayed at the Warwick several times over the past few years, and I spent the night there on March 25, 2005. The room was fine, with King bed, TV with pay per view movies, and a mini-fridge. Only thing missing was a coffee maker. Nice marble bathroom with hand held shower. The view on the east side of the hotel is the Space Needle, while this time I viewed the 2 Westin hotel towers. The price was right, and I got 10 miles per $ with my AAdvantage card! Only fly in the ointment was the $21 overnight parking charge. I would definately come back, as the location is great.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warwick Bad I see good reviews of the Warwick and it shocks me...The staff was quite rude, the rooms were fairly dirty. I cut myself and asked for a bandaid and they did not have any?!?! I requested a bottle opener and they also did not have that... Go somewhere with better service.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>strryeyedgrrl
<Content>A Decent Experience at the Warwick My husband and I stayed at the Warwick after a company party. I had made our reservations well in advance in order to secure a special group rate for our company's partygoers. The reservations agent that I spoke with was pleasant, thorough, and helpful - he made sure that I understood what I would need to know about my reservation.Our first discrepancy occurred upon arrival. I had researched, at the Warwick's own website, the cost of overnight parking - it stated that it was $21.00 effective March 1, 2005. When we arrived, however, the parking attendant informed us that it was $18.00 and that we could add it to our bill. Upon check-in, this information changed again and we were instead informed that parking was indeed $21.00. Honestly, I believe that both amounts are ridiculously overpriced, especially considering that other hotel guests paid much more for their reservations and still had to pay this outrageous parking fee. Regardless, I disregarded the discrepancy and signed my bill. I wasn't going to cause a stink over $3.00.The bill was the second discrepancy of the afternoon - our company was given a group rate of $79.00 per night, however, my check-in information stated that it was $75.00. I shrugged this off as well, figuring that it made up for the miscommunication with regards to the cost of parking.The room itself was lovely. We were pleased with its setup and cleanliness and I really admired the furniture. While a fan in the bathroom would have been nice, it was easily overlooked once we opened the curtains and looked out onto the city - what a great view!Upon check-out the next morning, we again met with inconsistencies. Our bill was slid under the door of our room prior to our departure, so I reviewed it for accuracy. Suddenly the room rate was $79.00 again! While this was the rate that I had expected to pay, I was a little annoyed with the constant miscommunication. Not only that, but there were others from my company staying at the Warwick also - they had also mentioned checking in at a rate of $75.00.When my husband and I arrived at the front desk to check out (for some reason, video checkout would not work for our room), I mentioned these discrepancies to the front desk clerk. I made it clear, or so I thought, that I wasn't worried about the small amount of money that these miscommunications involved ($7.00, all told), but that I wanted someone to know what had happened. I wasn't even able to get out that I knew others that had been advised $75.00 at check-in that may be, well, more vocal than I was being.The desk clerk seemed clearly put out by this information and gave me short, quick answers to my questions. He informed me that the garage attendents were still having trouble remembering that their rate had changed and that the company party rate was $79.00. I explained to him again that I was okay with paying $79.00, but wanted him to realize that the paperwork provided at check-in stated $75.00. Honestly, he huffed and puffed and then took $4.00 off my bill. Really? I didn't care about the money. I just wanted him, or anyone, to know that people were being misinformed. My husband, who is quick to tell me when I'm getting overbearing and pushy (aren't all husbands good for that?), agreed that I had not done anything of the sort when speaking with the desk clerk.Overall, I can't give this hotel more than 3 stars. The hotel itself is beautiful and centrally located, but the service and attention we received was far from expectation.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Space Needle View We stayed at the Warwick for three nights about two years ago and loved it. We had traveled by Amtrak from Sacramento and then took the Clipper to Victoria for a couple of days. It was a magical vacation...all public transportation and walking to our destinations. Our room had one whole wall of windows that faced the Space Needle. (There was a sliding door that opened onto the balcony...weird) The room was small, but so cozy. The staff was wonderful. They have 24 hour shuttle service and we enjoyed talking with the drivers. We had dinner one night and it was great, the waitress had a strong French accent (something we don't hear often in CA) Beautiful food presentation,We easily walked to the Market. The Mall was great, with Monorail stop so convenient. Street entertainers were wonderful,and we were delighted to find real stores open on Sunday. We bought bento (box) lunches at the sandwich shop near the hotel and took them on the train,It was the best vacation ever..so glad that my daughter told us to stay at the Warwick. later I remembered that I had stayed at a Warwick hotel in Denver and enjoyed that too.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Arewethereyet???
<Content>Will be back..... Stayed the weekend of January 28th at the Warwick Hotel.Booked the day before and was told all I could get was a smoking King size on the city side.I told them that my preference would be a king size non-smoking on the Space Needle side away from the elevators as I had read here.When we arrived we discovered that our room was as requested.We were greeted by the concierge who was very helpful.The room was average size and the bed was comfortable.The wife loved the tub and the marble tiles in the bathroom.The room was very clean.We had a package that they advertised on their website which was $150 per night tax included , parking, and breakfast in the restaurant (which was very good).All hotels in Seattle charge anywhere from 15-25 dollars a night for parking.The location is great we walked to the Pike Place Market ,the Harbour front,the convention centre area at night for dinner.There were lots of people walking about and we had no safety concerns.Ralph's grocery market /Deli is next door and open till 2AM for food or snacks.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, Nice View The room was nice, Location was good, View was wonderful....Top floor (19th) Corner suite Room 1901 the balcony they advertise you can barely stand sideways on. The staff were great. The only complaint was the bathroom.... dirty Q-tip on counter when we arrived and dirty towel on floor by garbage can! How can a Housekeeper miss this? Hair in the tub. Room could use some upgrading looking a little worn.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service in the Warwick We just recently spent 4 days during our Christmas holidays at the Warwick. The sincere helpfulness, care and courtesy which we experienced from everyone at the front desk, restaurant, room service and housekeeping staff was truly above average and greatly appreciated. The restaurant turned out fabulous meals even during a time when I'm certain that they were operating with a skeleton staff. The only thing that prevents me from giving this place an excellent rating is the following: The hotel is tired. Old dirty carpets and bedding that you'd expect to find in a hostel. Given the price range of rooms - a serious face lift is necessary.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay We recently had a wonderful overnight at the Warwick. It was an easy walk to Seattle Art Museum and even closer to downtown shopping. The front desk was extremely gracious at check in, offering shopping discount coupons and restaurant reservations. We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel and the morning free coffee in the lobby. The waitstaff in both the bar and hotel were attentive. Our room on the 15th floor had a city/water view. While there are hotels closer in downtown, we would have no problem choosing the Warwick again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay My wife and I stayed here on the final leg of our honeymoon in September after a 1700 mile drive from Vegas. We found the hotel no problem, the location is great and although the hotel looks somewhat shabby from the outside it's really quite elegant inside.What made our stay here particularly nice was the fact that we were given a room with a view of the space needle. The floor-to-ceiling window opened fully and we were able to enjoy the view with the sea air too! At night the view was spectacular.Staff were friendly and helpful, the cocktail bar is great and we enjoyed our stay here. Two quibbles: 1. The price - this is not a cheap hotel and with state tax and room occupancy tax it was one of the more pricey hotels we stayed at. If you're not on a budget it's worth it. 2. The lobby area is small and at the weekend was extremely busy with lots of people standing around seemingly at a loss.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>could have been better..... Well for those who read trip advisor reviews, I hope you will pay close attention to this one. We stayed recently at the Warwick Seattle, for a few nights before continuing our Pacific Northwest journey to British Columbia. We booked through Clipper Vacations, the price was right, and we were told we would really like this hotel. From the moment we walked in there was a definite charm to it; cozy older lobby with a fireplace, 4 clocks from different major cities (I like this feature) and a concierge desk. At the front desk we were greated by a very cold and young front desk agent . No formal greeting no nothing, but a straight and matronly face (we were surprised as she must have been under 20). We asked her not to put us near the elevator in a room number ending in a 6. (We read this on trip advisor). She put us in roon number ending in 8. We went up to the room and this room was right next to the elevator. I immediately marched back down, and asked her to switch the room. (she did without any apology) She moved us 4 doors down. We were in the room for an hour or 2. We noticed it was very cold in the room, and we tried to adjust the heat, it did not work. We called and immediately they came up to try to fix. It was redeemed broken. So we then moved to another 4 flights up. We were in this room 10 minutes, and they called to say they wanted to move us again as there was going to be alot of kids coming in for a wedding and they would be on this floor, so then we moved to another floor ( 4 different rooms). We asked if they could upgrade us to a larger room , they said no because we were on a package rate. I thought this was wrong as were inconvenienced. I was too tired to argue at this point. THE ROOM: the really need to redo standard rooms. The carpet is a checked brown and white, reminded me of an old holiday inn. The lights are very very dim, I guess to save money. The hotel is not in the greatest area and beware of seedy people around there. Brasserie Margaux was terrific and the grocery street across the street (ralph's) is great. I do not think I would stay at the Warwick again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent stay !!! We stayed here 27th Sep-30th Sep and had a fantastic stay. The hotel is within walking distance to the Space Needle or the waterfront and is ideally located. We had a room on the 12th floor with a fantastic view of the Space Needle. It was very comfortable and well maintained. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and couldnt do enough for you. A wonderful start to our holiday in the States !!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location   showReview(2698125, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HONEYMOON WITHOUT THE HONEY   showReview(2492881, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!   showReview(2451096, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>steffknee
<Content>Very Classy   showReview(1852385, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scgirl3172
<Content>Loved the Warwick!   showReview(1785522, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed   showReview(1764761, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soozmw
<Content>Great Hotel.....   showReview(1547805, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patlv1
<Content>Great place to stay in downtown Seattle   showReview(1484834, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nonameforme
<Content>Warwick is pretty wonderful!   showReview(1276526, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location!   showReview(1135304, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral gelegen   showReview(19642277, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral   showReview(18535941, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(17429416, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺兓瑕冲厜銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19166303, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偄銉堛儷鍒濄倎銇︺仹銈傚畨蹇冦仐銇﹀娉娿仹銇嶃伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19165854, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儭銉偒瀹熸劅   showReview(19164702, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂鑹亜銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19160956, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11329868, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis- / Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11329867, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel au centre ville   showReview(11329355, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(19155712, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偄銉堛儷銇у畨蹇冦仐銇︽硦銇俱倢銇熴儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19155247, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銇儛銈广亴鍋溿伨...   showReview(19929135, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掞紣锛愶紦骞达紨鏈堛伀锛曟硦...   showReview(19920682, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

