<Author>BrisCaz
<Content>A little out of the way for me This hotel was booked on the recommendation of my Travel Agent. I must say I was a little disappointed - especially with the room they first gave me which was just looking over the main entrance and street. I got them to change me to a better room on the other side with a nice view of LA. Still I had paid quite a lot for this place and I think I was expecting a bit more. The rooms are average and the bathroom is old fashioned and quite small but the beds are very nice and the toiletries in the bathroom are good. The welcome sleep pack is a nice touch though mine was missing the CD - not that that mattered. I didnt like the location though. It was just that little too far removed from anything. I probably would never stay here again but I cant knock the place - if you have a car then this place is ok. The staff on reception are very nice too and very helpful however one thing I would watch out for is the hotel car - they charge exhorbitant rates to unwary travellers as I found to my dismay. I ended up using cabs s they turned out much cheaper in the end even with traffic.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>marjSanDiego
<Content>Wonderful, welcoming and delightful My daughter and I had the pleasure of spending 5 nights at the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills several weeks ago and I have to state that everyone, starting at the Reservation Desk on up to Robin Allison, the Corporate Sales Manager, were delightful! The beds were soooo comfortable, the rooms very clean, and the view from the 11th floor window was lovely. And we really enjoyed our meals at Marty's Bistro. I particularly enjoyed the Priority Club welcome party and had fun talking with Robin and Tony, the co-hosts.All in all, it was a very restful and enjoyable stay...and kudos to the very hard working maids who contribute greatly to the enjoyment of the rooms! Love the shampoo and conditoner, by the way...where can I find the brand? : )  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>katcourt
<Content>Great Affordable Location We chose to stay here on the advise of a friend that said the location was central to sites and studios in the area and the hotel was a good value. They were right on all counts and the staff could not have been nicer and more helpful in getting us directions and dinner reservations. The rooms were in very good shape and the property appears to have been recently remodeled. The pool area was nice and sunny in the afternoon which was nice after a day out walking Rodeo drive which is about a mile away. For the location, price and service we will definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KCS
<Content>Standard soul-less business hotel I have stayed here several times and it is okay. I like the location as it is good to get out  about on foot / taxi / bus.The rooms are spacious but soon wilkl be in need of renovating. It is pretty much what you would expect.On the downside I would say that the TV does not have HBO, the internet is slow and keeps throwing you off.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>doratheexplora
<Content>The Jewel In The Crowne We won this holiday on the radio, when we arrived at LAX we were met by a shuttle service approx transfer time was 1 hour due to traffic and other drop off's. Check in was very straight forward they asked us if we would like to leave a credit card imprint or not, there was no pressure to do so. The room was a decent size with 2 queen sized beds and a large bright bathroom with shower and bath. The room also had a CD player and a large television and coffee maker. The ice machine was just down the hallway. The location of the hotel was a little out of the way and without a car it would have been a struggle getting about. I can highly recommend the car hire company under the hotels parking lot. Breakfast was excellent and plentiful. Overall for location and facilities this hotel was a little overpriced but what the heck it cost us nothing ! I would stay here again as it made an ideal base for a fantastic holiday and will be in our memories forever.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babs111782
<Content>Good Surprise We recently stayed at this hotel, because we needed to be in Beverly Hills for 2 nights, and the Four Seasons was sold out. Well, that turned out to be a good thing for us. I will no longer jump to spend over $500/night to stay at this Four Seasons. There's nothing wrong with the Crowne Plaza, at one third the price. You get a comfortable bed, Spectravision, good housekeeping, a very decent room and a great location. And it doesn't cost a fortune. NOTE: If you need quiet, which we do, make sure to book the top floor. It's the designated quiet floor. We were fine up there.No, it doesn't compare to a 5 star hotel But, neither does it's price. For what it is, it's above average. Don't be afraid to use it.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>mayogalIreland
<Content>A lovely hotel Despite a slight hitch when checking in, I had a very pleasant experience in this hotel. The reception area has a nice upmarket feel to it and the reception staff were very helpful. Complimentary citrus water was provided as was free internet access. The room itself was clean, very comfortable and quite good value for money.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sonyaviation
<Content>Stay away at all cost We stayed there 3 days out of a weeks stay in the area, Nice hotel, small rooms but the noise from people working in the hall ways was horrible, not 8 to 5 during the day but 2-3 in the AM. They have all Mexican workers doing the work who not only work all hours of the day and night but they also sleep in the hall ways and the linen closets. I called several times to speak to the hotel manager and was told but the front desK that he was looking into it but never seen anyone take any action. People where so pissed over the noise they where checking out 4 am. As I did at 5 am on the third day of our stay because of the fighting in the hallways in the middle of the night.The mother company of Crown Plaza gave us $500 for our trouble and picked up our other hotels tab. The hotel itself is run %100 by Mexicans and they harbor people not only in the stairways but the parking garage for cheap labor on the hotels refurbishing. STAY AWAY AT ALL COST !!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>SueP52
<Content>brill hotel My daughter.grandaughter and myself stayed at this hotel for 11 nights and found the hotel and staff very friendly and helpful. As a prority club member we stayed on the 10th floor and the view was amazing day and night. We ate in the resturant and had room service and the food was very good and promt. The self car parking was very easy and as 3 girls traveling on our own we felt very safe at all times. There is a bank with a cash point next to the hotel which gave your balance in sterling which was useful. The hotel room was very large with 2 double beds that were very comfortable . There was plenty of pillows and plenty of clean towels.The hotel was in a very nice area and easy to get to places of interest. The grove shopping is to die for the shops are perfect and the cheesecake factory is a wonderful place to eat (ask to eat on the veranda) the views are wonderful. Overall la is a great place to have a holiday and the crowne plaza beverley hills made the holiday so much more relaxed. We we will be staying there again next year. Cannot wait.!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>salswife
<Content>Got an upgrade We arrived at this hotel in the small hours of the morning and were given a room on the 4th floor. When we tried to get into the room the lock was on the door so my husband went down to reception to find out what was going on. We were told that sometimes the locks do catch, but that we would be given an upgrade to an executive room on the 12th floor. Room was large and had a king size bed. Bathroom not very big but adequate with plenty of towels, hairdrier and cosmetics. On the bed was a gauze bag with earplugs, sleep mask and lavender linen spray. We had breakfast in the dining room and both the buffet and the ala carte menu were good, large servings and well cooked and presented. The staff were very attentive and friendly. Also ate dinner there one night and thoroughly enjoyed it. Reception staff were very helpful when I needed to find a book shop, even providing me with a map so I knew exactly where I was and how far the book shop would be. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>alohaguyHonolulu
<Content>Enjoyed My Stay My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for five nights. The check-in went smooth, the room was spacious and clean, and the restaurant and bar offered tasty and reasonably priced food and beverages. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and answered all of our questions with skill.The hotel location was great and convenient to numerous Beverly Hills restaurants. Within a ten to fifteen minute walk up Beverly Drive were food establishments in all price ranges, boutique shopping, and upscale Rodeo Drive. I would recommend the hotel to anyone without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Modern_Art_Lover
<Content>So-so property in a location I didn't care for This hotel was okay. The room was fine. Food was below-average quality and choices on the menu were narrow and humdrum. This matters. The neighborhood offers few alternatives for eating, and all require driving, knowing what you're looking for, and parking when you get there.I stayed for 4 nights, 3 on business and one extra night. Beverly Hills is a place I was doing business, so that's why I stayed there. I found out that 90210 is not my style. (By the way, this hotel is technically in Century City, just over the line from Beverly Hills.) L.A. has a lot to recommend it in culture and scenery, and I found little of that in this part of town, although my upper-floor room did offer a city view that was nice.The exercise room was cramped and creekity -- substandard, especially for a hotel in this price class.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>seat_1A_traveller
<Content>Awful This Hotel is one the worst I've ever had the misfortune to stay in! However, it holds the Hotel of the year award for 2001 for the chain. But hey do not appear to have any clean bed sheets.I found black hair and big yellow puddle stains on the sheets, mattresses and comforters. I requested to move rooms and the new room had the same problems. Housekeeping came and tried to clean the bed but had to open new sheets because the replacement sheets also had stains.This Hotel is one the worst I've ever had the misfortune to stay in based upon the quality of the bedroom.What a disgusting Hotel!I checked out the same day.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>charlier0204
<Content>Nice hotel but a bit out of the way We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on a 4 day trip to Los Angeles. We arrived after an 11 hour flight from London to find that the room was far to small for 3 people and we were told by the staff that they only sell a double room for 3 people? Cant work that out still, but anyway we payed the extra money to upgrade to a suite which was ok. It had a lot of space and free wirless internet which was handy. The hotel had a nice pool and spa pool which was nice in the evenings. I would not say this hotel is good if going to LA for a holiday as its just to far out of the way, stay in the hollywood area.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>MightyClong
<Content>Great hotel, but room was a bit small. My wife and I had overlapping business trips to LA, so I joined her a few days early. She was booked @ the Crowne Plaza in Beverly Hills  I stayed 2 nights with her. The first thing we noticed was that the staff was extremely nice  helpful. According to my wife there was problem w/the original room (I never saw it as I was unloading the car), but we were immediately switched to another room (on the 11th floor...unbelievable view). The room was a little small (especially the bathroom...just big enough to shut the door  turn around in), but adequate. The room had all the expected amenities  a microfridge. The bed  pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable. The bar/lounge seemed nice, but the restaurant was average at best. Overall, a very nice place!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ale_esteves
<Content>Not rodeo drive, but excellent stay This is a good hotel located a few blocks from rodeo drive (20 min walking) with lots of facilities. The room was very confortable, bed was great, lots of pillows to choose, spacious. Bathroom was good, though a little bit old.For LA you have to have a car, so the hotel is quite nice located.The beverly drive has some shops and a lot of restaurants, which are worth looking at.you can walk to rodeo drive, and take a cab back, better than trying to find a parking place.hotel has a garage, about 16 dollar/day, free internet.restaurant was ok, but very dark and old. we did not have breakfast there, but they brew starbucks coffee there.there is a supermermarket around the corner, where coffee and fresh pastries, bagels, etc are available, so best option for breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>SSLM
<Content>Liked the hotel but reception staff were a bit dizzy Recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights with husband and 8 month old baby. We were part of a large group and had 7 rooms booked at the hotel. We arrived and booked in but this took a while as the receptionist didn't really know what she was doing. Eventually we got checked in and went to our rooms. Reception also misadvised 2 of our party and said they were only booked in for 3 days instead of 4 which was incorrect but did cause us to worry.The room was clean and tidy and had a large VERY COMFORTABLE bed, the rooms were quiet and dark and we had a good view (we were on the 9th floor) the room also had tea/coffee facilities which was great for us to warm bottles/baby food. Breakfast was buffet style or you could order off the menu, the food was tasty and they had a good selection also they were accomodating for babies and had high chairs available. Hotel is well placed in Beverly Hills and was just a short walk to supermarket, bars and restaurants and is close to Rodeo drive. Felt safe walking round in the evening.Spoke to the concierge to book a trip to see stars homes etc.. and we got a really good deal as there were 13 adults and 2 infants, we were able to hire our own mini bus to take us to all the major sights and we could stop when we wanted to take photos. We also booked the minibus to take us to and from Universal Studios and to the aurport which worked out much cheaper than using standard taxis.Would stay at this hotel again as it is very clean and comfortable and in a great location, they just need to train their reception staff a bit better.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>broddles2
<Content>Thanks Bobby My Grandaughter and I stayed here in November 2007. We loved the Hotel ,although it was a bit far away from places where we wanted to see. We used the valet service most times and found this excellent, the drivers were great and very helpful. We can't speak highly enough of the doorman, come porter Bobby who went out of his way to help us with our tour problems. We had to leave a day early but this was no problem with the desk staff, once again thanks to you all  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Janneen
<Content>Loved it!! We wanted to stay in L.A. for a night before the start of our Mexican Cruise. Having never been to California before I was very excited  this hotel was recommended by our travel agent. However, after reading some the reviews from others on this site I wasn't expecting much. I must say that I was 100% satisified with everything at the hotel.My husband and I arrived at noon, even though check in isn't until 3:00. We were happy to find out that our room was ready and we had a fast check in. The clerk behind the desk was very friendly and gave us a map and circled some things we may want to see.  Before going to our room, we were given our choice of citris or cucumber that they have in the lobby. The citris was very yummy and perfect after our long flight. Our room was very clean with king size bed. There was a small mesh bag on the bed containing a sleeping mask, lavender linen spary  a relaxing CD. The bathroom has very generous size towels and granite countertops as well as a basket containing many toiletries. After changing, we took the 10 minute walk to Rodeo Drive and enjoyed the beautiful weather and had a delicious lunch at a local cafe. When we got back we had some time to kill before going back out with some friends. We layed down and soon were fast asleep in the bed. The bed at this hotel has to be one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in! The next morning we went to the restaurant in the hotel for breakfast. It wasn't good at all. It was pricey and you are better off taking a quick walk to some of the local cafes close by. Besides the food, everything else was wonderful. We are planning on going to L.A. again (we absolutly LOVED it) and we will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NettaJane
<Content>Not what you expect! Stayed at the Crowne for 6 nights. Just because it is in Beverly Hills does not mean it is top of the line. The rooms were very small. The bathroom was rediculously small (take one step in, turn around and sit on toilet, step in shower, or wash hands. Prison cells are bigger than this). Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Bartender not very friendly. Plenty of sitting space in lounge and check in area. We stayed on the 8th floor which included a small refrigerator (nice admenity).  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FFTPQ
<Content>Comfortable Hotel We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights as part of a 4 week US honeymoon. The travel agent recommended this hotel for a short stay.The room was of a good size, though the bathroom was absolutely tiny (I have found this across most of the US), only one person could be in there at a time.The staff were friendly and helpful, the lady at the little tour desk downstairs could not do enough to help us with booking our tour.There was a lot of Australians staying here which we really liked.As we were really only in LA for about 36 hours it was hard to tell if it was an ideal location or not, but we enjoyed it while there. We walked a couple of blocks to find quite a few restaurants down Sth Beverly Boulevard and chose one of these to eat at the first night. The second night we took a cab and managed to get into Mortons for dinner and it was divine.Overall, a good place for a short stay.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>tecouag
<Content>Very pleasant hotel The hotel is conveniently located. The rooms are big, with all what you need for a confortable stay, including this dream box for relax that Crowne Plaza has on all their rooms.Conveniently located, minutes ago from Teathers, Shopping Malls and all the action you might look for in Beverly Hills.Staff is friendly and they have a nice self parking lot.I really have very good memories of this hotel, that will be a good option for my next trip to Beverly Hills  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>Great location. Perfect for the business traveler. I was only in town for a short period, but the Crowne Plaza really made my stay enjoyable. The Sleep Kit complete with lavender spray, ear plugs and eye mask were just the icing on the cake to a down comforter and pillows. The only negative I have is the parking garage which is in need of some major sprucing up, but my room, view and total experience was wonderful!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Take my word for it...
<Content>FAIR AT BEST. I just came back from a two night stay. My room on the 5th floor was ok, nothing special. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom small, and there was a slight odour to the room (mildew, smoke). Wake up call and breakfast room service never arrived even though both were ordered the night before. Complimentary buffet breakfast was offered the next day which was satisfactory. The location is not bad, just a $15.00 taxi ride to Wilshire Boulevard and other sites. Front desk staff and bellmen were very polite and helpful. Complimentary lemon water and apple cider in the lobby were a nice touch. Not a bad spot for a quick three day business trip, but not some place I would return to on a vacation. I need more pampering and high end amenities and decor.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>mas709
<Content>Don't be fooled by the location or title I stayed here for 3 nights on business and it was easily the worst experience at a hotel I have ever had. You would think with the Crowne Plaza name and Beverly Hills location, it would be great, but don't let the name fool you. The first night I stayed on the 4th floor and it was a disaster - close to the elevators (mistake #1), the A/C unit worked, but the smell coming out of the vents was absolutely hideous and I had to sleep in a 75 degree room with the A/C off. While doing some work, I noticed a random, previously unknown to me insect crawling up the wall. It was pretty large and left a nice mark on the wall, after crushing it...good times. The room itself is slightly larger than a broom closet, with the bathroom apparently being an afterthought...a very large person could literally not walk through this doorway, without turning sideways - not an issue for me, but keep it in mind if it applies to you. To top it all off, the free Internet access was painfully slow. They provide you with the cheapest cat5 / ethernet cable I have ever seen, so my biggest tip to the business traveler is: bring your own network cable! They do offer wireless, but I got a whopping 1 bar (i.e. very low) signal strength on my laptop, so it was useless. I changed rooms after the first night and moved up to floor 5, which was much better, but the overall experience could not be undone...not to mention the fact that the room rate was $249 / night, which is absurd for the subpar quality of this hotel.My last visit to the Century City area had me staying at the InterContinental on Ave of the Stars. This is a phenomenal hotel, that I could not more highly recommend. Look for my review of this on TripAdvisor as well and do yourself a huge favor by staying here instead!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	-1	1	

<Author>travelbearLondon
<Content>Exactly what it says on the tin We struggled to find a hotel in Los Angeles central to all the things we wanted to see, Disney, Santa Monica, Hollywood, the studios etc so plumped for a nice area and a well known brand and that鈥檚 exactly what we got, huge rooms, decent business class service and a hotel that was equal distance from all we wanted to see. You have to have a car to stay here as it is quite a way from any action and having stayed in a number of areas of Los Angeles in the past I would probably still opt to stay out at Santa Monica and travel into the Beverly Hills attractions. Having said all that there is nothing to be said to fault the hotel I鈥檓 just not keen on Los Angeles as a city.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Hatetofly006
<Content>The Good, the Bad, The Ugly Good:The rooms were quiet, clean, and spacious. The staff was friendly and helpful. The beds were very comfy. This hotel is located on a residential street, half a block up from an arterial (Pico) so it seemed neighborhoody but was conveniently located to several good places to eat. The neighborhood is obviously Jewish, with quite a mix of Israeli restaurants and more Brooklyn feeling delis. Bad:The bathrooms are small and our shower drained slowly. There was only one put this sign on your bed if you don't want clean sheets sign in our room; we put it on one bed and hand wrote a note to housekeeping to please change the other bed, but neither bed was changed. A minor thing. Also, I booked with a conference rate and it was a bit of a hassle to make the booking. Ugly:Each evening and morning there was a least one staff member taking a smoking break right in front of the lobby doors! You couldn't come and go without being poisoned.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Zabriskie
<Content>Abysmal treatment at the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills We had two rooms booked at the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills which were booked by our tour operator approximately six months ago. On arrival in LA we mistakenly went to the Crowne Plaza beside LA airport (our tour operator gave us the wrong address). When we attempted to check in there they directed us to the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills, but only after phoning themfirst to confirm that we were definitely booked in there. When we arrived at the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills at approximately 7.45pm, having driven almost 400 miles that day to get there, we were told that we were on the guest list, but that our rooms were not available, as some other guests had wanted to extend their stay! They offered to book us into the Intercontinental Hotel for the night, but then had the audacity to say that we that we should come back down to the Crowne Plaza in the morning for breakfast! (They told us this was only about two blocks away, but in fact it was about six). When we asked if our rooms would definitely be available the following night the receptionist did not seem too sure. He at least seemed a bit embarrassed by the situation, but the other receptionist on duty implied that we should be grateful that we were going to a five star hotel instead. What was even more annoying was that shortly afterwards a large party of Russian tourists arrived and checked in, so they obviously did have rooms available.The upshot of this was that when we arrived at the Intercontinental (in a taxi paid for by the Crowne Plaza, after a struggle) we realised that it was indeed a far superior hotel, and our tour operator was very helpful in arranging for us to stay there for our second night in LA too.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>LesMary
<Content>Reasonable hotel, but some problems We arrived at hotel in the afternoon..very tired after flight from Sydney.Checkin:Good reception, polite staff.Room:Basic, bit worn, bed very comfortable, overlooking busy street, lots of traffic noise and noise from adjoining rooms.Hotel amenities:Pool terrible, pool dirty, terrace dirty, many sun loungers broken, torn and dirty.Restaurant: and Bar:Very nice bar.but bartender a little unfriendly, maybe he wanted a tip, on $7 beers?, no way ..Restaurant breakfast ordinary, diinner OK. good selection at reasonable prices.Location: Bit remote, fair walk to shops. But tour buses picked up there which was good.Overall:A basic hotel, OK but not standard I would expect of a Crowne Plaza Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>AndreaSP
<Content>It could offer more I stayed at the Crown Plaza Beverly Hills for 4 nights and the only thing I can say is that it was just ok. When booking the room, I asked for an early check-in, if possible (at 12:30 PM, instead of the regular 3:00 PM). Arriving there, my room wasn鈥檛 ready and they didn鈥檛 make too much effort to find me another one, so ok, I went out to have lunch and, returning after 3:00 PM the room was available and fine. Next day, I went down to have breakfast and they told me that I had booked a room with continental breakfast. So, if I wanted to have the hot dishes (full breakfast) I would have to pay extra USD 5. Ok again, USD 5 is not much, but I think it was ridiculous that they booked a room with continental breakfast, if they had full breakfast available. Ok, I could have paid the extra 5 bucks, but why didn鈥檛 they include it in the room rate? I found it very constraining that waiter had to check what I had for breakfast in order to issue the bill. For this kind of details, I guess it was just ok.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>haloslightlyaskew
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Crown Plaza Beverly Hills I have recently returned from a holiday in the United States and chose to stay at the Crown Plaza Hotel in Beverly Hills for an initial period of five nights from the 23rd to 28th September 2007.Due to some accommodation problems in New York I had to leave a few days earlier than I anticipated. I contacted the Crown Plaza Hotel and arranged two nights accommodation for the 16th  17th September so that I had somewhere to stay once I arrived in Los Angeles. It also gave me time to try and organize for the five nights that I booked to be moved forward, subject to availability.From the moment I arrived at the hotel I was impressed with the level of service. I arrived at approximately 11pm on the 16th September, 2007 after flying from New York to Los Angeles. I had not been able to access the internet at all while I was in New York (as I use broadband not wireless internet services) and realized when I got to my room that it looked as though only wireless internet was offered. I made a general enquiry with one of the staff, who organized to send someone up to my room within 5 minutes. I was advised that the hotel could still accommodate broadband Internet access and would just need to hook up a cable. Given how late it was I advised the gentleman that I was happy enough to wait until the next morning to get things sorted out. To my surprise he offered again to connect up the cabling, which only took another few minutes, stating that after arriving late that I might like to sleep in the next morning and the internet would be ready to access whenever I needed it the next day. I was so grateful for this level of service, particularly late at night.I then noticed the Sleep Advantage pack on the bed 鈥?after unpacking a few things I had a shower 鈥?put the cd on 鈥?a few drops of lavender on my pillow and got into what can only be described as the most comfortable bed that I have slept in while staying in a hotel. I quite honestly thought I was in heaven. What a fantastic idea, especially for people either arriving at the hotel late and/or after a long flight. Despite a lot of problems being caused through the company that I originally booked my accomodation through, I did manage to stay the 5 additonal nights, mostly due to efforts of two of the Managers at the Hotel, Mr Cruz and Mr Page. I cannot express my gratitude enough to them for their professionalism and genuine desire to ensure that I was able to stay the five nights that I had paid for and be able to continue my stay at the hotel.The level of service offered by the staff at the Crown Plaza Hotel continued to impress me the entire seven nights of my stay. All the staff were friendly, professional and couldn鈥檛 do enough to ensure that my stay at the hotel was the best that could possibly be offered.I would not hesitate to stay at the Crown Plaza Hotel again ... I really had a fantastic stay here!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>corkmike
<Content>Ok Hotel We enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza. We moved here from the Hilton Anaheim and the Crowne Plaza seemed really small in comparison. The room was a bit tight for four people. Beds were comfortable and there was a good view from the room. The staff were friendly and were helpful when booking town cars etc. With regards to location it is about 30 mins from LAX and 40 mins to Universal Studios. It takes about 15 minutes to walk to Rodeo drive and there are plenty of nice restaurants along the street for a bite to eat. Overall the hotel was nice and not too large but I would probably try somewhere else the next time.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>microcapper
<Content>not so great! we stayed @ the Crowne plaza for five nights ... We came on a Friday aft to find out our suite was not available due to a customer not wanting to check out??? they gave us 2 rooms instead but wanted the amenities of the suite... we went down to the pool and all i can say is DISGRACE!!!!!!!!!! almost EVERY lounge chair was ripped ,broken or unusable ...there were ashtrays everywhere that had not been cleaned in days!!! food left all over!!!! HORRIBLE!!!! the breakfast at the priority club was OK... do the valet for an extra 3 dollars per night.... all in all... next time i am in Beverly Hills it will NOT be at the crown plaza (Marriot Residence Inn is across the street)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jbaker2858
<Content>Outstanding A very pleasant surprise. We stayed here for two nights and were upgraded to a one bedroom suite. The customer service was second to none. Our room was very large, plenty of room for 2 adults and two teenagers. Had a small kitchen area, nice granite countertop breakfast bar, large walk in closet. Felt like home. Great view from the 12th floor and we enjoyed the priority club lounge that featured a free continental breakfast and evening appetizers. Good location, Rodeo Drive shopping and dining is just four blocks away. I enjoyed an early morning run through the Beverly Hills neighborhoods. Also only 20 minute away from Universal Studios and other Hollywood entertainment sites. Clean and very comfortable accommodations. Nice pool and spa. I would definitely stay here again鈥?  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelerS7
<Content>A comfortable stay I was here for two nights in June: my second stay at the Crowne Plaza. I found it to be very comfortable both stays, and since I often have business nearby will undoubtably stay again.Check in went well, and the desk staff was very helpful. My rooms both times were as requested, and were large, with nice views, lots of light, very comfortable beds, a lounger and an ottoman, and well-apppointed bathrooms, wireless that worked well, quiet.....no complaints, though I agree with those that say that the breakfast is so-so here. However, it is walking distance from several other restaurants. The location is quite convienent for west side activities.A good value for what you get and for Beverly Hills; recommended.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>alecstarlite
<Content>good hotel i work as a travel agent in scotland so take my time to choose my hotels (so dont want to be writing a complaint letter to myself) stayed at the crowne plaza BH begin of july we are a family of four. rooms are a little on the small side for four but the beds very comfy. pool ok (only used it for 1/2 hour). kids up to 12 get half price breakfast buffet. reception staff and concierge were all very helpful. we had a car as we were touring and found the hotel to be handy for santa monica/hollywood etc takes about 20 mins to get to long beach IF the roads are quietish and about 35 mins to six flags which is a must for coaster lovers. yes i would stay at this hotel again. by the way used to valet parking as it was about $2 more than self park.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manilow
<Content>Okay - nothing special for Beverley Hills The hotel is in a very quiet area of Beverley Hills, which is probably a good thing, but personally I like more activity. There are a few cafes and restaurants along from the hotel, where we visited for breakfast and dinner, after being stung on our first night at the hotel. As one of the previous reviewers said, they add on the tip to your credit card. We also had a waiter knocking on our door asking for us to pay our bill in cash, as the credit card hadn't gone through - I ended up paying well over the odds. Definitely left a bad taste on our first night there.The room was average, but we did have an amazing view of Los Angeles.Rodeo Drive is within walking distance, nice to visit but not to spend. We didn't hire a car, but managed to use public transport to get around Hollywood, Santa Monica and Venice Beach. Venice Beach is a must. Hollywood leaves a lot to be desired, but a walk up to the Hollywood Bowl is nice.Seemingly, the post office along from the hotel, is frequently visited by Kirk Douglas and Tom Hanks, though unfortunately not when we were there!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Yesman78
<Content>Great hotel,great staff...awesome beds!!! Stayed at the Plaza for 4 nights on our trip round California,and after reading a few reviews wasnt sure what to expect.My experiance of this hotel was wonderful.Right from the minute we walked in the stuff were friendly and helpful.The bar staff,room service..the beds!!I could have slept there forever!The only downside was that it was a bit quiet at night around the hotel,but we had been out allday so that wasnt a problem for us.I would stay there again,but you do need a car to see the area.Me personally I find all that Rodeo Drive stuff a bit of a laugh,head for Santa Monica/Venice for clothing etc..much more to see and do.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissTravelAlot
<Content>We had no problems here We found this hotel to be clean and the staff very helpful.I wouldnt say its overly central to anything in particular.But had no complaints about anything here.We did book one tour through the hotel which ended up being a bit average. The tour guide was a joke. This of course is not the fault of the hotel though.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dazzystar5
<Content>Above average hotel with good location The Crowne Plaza is nice, but there's nothing particularly special about it. The parking was actually cheaper than I expected. Because I'm a member of their frequent traveler program they reduced the price to $10 per day for self-park. I was disappointed that breakfast wasn't included, so that was an extra $30 a day just for 2 people to eat at the buffet. The food was decent but overpriced. The location is good, about a 15 minute walk to Rodeo Drive. The beds are extremely comfortable and the wireless internet worked well enough. There were a few areas where I noticed that some improvements could be made, but nothing major. The pool looked very nice and clean, but we never had time to use it. The lounge chairs looked comfortable, and they hotel staff had placed towels on each one. Overall a nice stay and I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>mfratt
<Content>Lousy Worst hotel stay. Reserved King Non-smoking, was given a double smoking, had to wait an hour to be moved to another double non-smoking. Later that night, other guests entered my room with keys given them by the front desk. Front desk said they didn't write down my room correctly. $17 two-egg breakfast was stone cold, toast was missing. When I called for toast, I was given 2 slices of plain bread straight out of the bag not toasted. Walls and floors paper thin, can hear people walking on the floor above and in the adjacent rooms. Hotel smelled. Horrible customer service. One bellman also concierge and valet. Worst hotel stay ever. Front desk did nothing to make ammends for all their mistakes and sending people into my room at night when I was in bed!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Warwickfamily
<Content>Good location and rooms, inpersonal service We stayed for two nights in LA at the end of our Complete North America tour. The Crowne Plaza is in a good location with good restaurants a few blocks away and convenient for shopping, beaches etc. Like anywhere in US, a car is really needed to get around, which we had. The rooms are pretty good and are clean and comfortable. The swimming pool is pretty poor, very cold and in a permanently shadey location - no sun morning or evening. The service was not great and the people on check-in fairly inpersonal. Breakfast service was not very friendly and when the waitress wrote her own tip amount on my credit card slip I was fairly taken aback. I know American's expect tips simply for turning up to work, but I've not had one give herself a tip at my expense before!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>gmw2
<Content>Nice hotel, not great tourist area We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights at the end of our world tour. The hotel was nice, clean and the staff were very friendly. We were given a large room on the 7th floor. It was surprisingly big, with 2 double beds. Free internet access at 2 computers in the lobby is available, tho there is usally a queue. The 1 major complaint I have with the hotel is the location. There isn't much to do after dark. There are a couple of nice places to eat on Pico. One diner which serves amazing lunch and a pretty pricey restauant both about 5mins walk from the hotel. But other than that, there's nowhere to hang out. Rodeo Drive is a good 15-20min walk and here you'll find some eateries on the way (bring your visa card!). We struggled to find places to shop. After saving alot of money to go mad here, I came home with alot of it! Also, car hire is a must. We had been warned of this before but decided that as we were only here for 2 days, and were arriving on St Patricks Day (we're Irish) so didn't want to be unable to enjoy a drink....anyway, we spent a fortune on taxis and I'm convinced they went halfway round the world for a short cut so be careful! The slight negative thing I would say about the hotel is that we tried to order room service. Albeit at 10.50 when they stop at 11, but they made no effort to find us an alternative or offer something that takes a few minutes to rustle up. Other than that, no complaints.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JRGreen
<Content>No major complaints, but a few minor I stayed here Feb. 6 and 7 while in Los Angeles on business. My room was on the 7th floor and I found it satisfactory. I liked the relaxation c.d. they provide and used it both nights, and it was helpful in allowing me to fall asleep quickly. The room was clean and of decent size. Room service for breakfast the last morning was about 15 minutes late (not a big deal). There is a pleasant lounge with a full bar and comfortable sofas where one can sit, have a drink, order food, or simply read or work. The elevators could use replacing but they work. There isn't much to do in this area after dark; as far as I could tell, everything shuts down after dark. If you don't want to go to the parking garage, get your vehicle and drive somewhere to eat, you're pretty much stuck with the hotel restaurant and/or room service. The food is pretty good but a little over-priced. I was here on company business so my expenses were all handled on my corporate account, but keep this in mind. Everybody (staff) was helpful and friendly. Good place to stay for business if you have no other agenda in the evenings.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macabee
<Content>Could use some improvements This is a nice hotel in a great location and very reasonably priced.I stayed on a low floor and my window looked directly into someone's apartment, whose windows were open, so I had to close mine.The bathtub drained extremely slowly, and the bathroom showed age.The mattress and showerhead were new and comfortable. The staff was great and very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	5	4	4	

<Author>uncbones
<Content>So this is Beverly Hills? I had no issues with the Crowne Plaza at all. The room was clean and comfortable. I guess I was expecting a little more from Beverly Hills itself. Rodeo Drive is a nice hike from the hotel, and smaller than I envisioned. The map of BH the hotel provides is somewhat deceptive as it omits several streets and makes places appear closer than they actually are. The immediate area around the Crown Plaza has a gas station, Ralph's, Longs, and a few restaurants/delis. There really wasn't much of a night life I could find.and it seemed like most places shut down at 5. I probably wouldn't stay in BH again, but if you really wanted to tell others you spent the night in Beverly Hills, the Crowne Plaza would be a reasonable choice.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>kenthewizard
<Content>Good value hotel Reviewer: Stone, UKStayed at the hotel for 2 nights early October. No real issues with the hotel, it's one of those that does what it says on the lable - provides you with clean and comfortable room close to the amenities. Would I stay there again? Yes without a thought if all I was looking for was a central base to take in the sights. No issues with the staff who are both very helpful and knowledgable.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Aldis
<Content>A nicely located hotel with friendly staff and good services We had a good time here. The room was nice, the staff were very friendly and accomodating to our family.Its an easy walk to cafes and restaurants nearby and the neighbourhood felt very safe to walk around at night, even with small children.The pool/ jacuzzi was an instant hit with our 7 year old.Its the sort of hotel that grows on you because the staff make you feel comfortable and at home, which is what you want on vacation.I've stayed in a lot flasher hotels which I've left feeling not as satisfied as I did staying here.They could do with another internet computer though- one doesn't seem to be enough at busy times.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sacramento44104
<Content>loved the plaza yes on aug 28,2006 we arrived into la and drove to another hotel that wanted outrageous fee, they refered us to you and are we glad. the manager a dark man even knew how to pronounce our last name, said he had a serbian friend, and we were so glad we stayed it was clean and fun, thanks carmen and milan djokic  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JayS44
<Content>Most Enjoyable Stay We recently spent 10 nights at this location while on a family vacation. The location was great and the staff was excellent. They were helpful in every manner possible.The rooms were spacious and clean (we had a suite) and free internet was very useful.John the Conceirge was great at recommending attractions and giving directions.Many useful amenities were close by including a Ralph's supermarket, numerous dry cleaners and many resturants.Would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Lilian_Rastignac
<Content>Great Hotel This is the second time that i stay at Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills. The 1st time was 5 years ago. At that time, i really enjoyed the hotel. Now, i've just returned from Los Angeles and i can assure you that Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills remains a really good choice. The room is very clean and confortable. The bathroom is perfect and, in addition to this, i found very sweet the gifts that they offer to guests: a relaxation CD and lavender essence. In addition to this, you can find at lobby free hot coffee/tea in the morning and lemonade in the evening. Great place to stay and relax.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>boberonicus2
<Content>Very workable business hotel. Free Wireless, although all web content is monitored. Free in/out car valet service is $18, parking $15. Fast room check in. Smoke-free room. Walked in and found the A/C on, radio on, newspaper, etc. Working desk with decent chair. Lighting was OK for reading. Nice big pool. Free toothpaste (was planning to buy some). Workout room is cramped, and only one treadmill, but at least its a professional model. No complaints.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TEF2125
<Content>Okay for What You Pay This was a very average hotel. Very small bathroom. The hotel is called the Crown Plaza, Beverly Hills, but it's actually in the city limits of Los Angeles, just across the border from Beverly Hills.If you want a clean, safe, relatively inexpensive place to lay your head, this hotel will do the trick.You must have a car to get around. No public transportion nearby. Close to Hollywood and the sites.You cannot have a roll away in your room if there's already two beds in the room. They will only allow a roll away if you have a room with a king bed. This is important if you have your family and usually get a double with a roll away.For an extra $5, you can upgrade your breakfast from the free Priority Club breakfast to the buffet. It's worth the $5 to upgrade unless you only eat fruit and toast for breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gc54
<Content>Very nice, overall My wife and I visited LA for the first time this past June, and the Crown Plaza turned out to be a good choice. Located on the fringes of Beverly Hills, the neighborhood was clean and safe. Most of our sightseeing was confined to west LA and the beaches, so the location was convenient. The hotel itself is generally well kept, and the staff, without exception, was very friendly and accommodating. The complimentary continental breakfast ( for Priority Club members, a free service ) was a good alternative for those mornings when we wanted to grab something and go. We'd certainly stay here again.The Clarks, Cape Coral, Fl.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JuniorMan
<Content>Great for the price If your heading to Beverly Hills and dont want to spend too much on a Hotel, (After all , your not going there to sit in your room all day) this hotel is great. The Staff are friendly and fantastic. The guys who work at the door are fantastic.Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reliable option in Los Angeles I recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills for 3 days in June 2006 and I have to say I have only one real complaint, although the complaint I have is not to be undervalued. We arrived, a little after 3:00 pm and were told that our room was not ready. This is, of course, a little unnerving after travelling for about 7 hours, but understandable if the problem is taken care of quickly. We waited for over an hour before being let into our room, which was not even made up, to drop off our luggage. We decided, rather than sit in the hotel and wait for our room to be cleaned, we would go exploring. We came back to the hotel, several hours later and our rooms were finally cleaned. This was the only real complaint I had during our stay, but as I said it is a really big complaint. The best thing about this hotel are the beds. I have stayed in many Intercontinental hotels, most recently in Atlanta, and I must say they have the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. It is good to see that Intercontinental has made the commitment to upgrade the Crowne Plaza hotel range bedding as well, even if there was no feather-bed. The hotel decor is very much like a Holiday Inn, but this is considered a value hotel and no one should expect the Ritz when staying here. The continental breakfast, served in the mornings for Priority Club members, is a wonderful value and just the thing to start a busy day of exploring and shopping. Another hotel perk, so to speak, was the use of the 24 hour fitness gym about a 1/4 of a mile down the road from the hotel. The facility has workout machines, free weights, cardio machines as well as organized classes, which can all be accessed by Crowne Plaza guests for free. Now, as for the hotel's location, anyone coming to Los Angeles should understand, that no location in Los Angeles is ever entirely convenient. If you do not have a car it is very hard to move around the city. The Crowne Plaza is only a 15 minute walk to Rodeo Dr. and is right on Beverly, which has a number of restaurants and shops, all within walking distance of the hotel. If you can handle a tedious check-in, as we did, The Crowne Plaza is a reliable value-hotel option in Los Angeles, within reasonable driving distance to many attractions, and offers guests comfortable beds, complimentary fitness center privileges and a good continental breakfast. What more can someone ask for in this price range.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SuperTJ
<Content>Expected more I stayed at this hotel for three nights based on reviews from tripadvisor. After arriving on a 13 hour flight, we just wanted to check in and sleep. We were told our room would be ready in half an hour and they would let us know when it was ready. We waited patiently in the foyer.... two hours later I asked what was happening and was told Oh, sorry, I forget to let you know - your room was ready over an hour ago. Exhausted and frustrated we finally made it to bed. The room was nice - spacious and clean. But, the walls were paper thin and we were kept awake at 1am with television and converstation in the next room. We could hear word for word what they were saying. I am a priority club member and was given the free breakfast which was very good.On the last day the concierge arranged for a town car to take us to the airport. Five minutes after booking, he called our room to confirm that it was indeed booked. When the town car never showed up, we asked the bellman about it, who asked somebody else who said oh yeah.... he cancelled. Five minutes later we were told that it was never booked at all. We were left to find our own way to the aiport. The location is in the middle of nowhere. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkcsydney
<Content>Comfortable and friendly We stayed April 20 - 22 and thought it was a very comfortable room with terrific bed and pillows, however, the bathroom was sufficient but small. The staff were very helpful and friendly (especially when my husband became ill one night) and they were of great assistance and concerned for his well being. Room Service tray very well presented especially with fresh flowers and mints. The Hotel was also in a good neighbourhood. Would stay again.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely We stayed here at the end of April 06, and had no problems. Clean, service was good ; breakfast good (you are entitled to it only if you register online as a priority club member before making reservation - which is free). Staff friendly and helpful. While the hotel is further out, everything else is also spread out so no hotel is central unless you want to pay $300 U.S./night in Hollywood. Would recommend renting a car no matter where you stayed as this would eliminate expensive taxis. Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>andrewt3233
<Content>Excellent Hotel - great location Stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our 15 night stay in the USA. Booked the hotel through the Holiday Inn website (as a Priority Club Member - which is free to join!) Was very surprised at the rate quoted - only $99 + Tax. We booked a 2 x Queen Bed Room - Non Smoking. Upon arrival at the hotel (following the excellent driving instructions from the website) we were checked in prompty and very effeciently and directed to our rooms. As a Priority Club member tey have special floors in certain hotels - we arrived at our rooms and were very very impressed wth what greated us. High floor, view of LA with the Hollywood sign in the distance, 2 Queen beds with Feather Duvet, feather topper and great pillows, air conditioning that worked and welcome letters from the General Manager and Priority Club Manager. Crowne Plaza also have recently introduced a Sleep programe - so on the bed was a CD for helping you to drift off into a deep sleep, some lavender pillow mist, ear plugs and an eye mask all very nice little touches. Used the hotels Valet parking at $18.50 per night - to be honest it is more cost efficeint to use the hotels self parking at only $14.00 per night - as it is under the hotel and you dont have to keep tipping the concierge everytime you need your car keys. As a Priority Club member this also entitles you to a free continental breakfast which includes juices, tea/coffee, yoghurt, cereals, bagels, muffins. You can also upgrade for $5 to the buffet breakfast which we did on one morning and had a cooked breakfast. All in all I would definetly stay at this hotel again - its location is excellent being on the outskirts of Beverly Hills and only 2 or 3 blocks from Rodeo Drive - we felt safe and walked down to a couple of restaurants in the evenings. JOIN THE PRIORITY CLUB TO GET THE COMP B/FAST AND THE PRIORITY FLOOR  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel After staying in a budget hotel in San Francisco and then a busy non special hotel in Las Vegas i thought the Crowne Plaza was probably the nicest hotel i stayed at. Firstly i would recommend becoming a Priorty Member. I was pleased with our room, we walked in and it was v clean, view was nice and the beds were amazing so comfy and i love lots of pillows and cushions. I got my best night's sleep. Bathroom was v clean, bit small but the only thing i disliked and was surprised at was the shower was not powerful enough. If my stay was longer i would have asked maintenance to check it out. Nice extras such as a CD/pack with lavender mist. Breakfast was fine selection and it was free which you cannot complain. Not many tables to sit at, you have to be early and i found alot of business people conducting their meetings a bit off putting could they not find somewhere else to talk shop? Overall its not bad, the front desk were helpful, efficient, polite and the concierge who helped book our tour. As we have no car this was a little frustrating getting around the confusing public transport!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Berggericht
<Content>This hotel is run down We stayed 2 nights on vacation trip. The hotel has been elegant but is terribly run down. Stains on the carpet. Breakfast trays which were not removed for days. Stains on the elevator mirror not removed for days.We asekd for a quiet room and got a free upgrade to the Quite zone in on of the top floors advertized with No slamming doors, no loud TV's, etc.).The room was o.k. but a very small bathroom having the door right to the beds - no privacy.After midnight the guy next to us started a discussion with his wife/partner so we coud head every word. Walls like paper!Fortunately he stopped after 20 minutes.It is a pity this nice hotle is run down that bad. It could be much better having proper management. It doe not compare to othe Crowne Plaza's we kone (Vienna, Rome, Hamburg)  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>spindle
<Content>just great! I just stayed here for three nights, and found it to be a great hotel. Everything in the room worked, fantastic bed, 9th floor room was very quiet. All the staff were more than helpful and always friendly. The food in Martys Bistro was great ( try the steaks!). Easy walking to good food, and to Rodeo Drive. The motto of the hotel is The Place To Meet, and i met some great people, from all over the world, over a couple of beers in the bar. I will definately stay here again and will recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>magdonnelly
<Content>Dull This hotel is standard business hotel. It's in a fairly dull location, the rooms are spacious and clean, but there is nothing to get excited about at all. The hotel staff when we stayed there were extremely helpful and friendly and added to the hotel, but as hotels go it's good value for money, but dull.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>okay if you are on a budget Good things in this hotel: good location, helpful staff and comfy bed. Free wifi. Not-so-good things: the noise from the hallway is loud!! wakes me up whenever anyone speaks outside. Avoid adjoining rooms as there is also a noise problem here. Had one to begin with and asked to change after I could hear ever word of the next door neighbour's conversation, and they weren't even speaking loudly. Food is not so good and overpriced (go elsewhere). Had forgotten my phone charger and when I phoned the concierge for one they didn't have any. Now, this happened to me before and at any other halfway decent hotel I have stayed in (particularly ones that cater to business) they always have extras. To me, this is not great. Overall verdict: if you are on a budget, and are not going to spend much time in your hotel room, this place is okay. It is quite basic. However, if you are looking for something a little more special, I would pass. Am only staying here because someone else is paying - if I had my own choice I would stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service and neat rooms This is the first time that I have seen the benefits of the Priority Club (InterContinental Hotels) membership...with a great room and free Continental breakfast.The staff were helpful (especially in the bar area)and friendly.Parking is pretty reasonably priced (for LA) and the bar food was good.Priority club rooms were excellent and the hotel is pretty close to Rodeo Drive and selection of restaurants (I would recommend Mulberry Street Pizzeria north of the hotel).  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MemphisMojoTraveler
<Content>Five-star staff; two-star facility Can't say enough about the professionalism and courtesy of the staff. From the concierge to the doorman to the housekeeping staff, every employee we encountered was exceptionally polite and helpful. This greatly enhanced my family's first trip to LA, as we were concerned beforehand about the city's reputation for snobby and boorish behavior...But there was nothing at all special about the physical condition and amenities of the hotel. Our room was small and uninspired. The common areas seemed uninviting. The parking garage is cramped and somewhat dark. The location of the hotel was borderline at best. (Don't be fooled by the Beverly Hills in the hotel name.) In short, from a physical perspective, the hotel is essentially a below-average Holiday Inn or Holiday Inn Express masquarading as a Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elissamac
<Content>Great for the price We stayed here for one night, got a great price on Priceline US$85. We had been at Disneyland that day  all we wanted was a comfy bed to crash in. Check-in was simple  on getting to our room we were plesently surprise to find a huge bed with big comfy pillows. They also supplied a sleep pack, relaxing CD, eye mask  lavender spray. A nice touch even though we fell asleep before the first track on the CD. The room was big, shower nice  hot. I joined the Prority Club as suggested on this website, thanks, this gave us a free breakfast in the club lounge. A good selection, only issue was the lounge was very small only 3 or 4 tables.Over all a good experience.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>choosyhampshire
<Content>Good for stop over. Stayed two nights on way to New Zealand. Rooms a good size and comfortable. Housekeeping standards seemed fine. Reception staff were efficient but otherwise annonymous. Cocierge staff chatty and helpful organising a limo at very similar cost to a taxi.Although located on the edge of Beverly Hills we felt quite safe in walking to coffee shops and restaurants and on to Rodeo Drive.Suited us well as a stop over for a couple of days.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ItalianBob
<Content>Adequate, but not inspiring. This is not at all a sophiscated hotel (as claimed) - Its a 3 star Hotel. This is an OK place to stay, adequate for 2/3 nights with clean comfortable rooms -somewhere above the level of a ++motel. The Breakfasts are pricey, not well cooked or presented and certainly not worth the money - Denny's Diners are not worrying about this place. The hotel does have a few professionally well trained staff but the majority are far less experienced - They are, however, always very helpful - but most of them have Spanish as their first language.Is it me or doesn't LA actually have a Centre - the nearest we got to seeing one in the evening was the Farmers Market (there aren't any Farmers and it isn't a Market). It does have a lot of shops that stay open late and unbelievably for America lots of restaurants quite full even after 8.00 pm (decandance or what!)- reassuringly, they still didn't understand why we ordered a 2nd drink. Its well worth an evening visit.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>markell1
<Content>Great location Stayed here for 5 nights. Showed my priority club card upon checkin as advised by other Tripadvisor members. Received free breakfast for 2 during the stay! They first gave me a room next to the coke and ice machines on the 9th flour. Not good if you value your sleep. But upon request on the front desk immediately got a different room on the 8th floor and slept perfectly. Good central location if you want to visit the Santa Monica area or the Hollywood area. Save neighbourhood. Good restaurants nearby. If you do not want to walk to Rodeo or Beverly Hills restaurant/shopping areas, take the bus. Only $3 for a day pass and in this area there are no 'strange' people on the bus yet. Bus stop is in front of the hotel (bus 14). Some minor cleaning issues in the room (there is indeed a pile of dust on the ventilation in the badroom and I found some hairs of previous guests on the badroom wall) but overall cleaning is good and the hotel has new carpets, beds and room furniture (or at least it looks new) and friendly staff.Would recommend it and stay again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happyme
<Content>Not glamorous, but good bed and service Okay, so maybe it wasn't really Beverly Hills, more like the outskirts... it wasn't trendy either... but it was very comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful and the bed and pillows were great. It was a good hotel for a reasonable price. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Budget Hotel - Deceived by TripAdvisor Ratings This hotel was run down. The service was mediocre. The beds were advertised as new comfortable beds. They were not...we could not sleep on our squeeky, sloping beds. Most of the dishes at the continental breakfast were dirty. Elevator area was very dirty, the walls were soiled. Concierge is available during day, bellmen take over in the evening. Bellman could not provide any information, even approximate time/distance info. to Ronald Reagan Library 40 minutes away. Eye level wall vent in bathroom had an inch of accumulated dust/dirt/debris in it.I would not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gabby
<Content>great ! have just spent 3 nights here on a stop over to australia . this hotel is great ! large rooms with very comfotable beds , the hotel has put a great effort into it's sleep programe , including sleep packs in the rooms and even cd's to help aid sleep and relaxation , which they are more than happy for you to take with you . make sure you join the priority programe before you visit as it includes a free breakfast which was a great money saver , it's also served in the members lounge which is a bit quieter on a morning .room service was great , and not too bad value for money ( gorgeous pizzas !) i agree with the previous poster , we also walked to rodeo drive and felt perfectly safe , i can recomend eating there as well , we found a pavement cafe and got lunch for a very resonable price , it was worth the money alone just to people watch . the hotel can arrange your transfer to the airport , which is the same price as a taxi , but you get to go in a limo which is much more comfortable . the staff were great , but they did sometimes struggle to understand a yorshire accent ! i would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaSoul
<Content>A but Shabby and Not Chic We stayed here for one night in December and I would have to say I would not stay here again. We did get a good rate from Lastminute, so for the price I can't complain too much. The Lobby is nice enough but the wallpaper in the hallways is peeling. There were dishes and plates all along the floor in the hallway. The rooms were okay, nothing special. The hotel is located in an area that's off the beaten path. There are restaurants in the hotel and down the road but I just didn't feel comfortable walking there at night with just my young son. The staff was all nice enough, no problem there. We stayed at Loews Beverly Hills(around the corner) a few weeks before and it was more expensive but much nicer.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ladyfelsham
<Content>Very comfortable stay After a long flight the Crowne Plaza was a welcome relief, beautiful lobby, helpful staff, a huge room with nice city views and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. We got a Priority Club upgrade, which included a nice breakfast and a sleep pack.Please ignore people who say you can't walk anywhere. We walked for about 25 minutes without problems to Rodeo Drive, even though it was after 6pm and dark, had a fab browse around Saks, Barneys and some of the boutique shops that were still open and then stuffed ourselves silly at a Mexican restaurant about five minutes' walk from the hotel.The next morning we hopped in a limousine arranged by the hotel for a three hour tour of Hollywood Hills, the Chinese Theatre, a few famous peoples' houses and so on. The same limo then took us to the airport for our flight back to London. Doing this saved us quite a lot of money and was much more convenient.Is it the lap of luxury? No. Was it a comfortable stay, most definitely.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Somewhere Between Very Good  This is the second time I've been here on business. I like the fact that they have FREE wifi internet. And what everyone has said about the staff? I double that. Extremely courteous. I only had occasion to eat one meal (room service) and it was excellent. I was on the club level. The room was fine in terms of size. The connecting door is a disadvantage, ie: the tour of Italians returned at two in the morning, hammered, and sat next door and laughed for an hour. Very loud. For me, the location was great. My client is right up Pico about five minutes. I'd recommend this for people who have never been to So Cal and are here on tourism. Of which there seem to be quite a few here.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Thebestofeverything
<Content>Very Nice Staff My daughter was having surgery the day I checked into the hotel and we had decided to stay overnight here to make things easier for her and me....the staff was extremely accomodating and very understanding..the refridge that I asked for was brought up immediately and everyone, from the valet to the front desk to housekeeping were very polite and nice..the shower did not work properly, however...it got cold right away and I thought the valet parking was a little steep at $18 (self park was $14) for such an inexpensive hotel..we paid $115 (AAA rate)..but I would recommend it here..the location to Rodeo Dr. was a hop, skip, away from this hotel..a great bargain and it was nice and quiet too..I ordered food from their restaurant and the ceaser chicken salad had tons of chicken in it, for a change so that was a pleasant surprise also..the amenities were very nice also and we got to keep a pretty silk type bag containing a mini lavender scent sheet spray, ear plugs and a black out eye mask, which was really cool..I have stayed in much more expensive hotels and never received this kind of amenity.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>concordians
<Content>Great hotel Having read reviews about moderately priced hotels in LA I was worried about reports of unsafe neighbourhoods, unfriendly staff and dirty rooms (one reported dried blood on the bedhead). I chose the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills because of generally positive TripAdvisor reviews, its location and access to good public transport and I was not disappointed. I can thoroughly recommend this hotel. The staff were friendly, the rooms very clean and the beds were so comfortable I had trouble getting my daughter up in the mornings! We joined the hotel chain's Priority Club and received a complimentary breakfast each morning which was more than adequate and saved us dollars. The bathrooms were a little small and needed updating but they were fine. There was easy access to the city bus system with the Big Blue bus-stop to Santa Monica beach just around the corner and the Metro to downtown outside the front door. We were in walking distance to Rodeo Drive. We had no trouble getting around using the public transport system and enjoyed our stay in LA and at the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anewobsession
<Content>Roll out the red Carpet! I can say I truly enjoyed the hotel. Upon checkin there is a beautiful lobby, and vallet service is efficient and friendly (only a few more dollars per night!) I would recommend doing the whole vallet thing because the parking garage is a bit of a pain. We probably used the vallet service 3 or more times per day of course coming in and out to see all the different area attractions. The rooms are just average (used to be a Holiday Inn) although the beds are luxury! First good night sleep I'd had in awhile! No fan in the bathroom, no mini-fridge or wetbar, no balcony, although there are beautiful views of the Beverly Hills downtown area. I wouldn't recommend walking to Rodeo drive. You'll need a car in L.A. There's NO complimentary breakfast (you have to be a priority member.) The business center came to a convenience although there is a a charge to use it. The pool was too cold in October I don't think it's heated but we got drinks from the bar and enjoyed the whirlpool jacuzzi! This is a good place to stay for the cost I think we paid $100 per night. I would recommend it more for business than pleasure.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Camabap
<Content>Totally Disappointed! I've booked a room because of its name : Crowne Plaza, but what I found was a terrible Hotel. The room was dirty and smelly. I asked in the front desk for another room but they did not have one at that moment. On my 3rd day, the bathtub starts to flood. I asked again for another room and what I got was another dirty and smelly room, stained towels, smelly pillows, used band-aid in the floor...On the check out I have filled the guest survey but never had an answer for my complains...so...I would not stay here if someone paid me to!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly hotel! I stayed at the Beverly Hills Crowne Plaza during October 2005 for 2 nights. As a priority club member (membership is free!), guestrooms are on the top two floors and breakfast is provided free of charge on the lobby level. If you're a fan of big hotel buffet breakfasts then the priority club breakfast is not for you! It consists of cereals, a fruit platter, toast, a few types of pastries (croissants, apricot danish, cherry danish), fruit juice and coffee. I stayed on the 11th floor and the views of Beverly Hills were very nice and expansive. Rooms on the left side of the hotel will give you views of Downtown. The hotel pictures do not do the rooms justice- they are plush rooms with the most comfortable beds and very warm furnishings, plus the welcome pack is very nice! The location in Beverly Hills is excellent, an easy five minute walk to major restaurants and clothing shops with Rodeo Drive around the corner. Being Los Angeles, nothing is going to be close without a car anyway so being in a nice safe neighbourhood with eateries in close walking distance is very comforting! There are buses on the main strip just left of the hotel going to Santa Monica and Downtown.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BB28
<Content>Very Comfortable Stayed here for 2 nights from 22nd Oct to 24th Oct.Staff where very friendly and helpful.Restuarant, although not a great selection of choice overall food was of high standard.Location is very good, within walking distance of restautants.Overall very comfortable and pleasant stay and would most definately come back here again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfactory Place To Stay Beautiful lobby, scary garage that is detached from the hotel. Rooms are average size with nice beds. Only high speed internet access with no other options or bridges. Locations is shady, but near other hotels. Rate is cheap.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Aussiefamily_7
<Content>Great location After a 14 hour flight from Australia, the Crown Plaza was a welcome relief.Great location and brilliant staff. Rooms were roomy and bright. Brilliant view too.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>catulla
<Content>Crowne Plaza generally good We had a short stay at the Crowne Plaza and found it to be a pleasant hotel and good value for money. It had comfortable beds, plenty of towels and all the usual amenities. The CD player was a bonus. The in-room coffee was awful. The only thing we missed was a refrigerator in the room.The location is excellent. You can walk to a variety of restaurants, shops, and a supermarket, though all the distances are rather long. A bus to downtown via the restaurant area stops outside and various other bus lines are not too far away. There is even a bus from Beverly Hills to the airport, but we did not use it. Presumably if you were on a tight budget you could (buses $1.25).The staff were friendly and efficient, with one exception: we tried to book a tour, but instead of telling us that it was not available, the concierge first tried to get us to do it by limo, and then rather aggressively started to sign us up for a different tour. Also, another concierge was very reluctant to get us a taxi and wanted us to take the hotel's car ($40). We insisted on a taxi, and it turned out to be cheaper ($28).  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gioseppo
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location for Rodeo Drive. Lovely clean rooms, excellent pool area and freindly staff.It is also on 2 major bus routes that link you with downtown Los Angeles, the LA subway and Santa Monica. To get to downtown LA/Subway the bus stops right outside the front door. To get to Santa Monica go around the corner to catch The Big Blue Bus on Pico Blvd. The best thing is it is 75 cents to go ANYWHERE on these buses. Buy a daily travel card for $3 and you can use any bus or subway all day. This was the only hotel we saw in such a good location for public transport. If you do not fancy public transport there is a taxi rank right outside the door.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ca_dub
<Content>3 and a half our of 5 I would actually give this hotel a rating 3 and a half if i could.Overall the hotel is good - slightly above average, but nothing spectacular - good value for money though.The lobby could do with a redecoration but the rooms are grand - clean, modern, bright and spacious.The staff and friendly and eager to please - we organised a tour to Disneyland through them and had no problems.We didn't want to drive in LA, so the location is out of the way from most tourist destination (apart from Beverly Hills obviously). But it was our choice not to drive, so i wouldn't hold this against the hotel. If you hired a car and were willing to put up with driving in LA you'd have no problems. Hotel is near bus routes to Santa Monica/Venice so this was good (although you always get weird looks when you ask how to go anywhere in LA by public transport - it's just assumed you're looking for driving directions!)On the otherhand the location was good in terms of being nice and quiet at night and away from the madness of Hollywood etc. Also there are lots of good resturants near by, within 15 mins walking distance, and not that expensive for Beverly Hills.Definitely sign up for the Priority Club as this is what gets you the free breakfast - well worth it!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fanatstic luxury hotel Loved this hotel. Felt like a 5* when we arrived. Great staff - parked cars, carried bags, efficient check in, etc. The hotel was nicely decorated and had a great bar, fitness equipment, pool and spa. Although they were small they were in good condition. Thr bedroom was fantastic, really large with all modern facilties. Great freebies too. Breakfast was basic but nice and was included in the price. We had great views of the area from our room, especially at night when the city was all lit up. I stayed here for a few nights but would have liked to have stayed longer. I would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there agian myself. I thought the location was fine but you would need to drive there really - but don't you need to drive everywhere in LA?  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Michael from Vienna
<Content>Great location, nice hotel we stayed at the Crowne Plaza from August 27 to 31.Location was great, just 15 minutes walk from Rodeo drive and 5-10 minutes to nice bards and restaurants. Not at all a bad location as a person mentioned.We requested a room on high floor with nice view and got a room on 10 floor, great view to downtown. Other side of the hotel (pool side) would give view to Beverly Hills homes, but we loved downtown side.Make sure you get a room on high floow, otherwise you have vierw to next building.Only thing we missed is an inroom safe. Thius should be standard.Beds are great, you also get a relaxation CD you can use in the rooms CD player and a nice linen spray.Bathrooms are averaged, they need some modernization.Service was good, staff always very helpful. If you are Priority club member (free membership, make sure you sign in before you arrive) you get free continental breakfast in lobby. Sleection is limited but OK. Tried buffet breakfast once, also fair price but if you have breakfast in the area its better.There is a supermarket next block, you can also get everything there.Pool area is nice, during weekend they sometimes run out of towels and deckchairs, during weekdays its OK.If we go to los Angeles again, we devinitively will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nvelardi66
<Content>Nice hotel, bad location Hotel:- 1st class , great service- typical Crowne Plaza decor- very clean- pool a little small, no characterLocation:- not good! - remote area, you must walk to everything! even Rodeo Drive is 15mins walk, not as close as it seems  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value in Beverly Hills I visit LA 2 or 3 times each year. The Crowne Plaza isn't our first choice hotel, mainly because it is more of a business hotel and we prefer a destination hotel which this one clearly isn't.However, when we do stay here we are always pleased with the property, cleanliness, service and value for money.For out of town visitors wondering just how close this hotel is to Beverly Hills, you will not be dissappointed. Beverly Drive runs parallel to Rodeo drive and if you walk about a half mile, you will be in the main shopping and restaurant area of Beverly Hills.The parking is plentiful (although the headroom is a little low for extra large SUVS with roof racks).The club floor breakfasts are great if you can get an upgrade and the staff are discrete and the free WIFI is handy.Some of the rooms have a not too exciting view but if you ask, the front desk will likely give you a high floor facing in the right direction if they can.The hotel is on the 'crew hotels' list for a bunch of major airlines so there are often flight crew wandering around in the lobby. The pool is fine but is in the front of the hotel adjacent to the registration parking area. This isn't really a problem but adds to the feeling that this is a business hotel where they have installed a pool so they can say they have one.Anyway, if you are looking for a good value hotel in Beverly Hills where you don't want to stand on ceremony or star spot, then the Crowne Plaza is for you.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shazza_h
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Crowne Plaza We stayed at the Crown Plaza Beverly Hills from July 20 - 23 and had a wonderful time. From the moment we set foot in the door to the time we left, all the staff were friendly and the facilities were excellent.Just as a tip to all future guests - make sure you sign up for the Priority Club (free to join). This entitles you to free breakfast each morning and there are dedicated floors within the hotel which are especially for Priority Club guests which have better views comfier beds!The location of the Crown Plaza is around a 25minute walk to Rodeo Drive and approximately $30-$35 taxi ride to Chinatown and Downtown Hollywood and approximately $25- $30 to Universal Studios. This means that if you do not have your own transport, getting around could be difficult. We were very impressed when one day, we wanted to go to Universal Studios and were contemplating taking the bus/train, one of the hotel staff members who had just finished work for the day offered to drop us off to Universal Studio's on his way home as he lived in the area. Overall, the level of customer service we received from all staff members at the Crown Plaza was excellent and I would definately recommend others to stay here also.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>golflover26
<Content>This was our oasis We stayed at this hotel from 06/27 until 06/30 and found it perfect.LA is a very lively city with lots of traffic and it was nice to get back to this hotel after each hectic day.The staff is very courteous,the rooms wer clean,the bed comfortable,and the neighborhood very quiet and at walking distanceto rodeo Drive.If we go back toLA,we will definitely go back to this wnderful hotel.We felt at home at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KimtheNetherlands
<Content>OK but expected more... My husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights in May 2005. The service was really very good all around. The bellhops and concierge were exceptionally helpful in arranging sight-seeing tours for us. The location is very convenient as others have said. But we were disappointed in our room. For the the Crown Plaza brand and price we were paying (which was not as inexpensive as some of the rates I麓ve seen on this review board) we expected more. The carpet was worn out looking, the furniture and decor were holiday inn basic, the bathroom looked like it really needed an overhaul, the shower curtain was dingy and poorly hung, the towels didn麓t look very clean and were rough and worn out, and our air conditioning unit had seen better days. I think the hotel rooms should be renovated to maintain integrity with its brand. And it wouldn麓t hurt to increase the temperature on the laundry setting and use some fabric softener.I may stay there again, but not if I can get a room around the corner at the Avalon.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great accommodation We found this place to be perfectly adequate. It wasn't luxury of the highest scale, but it was very nice. We arrived late and the staff were very helpful in getting us settled. The rooms were very clean and I would have no objections in recommending this place.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Georgiatravellers
<Content>Amazing service What a pleasant surprise to obtain a wonderful rate in Beverly Hills but most importantly discovering a staff who just couldn't do enough for you. The front desk, the maids, wait staff, concierge, etc., all went out of their way to accomodate any of our needs or requests. This type of attitude of wanting to please really made our stay there a nice experience. I would definitely stay there again. They just did so many little things that added to our first visit to the Los Angeles area. It was located on S. Beverly Bl which was also convenient walking distance to grocery store, drug store along with some restaurants and shopping. Tours also picked up there.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cactusjack56
<Content>Nice hotel, Great location This is a nice hotel, just south of Beverly Hills proper. Built in 1974, it shows its age, with small bathrooms and limited space in and around the bedrooms. With a nice sitting area, bar / lounge and a prefunctory restaurant, it's a perfect location for a good nights sleep and over 40 restaurants within an easy walk. The staff is attentive and alert. Demi in the bar area always keeps people laughing, and Carmen at the front desk is a dreamboat with a winsome smile. Norberto, the bellman is prompt and knows the locations in Los Angeles, to find the best foods and nightlife. The Concierge is rarely stumped by the most obscure questions, and seems overqualified for this property. He can make it happen ! Management is always there to see to your requests, and the area is quiet at night, and the views are spectacular. Request an even numbered room, at least above 6 floors, and you'll enjoy a sunrise view of the Los Angeles skyline, all the way to Chavez Ravine. If you prefer a lower floor, opt for a west view( odd numbers ), of Century City and Beverly Hills to your north.  Sleep Advantage Program has lavendar sprays and sleep CD's in every room. You'll get a good nights sleep, at a great price, close to everything.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crowne Plaza not regal! Hotel was OK. Not great. Room with 2 double beds is cramped.Bed next to the bathroom; just enough room for the door to close. Not private; could hear bathroom noise. Bathroom not spotless! Water did not drain while taking shower; toilet ran and made noise all night. Front desk staff indifferent. Breakfast buffet was good and breakfast staff very good.Overall disappointed.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good visit at Crowne Plaza The hotel is located about 1-1.5 miles from Rodeo Drive in a quiet neighbor hood. There is not much to do around the hotel at night. This is a safe area. You can walk to Rodeo Drive but given the amount of parking in that area, I would probably drive next time.I was not sure what to expect from a Crowne Plaza so I was pleasantly surprised when I found a good clean lobby and a very clean room.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was part of the package and gave us a good start in the morning.The shower was OK, as I was competing with someone else for hot water as my shower was hot and cold.There can be some traffic on busy Pico Street. We were on the 11th floor and slept the nights without problem.Overall, it is a good hotel. I would recommend this to others especially families who want a good nights sleep after a long day of sight seeing.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tvcamguy
<Content>Adequate Place to Stay/Watch your credit card though A friend and I stayed at this hotel in early April 2005.....I expected more from the Crowne Plaza brand.....I think this hotel used to be a Holiday Inn....then changed into a Crowne Plaza.......the room was an adequate size.....bathroom adequate....etc....no frills.....the location is great though.....a reltively short walk to Rodeo Dr, etc......I would definately recommend renting a car.....the beaches are a close drive.....but I think your own car just makes things easier......make sure you join the Priority Club, for that you get a free continental breakfast (that is actually good)...$10 parking.....and a room on a higher floor......which is cool, to get the whole LA effect......everything was just peachy, until on our second day I went to the ATM....had no money in my account.....called the bank.....they told me Crowne Plaza had put a $1,092 authorization on my account....HELLO!....PANIC!.....(should have only been a $546 hold) after an hour on the phone (while @ Universal Studios) it got partially taken care of......the management seemed concerned.....but didn't express it very well...to me, the panic stricken tourists in his 2nd day on a week long vacation AND NO MONEY $$$$$$.....all in all, I think I'll give them a second chance on my next stay.....make sure you ask for the Internet rate of $98.46.....great rate for the area..  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dmg923
<Content>Great hotel, room, service and location We stayed here for 3 nights and had become a priority club member before we arrived (free to join). Room was upgraded and complimentry breakfast in Priority club lounge. Great location if you have a car as very central and reasonable priced parking at the hotel. Would go back again and recommend to others. Wireless internet also available free of charge.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Bliss Stayed here March/April 2005 w/ our 3 CHILDREN....this hotel is extremely clean, friendly and had the most comfortable sleeping arrangements I have ever experienced in a hotel. We have stayed many places including Ritz Carlton's in other cities. Crown Plaza was top notch! We had a 2 room suite on the 12th floor...paid 200/night...had fridge, micro...and rooms were incredibly QUIET! This hotel has what they call a Sleep Advantage program. Upon arrival you find an entire relaxation kit on your bed complete with CD (a nice player in room), lavender spray, eye mask, and ear plugs....We never used ear plugs of course as rooms were soo quiet! Each room had own temp control unit and worked very effeciently....Room service food was outstanding and on time. Breakfast buffet was an ample spread and had a European flair with fresh deli meats on it and yogurt with real fruit in it was always available--a hit with the kids. The pool could have been warmer, but the kids did not care and we really weren't there to swim anyhow...the hot tub was perfect though! As far as walking distance to attractions, I would not stay here if you don't want to walk. We drove everywhere--rented an Expedition thru Budget for $230 for whole wk! The hotel has a rental car business in it but very expensive. ($79/day for a Sequoia) Overall, this was the most comfortable hotel I have ever been in. Maid service was IMPECCABLE and I am going to miss those pillow top beds....(my own at home isn't the same!) Oh-one more thing--the hotel has a convenient little pantry right in the lobby... gifts, snacks, medications, pool toys...most items were pricey of course being in the hotel, but ohhh how convenient when we needed a beach ball for pool fast! And we only paid $2 for it! Definately reccomend this place to business travelers as well as families alike!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Wonderful Hotel. Clean. Neat. Upon check-in....we received a call....as to whether everything was acceptable. It was. For the location and the room....it was an excellent value. My two daughters stayed there and they were pleased as well. We did not eat in the restaurants because our schedule called for us to be out of the Hotel. John the Concierge was very helpful and kind. Down-to-earth sort of fellow. Parking was easy. I will be pleased to stay there again upon my next visit. It will making going back to Beverly Hills uncomplicated and pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brown-2004
<Content>Loved this hotel Stayed here in February and had a room with a great view. Their web site says Rodeo Drive is .2 miles but someone misplaced the period as it is at least 2 miles. We walked both ways as we are walkers but even we found it a little much. Lots of restaurants just around the corner from the hotel with a choice of fast, Thai, Deli, Pizza or fine dining We paid $67 on Priceline and felt we had a super deal.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Prine041745
<Content>Excellent Hotel Easy parking. Excellent front desk and check-in. Nice quiet room. Great location. Many restaurants within walking distance. Easy driving to all parts of Los Angeles. I will be staying at this Hotel as often as possible.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sender7
<Content>everything was perfect!! Our family and another family stayed here in Feb 2005. I can't say enough about this hotel. I chose it based on location and reviews from this site and was a little nervous because I booked not only my family but another family also. We were all soooo happy here. We signed up as priority club members and received not only the discounted parking but also the free breakfast which was wonderful. My kids loved it. The beds were really comfortable and the room was nice and spacious. Location was good and pretty central for our touristy things we did. I would definitely return here. The hotel staff was also so nice and the concierge was able to book both our families Warner Brothers tours from the hotel AFTER I was told by Warner Brothers they were sold out! Great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>floridarolltide
<Content>Wonderful time! Spent 3 evenings (W, Th, F) at this hotel  was more than impressed.The concierge was giving us tips  advice before we even got a chance to check in. Front staff-very friendly  professional. Were given n/s 2 Doubles on the 10th floor with an exceptional view of both downtown  the snow-capped mountains  Hollywood sign. We asked for a King  they were booked for the evening but happily suggested we switch rooms the next night. We were so settled  satified with the 2 Doubles, we didn't even try to get the King.We were greeted in the room by soft jazz playing on the cd player  comfy white down comforters  pillows that were wonderfully soft. There was even a small bag with an eye mask, lavendar linen spray  ear plugs- although we didn't use any of those.The bathroom was a bit cramped, but since there were only 2 of us, it wasn't a problem.Didn't use the workout room, jacuzzi or pool (both heated  outdoor), but they seemed nice  easy to find.Were already a Priority Club member which let us in the free breakfast lounge.Everyone, from the maids to the hotel repairmen we occasionally rode the elevator with were very friendly  treated us like true guests. It felt more like a bed and breafast.We had one dinner at the hotel's restaurant (Marty's Bistro) and were blown away by the portion sizes  the quality of food -steak  shrimp scampi. We had excellent service there  would highly recommend it.The walk to Rodeo was 15 minutes  quite a hike for us since we already had blisters from walking in Anaheim. So we took a cab back  it was a flat $5, not bad. Excellent Bev Hills restaurant: Bossa Nova is worth the $10 roundtrip cab fare!We rented a car on site from Midway for one day ($40 for a PT Cruiser)  didn't have to pay for parking at all. Not sure how that happened. It was worth it to drive down to Hollywood  take in those sites as well as the NBC studios in Burbank. Otherwise we LOVED the fact that 2 different bus co's were a 2 minute walk from the hotel. $1.50 roundtrip to Santa Monica or anywhere in between. And the other MTA line would go everywhere else  connect you to subways.Can't beat the price or location on this one!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sonoma
<Content>Great Hotel and Location The Crown Plaza was great. A good location and an outstanding room. (Join the Priority CLub for free and you will receive a concierge level room) The room was newly renovated and flawless. The location is great, a short walk from Rodeo Driveand Wilshire. There are many inexpensive restaurants within walking distance on Beverly and Pico. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for the price. Just returned 3 days ago. The Hotel was farther than expected from Rodeo Drive. Don't expect to walk there. The breakfast was outstanding.. great breakfast buffet. Lunch and room service not so good. Rooms were ok but needed a facelift (paint, cpt. cleaning) View from window was terrible. ... looked like the getto. Staff was friendly. Could hear the person next door like they were in same room. We got a great deal for the room so was worth it but would not pay regular rate.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor location, but nice large bedrooms and very comfortable beds Stayed at the Crowne Plaza in December 2004. Didn't realise location would be a long walk from anywhere and made the mistake of trying to walk to Hollywood - bad idea !! Once we learnt about the local buses it made travelling easier, but LA doesn't have an extensive underground network. Hotel itself was good, but food was not great and would recommend eating out of the hotel. Rooms were very nice, but the whole stay was spoiled by a fire alarm which went off at 5a.m. one morning. No staff - No help - no advice. One night porter on reception who was more interested in taking money from people checking out and not bothered about the 200 people standing in the lobby. Don't take any of the hotel tours - for example Universal Studios was advertised for $70 each transport return and didn't include admission. After a $2 bus ride to Hollywood and then a $2 underground ride to Universal - alot cheaper doing it yourself - but do take the money off vouchers from the leaflets in the hotel lobby. Universal LA is nowhere near as good as the Orlando one which we visited last year. Also did a tour of the stars home and again did it for half the hotel's price by buying the ticket on Hollywood Boulevard where the tours depart from. If you want to do Hollywood and all the sights choose a hotel there and you will also get to see the nearly nightly premieres !.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MargitaKirkwood_Mo
<Content>quiet haven We didn't mind sitting in the lobby playing cards till our room was ready, because we had arrived an hour before check-in. We were very pleased with the quality of the bed and linens, the cleanliness of the room, and the space. Loved seeing the sunrise reflected on the glass buildings across the street, as well as the lovely sunsets from the 9th floor. We applied for a Priority Club membership as soon as we had made our reservations so as to take advantage of the free breakfast and reduced price in parking. Well worth it. The breakfast was ample and in a lovely setting. The staff was of mixed quality. The bellman was very knowledgeable and helpful. The concierge was fine. For the location we felt we found a great value. The price was advertised on a travelzoo newsletter, which was what directed us to investigate. The deal was only for the weekend. We called the hotel directly to see what they would charge for the next night, a Monday. They matched the weekend price so we booked directly with the hotel. We would stay there again and are considering their Tournament of Roses package for next New Year's.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and a great holiday experience We stayed 3 night in September 2004 and had a great time. We were more than pleasantly surprised when we arrived - the lobby was lovely, the staff delightful and very welcoming, and our room (a double double) was surprisingly spacious, comfortable and very clean. We ate breakfast in the restaurant and the service was pretty good most of the time. We had dinner there once and enjoyed a very lovely meal and found the service great. Overall a terrific hotel, great value for money, and we would stay again and highly recommend it to others!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoHerd
<Content>Average at best This is an old hotel with just enough renovations to get by in the Beverly Hills hotel market. I am a priorty club platinum member and stay at Crownes all over the country/world and this is one of the worst I have stayed in. It is equivalent to a old Holiday Inn at best. I stayed in an executive suite it was not very nice. Very loud wall air conditioners. Parking is expensive as well.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't judge a book by its cover.. We stayed at the Crowne Plaza our first night in Los Angeles, with high expectations because of what we had seen on the internet and reviews on Trip Advisor...though the lobby was beautiful, the staff and especially the hotel room itself were average. The bathroom was tiny to say the least and not very clean and the beds were very hard. Be prepared to pay for the buffet breakfast. We recommend exploring other hotels - the Crowne Plaza is definately not value for money.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucie21
<Content>Can't speak to highly of all the staff I stayed at the Crown Plaza with my 2 grown up daghters for 5 nights 3rd - 8th November. The staff were more than helpful. Really made us feel welcome. We had 2 rooms with connecting doors. Both rooms were very spacious, spottlesly clean and were kept that way by the staff. Great selection for the buffet continental breakfast including a variety of fruit juices, fresh fruit, yoghurt, pastries, bagels etc. As our flight wasn't untill 9pm we were given a late check out (at no extra cost) of 6pm when our cab was collecting us. Brilliant safe location. Big Blue Bus to Santa Monica every 15 minutes, 75cents, 2 minutes walk from hotel on Pico Blvd. Takes about 20 to 30 minutes. Within easy walking distance of Rodeo Drive. We found the taxis very reasonable. Hotel to Melrose Ave $7. You have to remember the price is for the cab not per person.We used 'Airport Express Limousines' for tansfers to and from the hotel and also for a tour of the star homes. Rony the owner was very helpful and Dess our driver was just lovely and we thoroughly enjoyed his company.All in all we had a fantastic time and would certainly stay at the Crown Plaza Beverly Hills again  again  again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flaesb
<Content>Much better than adequate Clean high rise hotel on the edge of Beverly Hills. Within walking distance of nothing, but very close to Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. Clean, spacious rooms (mine was very noisy and I could see why earplugs were supplied). Parking garage beside the hotel for $14/night ($10 with Priority Gold). Club level is average, and Priority Club breakfast just a buffet with danish, etc. For $100 per night, this hotel is marvelous.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>winydapu
<Content>3 star hotel with added extras Excellent 3 star hotel. Location close to Beverly Hills attractions. Staff helpful and very nice. Rooms had the amenities of a 4 - 5 star hotel with little extras of lavander aromatherapy bed linen spray, eye mask, relaxation cd to help you sleep, ear plugs, down duvets, 300 count linens. The room was soundproofed. We were next to the elevator, but did not hear a sound. The room was small due to being an older hotel, but still enough room to spread out. The lobby and pool area keep this a 3 star hotel. Check in and check out fast. Arrived early and were given a room. Got a good deal through Priceline. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, great value ! Stayed at the Crown Plaza for 5 nights at the beginning of this month at the start of two weeks touring. Booked direct on the Intercontinental website paying $99 dollars a night - came to a little more in the end with taxes etc, however, this was brilliant value compared to most UK hotels ! As a tip, its worth joining this hotel groups priority club as you get a complimentary conti br'fast, plus rooms on certain floors. I'm not sure if these are better rooms, however, they were certainly large and well equiped. I liked the location, it felt safe (for LA), had its own adequate parking and was quiet. Within the car park is a car rental firm - Midway - worth considering if this is your first night away as I had an hours wait at the airport for my rental car. Definately would stay again when in LA.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hshaw
<Content>Disappointed After driving down from San Francisco to LA in early January 2004, we were expecting everything! The Crowne Plaza however was disappointing. The room was nice but cramped for two people. The bed next to the bathroom just managed to allow the door to open but you could hear everything going on in the bathroom so not very private. The water wouldn't drain whilst taking a shower so we stood in shampoo, soap and conditioner until stepping out. We called maintenance up who fixed it but the problem still occurred. Honestly, we couldn't be bothered calling again. The use of the internet downstairs in the lobby was good. The nightlife on the strip on a Thursday night was non existent and very disappointing. Venice beach fared better the following day.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MJH20
<Content>Fab time at the Crowne Plaza My husband and I were due to spend nights 4 at this hotel in September, after spending 4 nights in Anaheim at Disneyland. Upon our arrival we were greeted with a nightmare.....we were told that there was no reservation in our name and that the hotel was fully booked for the first night of our stay (I couldnt believe it considering it had been booked with our tour operator for nearly a year). Tony Rebello, the Rooms Division Manager was brillant, he went of his way to help us out. We were taken to another hotel for the first night with no cost to us and then brought back to the Crowne Plaza in time for our early morning tour. Our room was lovely and all the staff were extremely friendly. The hotel was spotless. Location was fine. We will be returning to this hotel in 2006 (we would love to return in 2005 but the credit card needs time to recover)with the rest of our family. Highly recommended!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Start to our holiday We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights during a week trip to LA.The room was booked directly through the hotels website, the best price around. One bit of advice I can say, that we found, during booking the room I ticked the box joining the Crowne Plaza Priority points. It is free and you collect points for staying towards other free nights. We didnt really need this, but me being me I like free things. Anyway we didnt find out until we arrived that ticking that box gave you access to Priority bonuses. The hotels top floor is reserved for executive rooms, but the floor below is reserved for Priority members. Also our room rate did not include breakfast, but again being a Priority member gave you access to a special members lounge 24hrs, which served a free buffet breakfast in the mornings.We tried breakfast in the hotels resturant one morning and it was a little basic and expensive.The rooms were large and well kept and the only downside was that the Aircon was a little noisy. Staff were friendly and very helpful, and maids very very efficiant. Outside is a taxi rank and bus stop which gets you anywhere you want.We didnt rent a car during our stay. Taxi from the airport was $30 and the buses got us around for the other 4 days no problem.The hotel is good for most things in north LA, we got a Taxi to Universal Studios ($35) but took us through some very nice areas and showed us part of Hollywood that tours didnt go to.If you want to see all of LA, and Universal and Disney, then I would recommend what we did, Stay a few nights in North LA and a few in South LA (Anahiem).Would definately return to the Crowne Plaza if staying in LA again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbergwil
<Content>Great Place! We had a great experience here! We got a great rate using Priceline and were very pleased with our stay. We used our Priority Club card and got discounted parking and free continental breakfast. The lobby was very nice, fast elevators, and nice rooms. The bathrooms are nothing special but that is fine with us. The service was friendly and very accomodating. Highly recommended!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bananabook
<Content>Nice Hotel, great location We cannot fault the hotel as they were very helpful and accommodating - our flight from Hawaii to LA was cancelled therefore we missed our evening arrival at the hotel. We were only booked in for one night en route to Las Vegas and were set to be charged anyway for room rate if we did not show. We contacted them beforehand to explain and they kept our room for us to arrive at 8am following morning instead of the expected 8pm previous evening - they extended our check-out time, so we could grab breakfast, couple hours sleep and showers and enjoy the rest of the day in LA before evening flight to Vegas. Concierge were helpful/efficient and the desk chatty making us feel welcome. The overall feel of the place was welcoming, nice relaxed bar area and our room on club floor was nice, very clean and spacious. We were on our honeymoon, so they had given us a better room than rate paid. Location great for walking Rodeo drive etc. Shame we did not have longer - rushed visit!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent balance of cost/location/quality The location is great. The rooms are motel like, but sport great views of the city, especially at sunset and dawn. Don't expect great service, though it is not the worst. Comfortable, respectable, a good value in LA.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place We were in LA in July 2004. The hotel is great. The location is perfect and the price is very fair. The hotel is super clean and the rooms are very nice. The hotel is big and the services are there 24 hours a day. If you are visiting Beverly Hills stay at this hotel. It is safe and very nice.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coopertrooper2001
<Content>Nice hotel! A nice Beverly style hotel, Mike the conceriage very helpful at sorting Taxis and a day trip.The hotel is a bit in the middle of nowhere if you want to walk anywhere. Get a taxi, although the surrounds do feel safe.Restaurant is OK, room service offers a better choice!Nice hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Conveniently located We stayed here 3 nights between 27 and 30 June 2004. Our room was spacious and located on the upper floors (I have the Inter-Continental priority card) and we got free continental breakfast and discounted garage.The position is convenient if you have a car (but who doesn't in Los Angeles???).I will definitely book future reservations with the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and great staff! Very nice hotel, very friendly staff, great value for money $99 per night! Minutes walk from the glitz and glamour of Rodeo Drive  Other Bevely Hills attractions, 5 mins drive from The Strip! What more can you ask for?  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you are looking for upscale, don't look here Even though I was upgraded to a nice sized one bedroom suite, (I was staying free on my Priority Club Points) This hotel that touts itself as a luxury hotel and believe me, this hotel is not luxurious. They have renovated recently, so the public areas seem pleasant at first glance. However, when you take a closer look, the public areas are very dirty and not well maintained. There was gum stuck to the wall in the lobby all 3 days I was there, filthy glass entrance doors, trash on the elevator floors, dirty carpet, etc. The room seemed pretty clean except for the hair all over the bathroom floor. gross.The room itself had some nice touches, but overall felt like an older Holiday Inn trying to disguise itself as something nicer. Service was indifferent, except for the great concierge was helpful.Also not very luxurious was having to go out the front lobby doors to get to the pool, which is located next to the street. The club lounge was your basic hotel room with a cheap continental breakfast. Convenient, but nothing special. Valet was understaffed (just the one bellman on staff) One evening I had to get the car myself from the garage because he was too busy.Crowne Plaze also announced it's new luxurious beds. The bed was nice because it was brand new, but actually very firm and not high quality.Location is ok if you have a car, but not too much around walking distance. This hotel is fine for basic, no frills accomodations if you get a good, low rate. I wish I hadn't used my points here tho, kind of a waste. I would have stayed at a nicer Holiday-Inn Express.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, average room Stayed at the Hotel for one night. The location was great, close to Beverly Hills and Hollywood. The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. However the rooms are nothing special. Very average, plain and on the small side. The bathroom was clean, but nothing fancy in there, tub and shower were plastic, no tile work in there. Good hotel, for one night, wouldn't want to stay there longer..  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FUMING MAD--LOUSY SERVICE Staff was friendly, but not very bright. My wakeup call did not happen, so I missed a key meeting--ruined the whole trip.   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cloes
<Content>They were a life saver ~ very helpful and accommodating My daughter, 3 year old granddaughter and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza from April 7 to April 16. My husband had open heart surgery at Cedars Sinai and the hotel was very helpful in making us feel comfortable, knowing the stressful situation. The staff is fabulous. The only thing I would recommend is that perhaps they get a couple more computers for the guests to use. I will definitely book future reservations with the Crowne Plaza. Thank you all. You made a difficult situation so much better.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent time We had a great time at the Crowne Plaza! Debbie,Ismal and John were very nice and funny! We got a great internet rate and were close to Rodeo Dr.Join the priority club and the breakfast is only $5.00 for the buffet, or free at the Club room on the 12th floor.We never opened a door,they were opened for us. It was a fun time.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great Everything was great with this hotel right from check in. The front desk staff was friendly and willing to explain anything to you. I needed a wake up call every morning and when I called each night they were very accommodating. The rooms were a good size and very clean. The air conditioning was a little noisy at times, but it definitely kept the room cool! The concierge was very helpful and had a wealth of information to share about the surrounding area. He booked a tour for us and gave us suggestions for how to spend the day. All in all, this hotel was great. I wouldn't think twice about staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent Hotel for the price of $99 a night. Hotel lobby was very nice and staff were very friendly. Room was big and very nicely furnished. We did not look at the pool or hot tub so I cant comment on those. Parking was only $9 a night, which for the area was excellent. Its a $5 cab ride to the centre of Rodeo Drive. If you want to go to Rodeo Drive for shopping this is the place to stay. Its about a third of the price of the other Hotels in the area.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelfamily3
<Content>Ickkkkkk We stayed here because it had a reasonably priced 1-BR suite, and our baby could be put down in his crib while my husband and I stayed up in the main area. That part was great, but overall the place was mediocre. Drab furnishings, not very clean, blase staff. The breakfast was good and convenient, but the high speed internet did not work (and apparently had not for quite some time). My husband was there on business, so this was a real detriment. I would not choose this hotel again if I had a choice.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills Just returned from San Francisco and LA trip with 2 teens. We had a wonderful time in both cities. You are near Beverly Hills and not really a walking area. The cab ride to the hotel was 45.00. There is a car rental on site. We got a great deal and a nice car at a discount rate being mid-week and slow, says the rental car agent. The front desk was nice and the bell hops were great, friendly, helpful and nice. I have a priority club membership through my work and you can get discount rate on parking and free continental breakfast, same as any other. They tell you that you can eat cont. breakfast in the lobby restaruant. I would not recommend that, the employees were rude. They expect you to buy breakfast and tip them. So, we learned and only did that once. You can drive to hollywood and Santa monica easily and we drove up to Malibu, which was a beautiful drive. The hotel needs much work. The beds, linen were terrible. The pool and hot tub were green and not kept well. While in the garage elevator, we saw an outdated inspection that said Holiday Inn Select. No wonder it needs work if that was what this hotel previously was run by. It appears they are working on this. The walls are very thin and we had to report some drunken neighbors for keeping us awake 2 nights in a row. For the 4 days we were there, we felt safe with driving. I use the Crowne Plaza's with work almost exclusively and am used to better, But it appears they are trying to upgrade. For the Expedia price, its fair.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PabloPicasso3
<Content>Okay We recently spent 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza in Beverly Hills. The entrance and lobby are nicely done and well maintained, but the rooms are a little tired. Not bad for the price, but don't expect too much. The heated pool was even too cold for my kids and the hot tub had a green color to it and about 6 inches of foam on top. We stayed clear. The parking lot was reasonable for the area at $12 per day with in- and out- privileges.We tried the breakfast buffet one morning - it was a little pricy - about $13 for an adult and $6 for children. It was the typical buffet that you could find for probably half that price.I was surprised that there was not much to do in the immediate area for a family, except look at some shops on Beverly and Rodeo Drives. You need to drive or take a cab to get anywhere - at that takes a long time.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>favaunt
<Content>Great find! Pleasant, clean, affordable and convenient in LA The secret to the affordability of the Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills is it's location. It's set in a lovely neighborhood that's just a few minutes drive to some of the hottest spots in town--Rodeo Drive, Hollywood Boulevard, museums, etc. But if you go for a walk around the hotel itself, you're not going to find flashy, upscale dining, shopping and hot nightlife. You can get kosher pizza and tacos, buy a nice bottle of wine and have a decent meal, but it's a pleasant city neighborhood (i.e. people actually live and work there), not a tourist zone. We loved it for that--after a day of being tourists, it was nice to retreat somewhere that felt homey. And the hotel itself was very nice, with personable service, clean and pleasant rooms, convenient parking and decent room service. Only disappointment was the pool, which is right at street level next to the driveway. If you want to be dazzled, look elsewhere. If you want a relaxing hotel (NOT motel) experience that's nicer than your average chain, allows you a pleasant base from which to tour LA, and doesn't cost a fortune, then I HIGHLY recommend the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RSMike
<Content>Good Hotel for the price Stayed here January 04 for two nights.Its definetly good value if you book via their internet page. The rooms are a bit faded but comfortable (good beds) and everything works.Some slight negatives: * The elevators are slowwwww, but thats not a big problem. * The swipe locks on the doors are a bit flaky * The location is probably the weakest point, i.e. its right on the edge of Beverly Hills but I guees for the price cannot complain. Some Tips: * Sign up for the Crowne Plaze Priority Club on their web site (its free) before you go and give your priority club number when booking, then you may get access to the club floor (we did) where you get free breakfast (juice/cereal/bread/bagles) * For us at least the 21 day advance purchase rate turned out not to be i.e it was only billed on arrival which was great. * If you want a taxi (which you probably will) take the Beverly Hills blue cabs waiting outside (they arethe most reasonable but still not cheap) * There is more to see/do on Hollywood Blvd as a tourist, if going again I would try to find a hotel nearer to there, you can always take a quick tour and see Beverly hills in half a day.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good service We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in November 2003. Its location close to Rodeo Drive meant that there are plenty of dining options, and all within walking distance. Hotel is also close to a Ralphs supermarket and has a bus stop around the corner - good for travelling to Santa Monica. The rooms are of fair quality - the airconditioner was noisy and the rooms quite dark, but apart from that they are adequate. Good cable TV !!The service of the conceirges' and desk staff was excellent - they went out of their way to assist us in anyway possible.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel, but poor location   showReview(1496762, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could do much worse!   showReview(1445315, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beverly Hills Bargain   showReview(1273917, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was pretty Good.   showReview(1155691, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service!   showReview(1148782, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Workers   showReview(1137585, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GiovanniFirenze
<Content>Fair deal   showReview(1131014, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little less than expected   showReview(1104270, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shooshy
<Content>Great Position   showReview(850325, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Truly Memorable Trip   showReview(717289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pablitovicenza
<Content>Bell' hotel a Beverly Hills   showReview(21051007, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Sonietta73
<Content>carino   showReview(17588480, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>sasri
<Content>Hotel di buon livello in un'ottima posizione   showReview(8516988, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

