<Author>frizzled
<Content>Very nice stay This was by far our best stay on this trip. The staff was very friendly and the room quite comfortable. It was great to have a kitchenette and a huge bathroom. Though we never made it to the wine and tea afternoons, I loved that they offered this. The breakfast was nothing exciting, but it was there if you needed a nibble. Checking in and out were a breeze. There is a board in the lobby with helpful hints from other travellers on places to go and those to avoid. I guess it just felt more homey than the more impersonal modern hotels we stayed at. I would definately stay here again and it will be my first choice for the next trip.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jjessie
<Content>Beresford Arms - I was pleasantly surprised Trying to find a comfortable, well located, and reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco was extremely difficult even after researching through Trip Advisor.The Beresford Arms was a very nice hotel and proved an excellent choice by the travel agent. Although it looks a bit tired, the rooms are very accommodating and the reception staff are very friendly and helpful.I was staying with my 2 boys. The hotel room had 2 QS beds and we were also provided with a rollaway bed. The room was of good size and had a small kitchenette and good sized bathroom. Rooms were very clean and serviced daily.Recommend that you ask for a room on a high floor as we were on level 2 and the street noise was pretty loud.The hotel supplied 2 p.c.'s with internet access for general use in the lounge area. Breakfast was supplied (fruit; some pastries, tea/coffee) and was a good starter for the day. The hotel also provided wine and cheese in the afternoons which was most enjoyable and provided a good networking opportunity.Location was excellent. Only 5-10 minutes from Union Square. A laundrette was right across the street. Restaurants and general stores were very close.Overall a very nice hotel. Would definitely recommend to anybody going to SF.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DMH27
<Content>Couldn't be Happier! My partner and I stayed here for nine nights while in San Fran, and it was a fabulous hotel. The prices were super cheap, the room was large and clean. The staff were great and really helpful, I recommend it highly. Also across the road is a fantastic Indonesian restaurant, and if you are staying for a bit there is also a laundromat across the road run by a really friendly guy called Lee.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrisCaz
<Content>It is quaint but make sure you get a good room This hotel was recommended by my Travel Agent and I went along with it even though I am normally a Hyatt or Marriott type of person. It is definitely quaint and if you that is the type of thing you are into then this place is ok but you do need to watch the room that you are given. I was first of all given a room that I was told was an upgrade from what I had booked but I was appalled at the size of it - it was just too small for a weeks stay so I paid an extra US$20 per night to upgrade to a slightly bigger room that did have a small kitchen area and a jacuzzi. I have heard since about the Parlour Suites and I would have preferred something like that but I didnt know about it at the time. Here are my pros and cos:CONS:(1) There was a lot of noise from the street but I was on the top floor so it was probably less than if I had been lower down. (2) There was no view to speak of (3) It was just that little bit too far from Union Square especially with a bad ankle limping back after a hard day touringPROS(1) The mini bar (honesty bar) was extremely reasonably priced (2) The bed was quite comfortable (3) There was a laundrette right opposite and also a small supermarket - very handy (4) The continental breakfast was a bonus as was the evening wine and cheese and (5) The staff were extremely helpful and took time and effort to assist with directionsSo the pros do outweigh the cons and if you are looking for somewhere unusual and different (and dont mind walking) then this is the place. Just make sure you know what type of room you are getting.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MOZART05
<Content>Excellent value; Great Service My husband and I spent three nights at The Beresford Arms and we were so impressed with the size of the room. We were upgraded to a junior suite which has 2 double beds, a small kitchen, lots of closet space, and a very large bathroom. There is a complimentary wine and cheese from 4:30 - 5:30p.m. in the elegant lobby which is a great way to end a day of touring. The best part of our experience at this hotel was the staff - they are outstanding. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>pjcat
<Content>character and charm We had 4 nights in a junior suite and were pleasantly surprised to find a kitchen with stove and everything you would need to cook if you wanted too. Not that you need to, breakfast in the mornings and happy hour, with restaurants close. The thai noodle was great although not licensed. The room we had was large and very comfortable and the people behind the front desk were helpful. Union square and shopping only a short walk away.A place with character.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>NYTrippie444
<Content>The BEST VALUE in San Francisco! Essentially, I agree with the positive comments that have already been stated by other reviewers. My story is as follows:I had a problem with the noise in my room (my only problem there)... apparently there were some kids having some sort of graduation party down the hall. I'm not a complainer, but I was meeting a client in the morning and needed my rest. I called the front desk and asked for the manager. It took a mere 5 minutes for the hotel OWNER to come up to the room, fix the problem, and offer me complimentary ACCOMMODATIONS if I wanted! Of course, being the just and gracious person that I am, I declined his extremely generous (and totally unwarranted) offer, and thanked him for his time.How often does a hotelier actually address his clients problems?! I am an attorney from New York, and rarely do I see such service in the corporate cases filed by me or the opposing parties. I know that this particular owner has another hotel and other investments to take care of, so it's extremely impressive that he takes the time and energy to deal with such problems so conscientiously. Stay here, help out small-business America, and enjoy the old-world charm, cleanliness, and top-class service.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peanut1958
<Content>Clean! Good Price! My daughter and I visited S.F for first time and stayed at Beresford Arms. We first thought it was a rough neighborhood, but found out next morning it was not. We thought the rooms were very clean (important) and beds were comfortable. We did have a jacuzzi tub which we did not use. But the kitchen was convienent for ice and keeping our water and soft drinks cold. We wished we were a little closer to restaurants and Union Square. A long uphill walk for someone on a cane. The hotel staff was great! and booked all of our tours. We enjoyed the continental breakfast and happy hour. We would recommend and stay again. Good price.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelkelly
<Content>Great value and location We stayed at the Beresford Arms hotel for 4 nights and were very pleased with the location and the hotel itself. It is a short 10 minute walk to Union Square and Market Street, and another 10 perhaps to ChinaTown. The hotel itself is in the historic district, and has with some very interesting architecture. Our large room was on the 8th floor and had two large windows that open, a desk and extra chairs, and a bar refrigerator in the room. Beresford Arms is charming , clean and the staff was very accommodating. The staff nicely provided us with extra pillows, and kept our room spotlessly clean. The front desk people were always pleasant and helpful. The price for our superior room averaged $135 per night and included coffee, tea, hot cocoa, fresh fruit and breakfast pastries, all available in the front lobby each morning. The lobby itself is quite large, with big windows and lots of little tables and chairs set up for relaxed reading, snacking, or meeting other guests. Two computers are available for your use at no charge in the lobby. We would recommend Beresford Arms again for someone looking for affordable, clean and comfortable accommodations. We used it as our base for daily outings and used the cable cars, buses and walked everywhere for the 5 days we were there.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>downisthenewup
<Content>Charming Clean, charming, and great location. That was all we were looking for in a hotel, and we got it at Beresford Arms. After doing a wearying search through Hotels.com, Orbitz, etc. we were deciding between this place and a place across the street, the Fitzgerald (we decided on BA after reading about the bed bugs at F... yikes).The prices are fair, average really, considering all hotels in the Union Square area aren't cheap to begin with. The location, as I said, was fabulous. We walked to/from the hotel at all hours of the night and day and had no problems. (Weekend nights seem safest, since all the tourists/night owls are still out and about well past midnight). The trains, bus lines, and shopping center are all within 3-4 blocks, and there are about a dozen little restaurants and stores to choose from within a 2-3 block area (for less than $20 a meal, the Thai place across the street had surprisingly decent food). As for the hotel itself, yes, there is a bit of a funky/musty smell in the lobby and hallways, but if you've ever stepped foot into an older apartment complex or non-renovated home, you shouldn't be too alarmed. There were absolutely NO musty odors in our suite (it actually smelled very good) so I have nothing to complain about there. Our room was extremely large, the bathroom spacious and clean, and the beds very comfortable. The honor bar prices are very decent (cheaper than the liquor store's). I really can't say enough about this hotel. Maybe it's just me because I was really looking for an older, European-style hotel with a lot of charm, but something about this place just makes me want to go back and spend a week there. I guess it had a lot to do with the FANTASTIC view of the tops of all the buildings from our windows. We totally spent every morning and night gazing out. (We also had a great view of two hippie-types who were camping out on the rooftop of a smaller hotel next to ours. Far out.) Not to mention the breakfast pastries and coffee every morning in the lobby, as well as the wine/cheese hour in the afternoons! I'm sure there are other hotels with as much charm as this one (and I'll probably be checking one of those out next time I go to SF) but for our first time in the city, this was a great choice.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>efjhells
<Content>Hotel from the 1970s We booked this hotel having had difficulty finding accommodation in San Francisco for our family of 5 (why is it family rooms aren't included in internet searches?). The hotel website looked basic but good, reviews were ok on this website and we confirmed direct with the hotel that there were enough beds and room for a family of 5 to comfortably stay for a few nights at $360 per night.On arrival, the staff were very friendly and helpful although the with the Bell Porter wearing a tee-shirt it kind of set the level this hotel operates at. The reception desk is old fashioned and in desperate need of a makeover (as is the whole place) but the worst thing about the initial impression of this place was the smell - old and stale. Awful.The room wasn't much better - although the size and number of beds were excellent (2 queens and a pull-down queen). However, the carpet had long since seen better days, with stains and holes, the place was dusty, the windows and window ledges were filthy, the plastic pull down blinds were dirty and some torn, the net curtains (yes I did say that) could also have done with a wash - generally very shabby. The bathroom and bedding was all clean however.The kitchenette was functional - just. The sink was next to the electric old fashioned ring hob (no health and safety then) and the ring elements were loose - bearing the electric contacts. Nice in a family room that. The fridge was working and stocked with the basics - beer, juices and water.Worst of all, however, was the single-glaze windows letting in all the noise outside from Jones and Post Street. No chance of a lie in past 5 am if you're a light sleeper - plus there was no heating or air con available - making the room cold at night and stuffy in the day.Internet was a joke - a hint of a wireless net in the room that my phone and lappie detected occasionally but as the hotel didn't provide any info I don't even know if it was the hotels net. There were 2 internet machines in the main lobby, but they were restricted software-wise (so searches on expedia, for instance, were not possible on one of them) and the browser was an ancient version of Firefox or something - the screen size was all messed up anyway so you couldn't see the full web pages.Breakfast - served up fruit and pastries in the main lobby out of plastic tupperware. We didn't bother. Nor did we hang around for the wine, cheese and crackers at 4.30.Needless to say that we checked out early the next day and walked down the street to a modern hotel (there are plenty to choose from on Post Street) and got a room for $140 per night cheaper with all the mod cons, clean and with food that we dared feed our kids. If you're on a budget, backpacking, or just a sucker for old retro places then have at it. If you're after a modern, clean place to enjoy with your family then give this place a wide berth.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	4	1	

<Author>Fortcollinsrose
<Content>Old but nice We stayed for 7 nights in August. We had a room on the top floor. The room needs updating but the beds were very comfy. Breakfast was fine, when they offered apples or bananas we would take an extra one for a late morning snack. After enjoying the cheese and crackers one night we started eating a late lunch and then for supper had the cheese and crackers. The microwave came in handy for warming up leftovers when the cheese and crackers weren't enough. The staff was friendly. The only thing that irritated us was that the free internet connection seemed to break down frequently. The day we wanted to print out our boarding passes the internet was working and I thought I printed the boarding passes, but the two persons behind the desk said it wasn't working. Theyinformed us that we either had to go the internet coffee shop or to their sister hotel. We went to the sister hotel and got them printed off there. The next day at check out our boarding papers were there.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>dysan1
<Content>Decent but very noisy We stayed at this hotel in July for two days. We enjoyed the location of the hotel (5 minutes from Union Square). The breakfast was nice. We really liked the wine and cheese in the afternoon. The room was clean and spacious. The major problem was the noise. We were given a room on the second floor. You could hear extremely loud street noise until late at night. People outside on the sidewalk talking and screaming plus cars, buses prevented sleep. It was the noisiest room I've stayed at in a long time. I don't ask for much as a traveller. A clean and quiet room in a decent location is all I need. We switched rooms for the second night and moved to a higher floor. We were satisfied with the noise level the second night. Overall, I would stay at this hotel again but not at a lower room facing the street.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>eesneverappy
<Content>Value for Money and a touch of faded style We checked some web-sites to get a good price and then contacted the hotel. They were happy to go with that price.We arrived at about 12:00 midnight, but check-in was easy. We were allocated a first-floor room next to the lift. We thought it might be noisy, but it was very quiet. The room was clean and very large with a seperate kitchen.The view was less than wonderful, unless you have an interest in bricks - The view was of a wall about 6 feet away!Breakfast is enough to set you up for the day, and wine and cheese in the afternoon is an added bonus.Location is pretty good. A tip for tourists: If you want to get a ride on the cable cars, you don't need to queue at the cable car stations for hours to buy tickets, you can buy the Muni passes at the drug store (Walgreaves?). If you get the bus up to Nob Hill area, we found that you could get onto the Cable car without queuing.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>moruya2
<Content>Value for Money       The Bresford Arms  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>raginasian238
<Content>A decent value in SF This hotel was very reasonably priced compared to many other places in SF. The hotel is a Victorian-style place; all the furnishings and decor are older. However, the standard room was very small. The bathroom was even smaller. If you are traveling with someone, I recommend booking one of the suites, as it will probably be more roomy. There was an honor bar in our room, which was very reasonably priced ($2 for a beer, which is way cheap). The wireless internet did not work very well, and neither did the television, which was irritating, but I didn't spend much time in the room anyway (and neither should anyone who visits this city). There is no on-site parking, so the hotel offers valet service with a separate company down the street. With tax, it was about $28/day, and it was about a 15 minute wait for my car. The hotel was within walking distance to Union Square and Chinatown. I also walked from the hotel to Fisherman's Wharf, the Ferry Plaza Market (by the Bay Bridge), and North Beach, but I don't recommend walking to those places if you have bad knees or tire easily - the streets can be challenging! A cab from the hotel to ATT Park was very reasonable, at about $8. This hotel also offers breakfast, as well as a wine and cheese hour from 4:30-5. If you're looking for a reasonably priced place to sleep, check out this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Archie24
<Content>Great location, quirky service, would stay again The Beresford is in a great location for all sites, near Union Square and walkable (if you're reasonably healthy) to most of the major attractions - or a short taxi/tram ride if you're not.Breakfast basic - muffins, fruit, croissants plus juice and coffee - but more than enough to set you up for the uphill walking. Free internet in the lobby too which was useful. Room was decent size and clean, but on Post Street itself which made it a bit noisy.If you're tired after tramping the streets of San Fran all day, there's a fantastic Indonesian restaurant on the corner directly opposite the hotel called Borobudur - we had to book a table in the end as it's so busy every night. Also burgers, good Thai and excellent sushi within 1 min walk of the entrance - all on Post Street. If you walk round the corner and a couple of blocks down the hill on Jones, that area can get a bit seedy at night - but nothing to put you off booking.The reception staff are generally very helpful although can be a bit impatient at times. Overall, we'd stay here again if we come back to San Francisco, which is a great city.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>downtown-trojan
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed at the Beresford for a recent business trip to SF. The room was way nicer than I expected for the low price that I paid. Was real close to Union Square so that was a plus. Liked the old victorian building with the current day amenities. The staff was great and I would definately stay here on my next personal trip to SF.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>codavaughn
<Content>Great hotel, location, rooms and staff Just returned from a trip to San Francisco. I found the Beresford Arms on this website,and it has to be said the hotel is a find. The rooms are huge, good breakfast included and you are literally a 5 minute walk from Union Square, Macys, Westfield centre etc (which means your by the tram/bus stops and can get to fisherman's wharf, embarcado, etc). To put things in perspective, on the final night of our time in San Fran switched to the Hotel Stratford on union square as we had an early morning bus to catch. The room was the same price but was a fifth of the size (very very very small room), and surrounded by tramps in the evening. If you want a cheap hotel that is a good location, good rooms, etc etc, cannot recommend it highly enough!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Wisconsinhiker11
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price in a big city We stayed at Beresford Arms four nights while we were tourists in San Francisco. I was immediately impressed by the helpfulness of the staff, beautiful decor, and huge room (we had in internet special price). The neighborhood is pretty good- especially because of the multitude of Thai and Indonesian restaurants within a block. Just don't go walking toward Market St. after 11pm- things were a bit shady. It is close to public transportation, and we never had to walk more than four blocks to find a bus or cable car. There is one bus stop right across the street. The room was extremely clean, very big, and the bathroom was enormous. There was a little wet bar with plenty of counter space. Not too many TV channels, but that doesn't really matter when you're in SF. Our room was right on the fire escape which worried me a little at first, but all the windows had chain locks on them so you can even open them at night and still feel safe (though we did not open the windows at night- the hotel was very good about temperature control, and it only got a little warm in our room the day it was 87 degrees). The breakfast is really sparse, unless you like just eating pastries for breakfast, though they had fresh fruit too which was a nice touch. Only coffee to drink though. Overall, I was really amazed at the quality of this property for the price we paid per night. It is really a gem.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Probosco
<Content>Great location, needs a bit of work My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in May around Memorial Day. Overall the room was nice with a very comfortable bed. The continental breakfast is nice, and the wine and cheese every night is a good touch. Staff was receptive and helpful, but seemed a little distracted. However, there were a few things that needed a little work. The bathtub was probably the biggest issue in the room. After 5 min in the shower there would be 2-3 inches of water around your feet. We mentioned this to the front desk 2x, and on day 3 someone finally came to look at it....and poured DranO down the drain. This didn't work, but we resigned ourselves to standing in bathwater while taking a shower. It also seemed the room had not been thoroghly cleaned before we arrived; there was dust in the corners, and some snipped wires laying on the floor by one bed. The wallpaper was peeling, and hanging off the wall in the bathroom; and for an advertised junior suite, it just brought down the overall ambiance of the room. Granted these were little things, but you would think that if you are paying for a suite, you would hope the little things would be taken care of. I would recommend it for people who want to be close to Union Sq, and do not plan on spending much time at the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>gostling
<Content>Comfortable Tourist class hotel My wife and I spent 1 night at this hotel on our first stay in this wonderful city. It is conveniently located for tourists with a cable car stop nearby and within easy walking distance of Union Square.There was no doorman to help us get our luggage from the cab into the hotel but our check in was easy and quick. The receptionist found a room ready for us even though we arrived quite early. There was a cheerful and friendly bell hop on hand so we did get help taking our luggage to the room.The room was very clean and comfortable and of adequate size. The TV worked after I fixed a loose signal cable connection but reception was still poor on some stations. (But hey! I did not visist this beautiful city to watch TV.)The room was not air conditioned. Probably not a problem with the local climate when it is normal. However, it so happened that our visit coincided with a heat wave and temperatures topping 90 degrees. Fortunately there was a large portable fan in the room which did help keep us comfortable.The hotel provides a complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby which was OK but nothing to get excited about. There is no restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty to choose from nearby.We only had 24 hours at the hotel but due to it's convenient location we were able to see lots of the central parts of the City, Fishermans Wharf and take a boat trip round the bay.While the hotel has a slightly tired look and feel about it the staff were friendly and helpful and our room fine for a one night stay. In summary, I would be happy to recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced tourist class hotel in a central and convenient location.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Big_Rich_Sheffield
<Content>quaint and quirky A cracking hotel about 5 minutes from Union Square, plenty of fresh fruit and pastries for breakfast and a nice touch at 4.30pm when complimentary wine, cheese and crackers are served (plus fruit juice for the kids), the hotel is not new but the rooms look lived in rather than shabby. The staff were very knowledgable, courteous and helpful - would certainly return !  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sachi-san
<Content>Late review, but still recommend the Beresford! The Beresford is a great option if you want a nice, affordable location near Union Square. The staff was extremely helpful, and the room was very clean, comfortable, and well-appointed. Breakfast is minimal, but the afternoon wine hour is a lovely touch. I can't say this hotel would be a great value at full price, but if you can find a special deal or take advantage of lower mid-week rates, it is an excellent value for a hotel in the heart of the city. A couple of reviews have mentioned the Beresford's proximity to the sketchy Tenderloin district, but just be wise and don't walk around west of the hotel after dark. We did and didn't feel unsafe, but it's a smart precaution to take.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>airbusser
<Content>Great Location Older hotel, a bit run down... but in a great location for launching your day in SF. We stayed there for a weekend, no problems at all. Enjoyed the free breakfast in the morning to get your day started.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Stina76
<Content>Very Satisfied       Beresford Arms Building  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carol0506
<Content>Old World Charm We returned yesterday after a week's stay and the Beresford Arms would be our first choice on a return trip.A charming hotel with tons of character. Great shower, comfortable bed. The breakfast was great with plenty of fruit that was replinished over the 3 hours. The wine and cheese was a lovely touch that allowed us to regroup and re-energise before heading out into the evening.Within walking distance to all the best shopping and famous districts. 4 main bus routes ran infront of the hotel.The cheapest minibar that I have ever encountered.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Claire55812
<Content>I liked the Beresford Arms I really liked the Beresford Arms. My room was a nice size, it was clean, it was quiet. Breakfast was really good: pastries and fruit, with tea. The rooms did not have internet access, but there were 2 computers downstairs in the pleasant lobby area, and there's a bar, where for the price of a drink, you can check your email on your laptop -- you have to pay if you use their computers. I loved the neighborhood, about 4 blocks from Union Sq. Close to the tourist and shopping area, but not too close. It's a colorful area, with lots of great restaurants and bars. I'd stay again at this hotel, I really thought it was good value for the $$.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keijo
<Content>average in all respects stayed there for 8 nights. clean, if a bit run-down hotel. good location, few blocks up from union square. breakfast was minimal; day-old pastries, fresh fruit and coffee. wlan did not work properly except on the first day. good value for money though.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>hasherdoug
<Content>Great hotel great location We stayed at the Beresford Arms for four nights including New Years Eve. Could not have asked for more from a budget hotel in the Union Square area.. The location is great, about four blocks from Union Square. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Very clean and comfortable rooms, if a bit old-fashioned. The breakfast is fine i.e. not great but there was usually a good assortment of fruit and pastries and excellent coffee. The wine reception was so nice to come back to in the late afternnon. It involved more or less all the wine you cared to drink. We were at the Beresford Arms for New Years Eve and while there was nothing much going on in the hotel the lobby was decorated and we found champage and party favours in our room (no charge) - a very nice touch. We have stayed previously at the King George and the Andrews - no comparison at all, really.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelKings
<Content>Quaint Old World - Great Staff! I looked up the hotel on trip advisor and saw mostly good comments about the hotel. I was in San Fran during the Oracle Open World convention and like a dummy booked my hotel late. So if I was willing to pay $550 a night for the Hilton I could have. But, after a bit of research I found the Beresford Arms.The Hilton it is not, but it makes it up in large rooms with a kitchen, a bathroom with a whirlpool tub, free breakfast, and free wine and cheese in the afternoon. Additionally, the staff went out of it's way to make sure I had everything I needed.The rooms could use some updating, but I think it adds a bit of old world charm. If they were to do just one thing it might be to put tile down in the bathroom and get ride of the linoleum. What to lookout for: The street noise is a bit loud. With the old world charm comes thin windows. I recommend ear plugs if you are on the lower floors.Book a shuttle at the desk it is a few bucks cheaper than Super Shuttle.If you don't mind the small things listed above it is a clean hotel with a great staff willing to take care of you.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CheekiTiki
<Content>Great except for one thing Just got back from a weekend stay at the Beresford Arms (11/9-11/11). The hotel is located on a street filled with Thai and Asian restaurants. Right next door is a youth hostel, so there are a lot of student travelers walking around the immediate area. You are just a few blocks from Union Square and surrounded by some very colorful local bars and eateries. The Bart is maybe four blocks away.The hotel has a wine and cheese happy hour each evening (you might want to avoid the wine) and a complimentary continental breakfast in the morning, which was nice for little fuel and go-go juice to on your way to a real breakfast (Dottie's).We stayed in room 815, which straddles the elevator. We were hesitant at first that the elevator would cause a lot of noise, but it really did not. The hotel is small, so there wasn't a lot of foot traffic to the elevator and you can barely hear an electric buzz when the elevator is moving. If you have a window open for fresh air, the sounds from outside will cover up what little elevator noise there is. What did bug us was this noise from what the front desk said was the radiator system turning on to heat the hotel late at night or early morning...like 5 AM. I don't know if it is the dated system trying to get going of if someone was hitting a pipe with a hammer, but be ready for some serious clanging when the heating system starts up. It is loud and sounds like it is right above you. This might be a good reason to pass on room 815.The room itself was huge with two beds, a small kitchen, and spacious bathroom with a jacuzzi tub that we did not use...oh and a bidet too... There is a junior sized refrigerator filled with beverages that are really priced reasonably if you need to hit the honor bar. Beers were $2.25 and bottled water was $1.25. Overall it was a good stay. The lobby computers for internet access were handy and the location were great, but that clanging from the radiator system knocks a little shine off of the hotel's luster. And note that if you want a hair dryer, they are at the front desk - umbrellas too if you need one.One spot to try is Pearl's Burgers right across the street from the hotel. This place is on the local's SFGate site for bargain eats in the city ([--]) that my cousin pointed me to. While we were there the place was always full and so we gave it a shot. It's great for some comfort food after a night on the town.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>arnb
<Content>Great Stay- Great Location- Great Hotel Stayed on November 2-4. Celebrated a friends birthday with 6 people. Reserved a suite which has 2 queen beds and a murphy bed. Very nice room, clean, small kitchen. Best of all was the location and price. just a couple of minutes walk to union square and some great restaurants. The neighborhood was not bad at all. Felt very safe there. Breakfast was fine . Overall, i highly recommend this hotel for it's location and price.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wagr
<Content>Great Budget Priced Hotel in San Francisco This is a very nice, inexpensive (for San Francisco) hotel. I spent one night there recently and was pleasantly surprised at the charming lobby and very clean room. I paid $139.00 per night, including taxes. Wine and cheese were available in the lobby in the late afternoo, at no additional charge. A continental breakfast was also included although I did not try it. The hotel is located just three blocks from Union Square and is about 7 blocks from the BART. I was there on business but observed several tourists seemingly getting good assistance at the front desk. The staff were very pleasant. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RufusMarshall
<Content>Above Average Stayed for 2 nights in a family suite.Pros - Large  clean room, comfortable bed, very good service, free breakfast  afternoon wine/cheese, extremely reasonable honour bar prices in room, proximity to Union Square, lots of options for dining in the immediate area (be it restaurants, take-away's or convinience stores), reasonable rates compared to similar hotels in the area.Cons - noise from street  adjacent rooms noticeable but got used to it.Overall a very nice hotel providing good service in a good location at reasonable rates. Would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BudgetFrog
<Content>Good value Found the room in this hotel to be clean although the lobby did have a slight smell of urine (Not in rooms). Asked for an upgrade on booking and received a room with two king beds and ample room; room with single king bed is alot smaller. Room clean although bathroom a bit tired. Bed comfortable, no air con but fan provided (bit noisy), no view. Staff helpful but not overly friendly. Breakfast provided - pastries, muffins, fresh fruit, nice coffee. Served in pleasant area. Wine and cheese also complimentary in afternoons but we didnt partake.Location was handy - short walk downhill to Union Square and cable cars ($5 to travel one way eg to Fishermans Wharf). Convenience store just over road and also very nice Thai restaurant. Super Shuttle from airport was $20 ($16 + tip).Booked through travel agent but had found good internet special so booked that ($119/night). Be aware that rate is in US dollars and does not include tax. Parking is expensive at hotel - we picked up rental car after stay in San Fran - public transport is readily available. Avis is one block down Post st. Able to leave luggage at front desk on day of check out and retreive later in day.Overall positive experience.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>therudolphs
<Content>Personal service and great location       Our snapshot of the Beresford Arms  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>No1Struggler
<Content>Customer Service wins at BA Hotel - Long-winded Left my wallet at the Burbank Airport Terminal on my way to San Fran for a weekend getaway.. I returned to the airport on a Monday only to learn that SW had fedex'd it [not overnight like i had requested]My wallet conveniently arrived at the BA Hotel that Tuesday and they called to notify. Fedex advised that I couldn't schedule a pickup without an account so I asked Bob if he could take the wallet , repackage and send to me. Bob agreed without hesitation however it would have to wait until the other person came in to relieve him.I got a call back from David, who confirmed that he sent the package. He said that he couldn't pay with my CC so he used the company card and they would charge me through the hotel system. Furthermore, two maintenance issues that came up during our stay [one issue we notified the hotel of, the other was fixed before we said anything] were taken care of promptly.For a bargain hotel in the middle of downtown that is still pricey for what it is [what hotel isn't in that vicinity], their handling of customer service is superb. They do not let their slightly outdated hotel serve as an excuse to provide outdated customer service. I travel frequently for work and, by nature, have frequent bizarre mishaps that require extra service from hotels - I was pleasantly surprised that the BA Hotel matched the service many other chain hotels. They still provide a nice afternoon social hour and complimentry pastries/coffees for breakfast if you're on the run, on a budget, or insist on getting your money's worth. There is a great breakfast/lunch place one block east at Taylor, The Crepe House.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	-1	2	4	

<Author>OregonTraveler7
<Content>Spacious Room! Our family of 4 stayed in a Parlor Suite. We were there with two other families, who also had Parlor Suites. The Suites were great! The bedroom had two very comfortable queen beds and the living room had a comfy murphy bed. Lots of closet space, although more hangers would have been good. Lots of drawers to store your stuff if you don't like living out of a suitcase. We didn't use the kitchen for any cooking, but it was definitely nice to have the fridge and freezer for storing stuff and the microwave to heat up left overs. The honor bar prices were very reasonable. The bathroom was HUGE, with a great jacuzzi tub/shower and two sinks at the counter. Our bathroom didn't have any under counter storage, but our friends' rooms did. The continental breakfast was a nice starter. There is a little convencience store across the street to get some milk, yogurt, cereal, fruit, etc. if you want more. Across the street is a delicious Italian restaurant and wonderful Thai restaurant!We would definitely consider staying there again if we ever return to San Fran.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>GuyInCT
<Content>Good location, fine hotel for the price Close to Union Square, clean, inexpensive, full of old San Francisco charm, but definitely not a luxury hotel. However, if you expect to be active and looking for a decent, inexpensive place to crash, you can't go wrong.Within walking distance to the cable car, China Town, Union Square, and Little Italy (a bit longer walk).A quaint little restaurant - which is not bad for a hotel restaurant - serves a free continental breakfast in the morning.Two important notes:- No airconditioning. With the mild San Francisco summers and breezes coming through the large double-hung windows this is generally not a problem - unless you hit a heatwave. The hotel puts a large floor fan in each room.- Pretty noisy during the day (starting around 6am) on the street side. Unfortunately, the best rooms are on the street side. So I guess the moral of the story is, this is a great hotel for active tourists, not so great for late sleepers.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MKEA98
<Content>Good price, clean place, decent location, too close to shady neighborhood though Stayed there for 7 days. The hotel was definitely a decent price. The place was very clean. It definitely had an old look to it - older furniture, 1 old looking elevator, the vending machines had coke/sprite cans from the 80s. Checking in and out was a breeze. On the plus side, we got there a little after noon, and our room was ready right away, which was nice. There's 2 computers in the lobby, which was nice for checking email or websites. The continental breakfast is only pastries, croissaints, fruit, coffee, and tea. It's good for grabbing something in the morning if you're off to be somewhere early. But if you're looking for more of a breakfast meal, you'd need to go elsewhere. A place called Dottie's True Blue Cafe is not far from there, and had a great breakfast - you just have to wait in line for a while though!!! We waited about 45 mins.They had a wine and cheese hour everyday. We managed to make it there for one time. It was really cute. They had red and white wines, and crackers and various cheeses. There was also cookies and tea.A very big downside to the hotel was there were about 5 TV channels in our room. While we're not on vacation to just stay in the room and watch TV, at night when we got back, we did want to relax and maybe be able to watch something good/have a selection. I'm a huge TV person. I believe they basically got NBC, CBS, ABC, Fox, CW, Disney, ESPN, and Encore. Definitely not much of a selection.Even though San Fran is a breezy, cool area, the hotel was a bit stuffy (there's no AC). We slept with our windows open every night, and it was still stuffy. At least on the 2nd day, we found a fan in our closet, which we definitely used for the rest of the time there, which made it a little better. The windows had no screens on them so I was worried about getting bugs in the room, but I must admit, I did not see one bug in our room during our stay, with the windows wide open. We had requested a room away from Post St - because the rooms that face Post are noisier. They honored our request, and I believe we were facing a courtyard. The only bad thing was the first day or two there, we heard some people yelling loudly, singing loudly, etc. We figured the noise must have been coming from a hostel which was located next door to our hotel. It was a close distance to the heart of Union Square, and the cable car turnaround. However, I did feel extremely uncomfortable at night when returning to the hotel. The seedy Tenderloin district is only blocks away, so there's definitely strange people and a lot of homeless hanging around at night. Plus, one night when we took the bus back to the area, the block we had to get off at to walk up to the hotel was even closer to the Tenderloin, and there were some shady people hanging out, so that was scary. I read a few travel books, and usually they mentioned when a hotel was too close to the Tenderloin. None of the books mentioned this as being very close to it, so I figured it'd be ok. I wish they would've said that while it was safe there, it is somewhat close to it so it can be a bit creepy. I found as we walked more towards the wharf when we were sightseeing, there was less and less homeless to deal with. By our hotel there were tons of homeless, so that was definitely annoying.There really weren't too many food places right there, another downside. At times we were exhausted after being out all day, and would want to grab something to eat close to the hotel. But due to the fact that there wasn't a huge selection of places to go around by the hotel, we just ate at places in the other neighborhoods which we were at for the day, like North Beach, the Wharf, etc. There was a little mini-mart type of store across the street, which was great for grabbing a bag of chips or snacks. Getting around was definitely easy, so that was a plus. We were not too far from the cable cars or F line or the bus, so that was good. However, San Fran is a pretty small city, so getting around from anywhere probably isn't difficult. Basically, if you're on a budget, not into being around a bunch of tourists, just want a clean place and bed to sleep in, then this would be a good place. The place is nice, but I think I'm someone who's more into newer hotels. Personally, next time I go, I'd probably stay by the Wharf. There are more tourists there, and considering I am a tourist, I'd rather be around more people like myself. Plus, there's more places near the wharf for tourists, like fast food places if you need to grab a quick bite to eat.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Curious27
<Content>Great Place to stay My husband, myself and our two teenage children just spend 4 great nights at this hotel. It is old but well maintain and clean with lots of character. It is centrally located within walking distance of Union Square, China Town and the Cable Cars. I found the rooms large, ours had what was called a wet bar which meant there was a sink, small fridge, microwave and even a toaster. I found the toaster handy as the continental breakfast was pastries and fruit. My teenagers loved the pastries. They offer wine and cheese in the lobby each afternoon which was wonderful for re-grouping and meeting other travellers. We had a room on the street side and the street noise starts early but is nothing more than city noise. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to SF.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>asarahw
<Content>CREEPY Bellman, Very Agressive Be Careful...but nice, clean hotel nice, clean hotel. centrally located to a lot. however, as a single woman traveling I was very disturbed by the bellman's behavior. Marvin was very helpful while checking me in. when I ran into him on the street one day he practically strong armed me to dinner. he was very, very aggressive. from that point on I really tried to stay away and make all contact brief and professional. I didn't want to c complain because it was a month long stay for me. Marvin even knocked on my room's door, completely un-ivited. he said that if i needed him for anything he was there for me. Eewwww! even while checking my email in the lobby he would hover. i quickly realized that I needed to be unfriendly and that seemed to work. so this was my only issue with my stay. i'm sure he hits on all women traveling alone. Gross! sad becasue the hotel was lovely and very clean. good bargain too. just be careful of MARVIN.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	5	3	3	5	5	1	4	

<Author>gables79
<Content>Good value for price! The Beresford Arms is an older hotel near Union Square which has been very well maintained. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Buildings.The rooms are large by San Francisco standards. We stayed in a queen/queen junior suite complete with full kitchen (which we did not use) and a large bathroom with double sinks and whirlpool bath. The bathroom while clean would benefit from an upgrade. The furniture was fine and overall the room was very clean. One significant downside is the fact that the hotel does not have air conditioning. Despite our being in a room facing the courtyard (a must) we still had significant street noise from sirens and people singing in the streets. The room would benefit from a ceiling fan to help cool the room and circulate the air (a window fan is available). Overall, this is a good find for the price. I would caution families traveling with very small children. The hotel is in a fringe area. Just 2-3 blocks west and you are in a less savory area. Then again, 2 blocks south and you are in the middle of Union Square staring at Macy's!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ILUVFOOD
<Content>Never stayed..But, they like to charge you anyway! Booked this hotel back in February for a May visit. They gave us a confirmation number. Called and cancelled on 3/13 and asked for a cancellation number..They said they don't use them, but assured me that it would be cancelled. This month, the charge appeared on my MasterCard! Nice, huh  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>mynewalias
<Content>Great find! The BAH is an older, elegant Hotel close to Union Square.The rooms are spacious with kingsize beds, kitchenette, bath and jacuzzi.Everything is very clean.The hotel is an old er one, so the decor is elegant-old-fashioned, which I found nice.They offer a self-service breakfast of fruits as well as croissants/bagels and coffee/tee in the lounge as well as free internet - access on 2 computers.I would definateley stay there again any time.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ksabbeth
<Content>Bereford Arms Was Lovely I highly recommend the Bereseford Arms in San Francisco. It is downtown, just a few blocks from Union Square and within walking distance of SFMoma and great restaurants. Actually, there's a great Indonesian restaurant directly across the street on Post Road.My room was on the small side, and there was a shower instead of a bath, but the shower included a foot-massage-jacuzzi, and the room was tastefully adorned, with perfect clean fluffy towels. Also, the staff was nice, and the lobby was great. They serve wine and cheese and tea in the afternoons for a little over an hour and are not at all stingy but rather keep trying to refill your wine glasses. The lobby includes two computers with internet access, available for guest use without charge. In many ways, the hotel interior felt a little old-fashioned but in a really nice way. My room was $119 with AAA.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nmsoonergirl
<Content>Fine place to stay for th eprice We stayed here for a weekend girl's trip. It is definitely an older hotel, but our room had two pretty comfy queen beds, a kitchenette, and a jacuzzi tub. The rooms were old and a little rough around the edges, but spacious and most importantly: clean. I was in a room not facing the street, and it was very quiet. Our friends were in a room facing the street, so they had quite a bit of street noise, and they complained about water pipe noise as well, which we didn't hear. The have two free computers in the lobby, plus WIFI and comfy chairs in the lobby. Breakfast was nice (donuts, pasty, fruit, coffee, tea) but won't wow you. (There is a tasty crepery down the street). The wine in the afternoons is a nice touch, and they even let me take my glass upstairs so I could drink wine and soak in the jacuzzi tub. Oh, the honor bar prices were very reasonable, as well.The location was great for us. We took Bart from Oakland airport to the Powell street station, then walked to the hotel (we each only had a small bag). We had no trouble walking to the Ferry Building Farmer's market, chinatown, or fisherman's wharf from the hotel. There are plenty of bus stops nearby, for those who aren't walkers. We ran into some panhandlers when we were walking around at night, but we never felt unsafe.Cons: I don't think they have air conditioners, which could ba a problem sometimes (we kept our window open all night in early march to keep a breeze going), the staff wasn't terribly friendly, but they weren't bad. If I was going to San Fran for a fancy smancy romantic weekend, I might choose a different hotel, but this place was a very good choice for a weekend with friends.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>travelgirlOH
<Content>Great hotel - highly recommend! My mom and I stayed in Beresford Arms last August and we really enjoyed it. It is older hotel but very clean and staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was big, with little kitchen (full size fridge, oven and microwave!). Bathroom was huge, too. Shower had great massaging shower head - great body relief after all day sightseeing. You could book your tours through hotel if you want, but I booked ours before our trip to San Francisco via Internet. I walked to Chinatown from this hotel - about 10-15 min, and I didn't feel this walk was dangerous at 9 p.m. We also walked from the hotel all the way to Fisherman's Wharf - quite a walk, but very pleasant! Union square is just a couple of minutes away, too.Every morning we had delicious breakfast in the lobby - lots of fruits, pastries, muffins, etc. I liked their coffee and tea, too. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family - if you are not too picky about staying in older hotel, this is a great place to rest your bones after full day of sightseeing. TravelgirlOH  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>furias3
<Content>Agree, it's a great value. Yes, it is an older hotel and it shows in some of the rooms with some nicked furniture and somewhat smaller rooms, but it was all very clean and you would be hard pressed to be the location and rate. The lobby is small by very nicely appointed with many conversation areas, we loved the nightly wine and cheese gatherings as it gave us a chance to relax inbetween outings and meet other people, the matching continental breakfast is also very pleasant. The staff was very friendly and helpful with out questions about touring the city.Our room was initially on the 6th floor facing Post, avoid this if you can as it tends to have a great deal of traffic noise, we asked and were moved to the back of the hotel without any problems. The room had 2 queen beds, a small sitting area and closet, dresser, entertainment console which held the TV and small mini bar (which is great for stocking your own beverages, there is a small market across the street). The bath had an enclosed tub with double sink vanity, there is no hair dryer but plenty of soaps, shampoos and conditioner. There is no air conditioning but the days and nights were very cool and we were never uncomfortable.It is only 4 short blocks to Union Square and from there you can get to anyplace in the city.We greatly enjoyed our staff and would visit again!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SmallTownGAGirl
<Content>Very pleased! My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in September along with my parents. We are in our mid 40's and my parents are in their mid 60's. We were VERY pleasantly surprised with this hotel. We didn't request rooms together but they very considerately had already assigned them to us. Our rooms were clean and well appointed. The room my husband and I stayed in had a walk in closet, a kitchenette and a large deep tub. We got our rooms for $99.00 a night! The rooms weren't air conditioned and it was a little warm for us since we had such beautiful September weather. They did provide fans though so it was fine at night. We are both very hot natured and had been concerned about that - but it really wasn't much of a problem and from what I've heard about typical San Francisco weather it is probably unusual to be hot at all. There was a free continental breakfast and coffee in the mornings and a computer available for free in the lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful in giving us directions and the location was great. We didn't have a car so we either walked or took a cab everywhere we went. The only problem I had was the walking directions from the BART station where very hard for me to figure out. Plus - with luggage that's a pretty long walk up a few steep hills. I would recommend grabbing a cab if you're coming from BART - I think it was less then $10 with the tip - and well worth it!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicglecar
<Content>A Great Find My wife and i stayed at this hotel 13-15 Oct 2006. We arrived much earlier than the allocated check in time ,but this was no problem as the very helpful staff booked us in straight away. We were very satified with our room-plenty of space,full kitchen,loads of hanging space,good sized bed and very clean.Although on a main road nighttime noise was not overly intrusive.A five minute walk to union square with all it's attractions was an added bonus.For those more adventurous the walk to fishermans wharf is pretty tough but the stunning views make it very worthwhile. Be warned though that if you go via jones st. this has three of the ten steepest hills in the city! A nice touch at the hotel is the afternoon cheese and wine gathering which is complimentary and a good place to exchange experiences with other guests. The fridge in the room was well stocked with alcoholic and soft drinks that we found to be very reasonably priced. We had dinner at the sister hotel just around the corner and found it to be very good.Go early though,you are unlikely to be seated after 9.00 p m All in all a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>HoustonPrincess
<Content>Excellent Location and Good Rate I have been to San Franscisco many times. I found this hotel from reading Frommer's book. We stayed 2 nights and it was not a bad experience at all. The location is very good and walkable to the Chinatown and the cable cars to go to other places. We did not have any problems walking out at night and found some nice restaurants nearby in the evening. Overall, the hotel was good. If you are not so picky and like some comfort and quaint elegance, this is a great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>skywagon180
<Content>The Beresford is how I define value Like you I've stayed in a lot of places looking for that inexpensive place that is pleasant to stay in. You don't spend many waking hours in a hotel. Why overspend for it? Many of them I picked from guide book recommendations - and after you check in, you wonder if the hotel was paying off the book publisher. I picked the Beresford after reading on-line reviews. That seems to work. You won't mistake the Beresford for a five star hotel, but it is a five star value. If you can afford $500 a night, there are better, and better located, places in San Francisco. But we liked the Beresford. It was a pleasant suprise. It was clean, roomy, well appointed and comfortable. We had a quiet room with 2 queen beds and we used their valet parking - for a few dollars less than $200 total per day. In downtown San Francisco - that's how I define value.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vececo
<Content>Hotel Beresford Arms - excelent price performance       Room  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkrafty
<Content>Stayed for a Family Wedding We traveled from Minnesota to San Francisco for my daughters wedding. Most of the guests stayed at the Beresford Arms, we were able to secure reasonable rates for all the travelers. The staff was very helpful in getting us transportation whenever needed and usually within short notice. The continental breakfast was great especially as we were always on a tight schedule. All of the guests that were part of our reservation received white roses in their rooms as a thank-you was a nice touch. We stayed in the parlour suite and had plenty of room to prepare for all the wedding activites. The hotel was within walking distance to Union square and we were able to take bus or taxi to the Wharf. The rooms are dated but clean - could use new carpet but overall we enjoyed our stay would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Peppyuga
<Content>Beresford Arms is OK After reading the reviews about Beresford Arms, I was hesitant to stay there. However, I wanted to stay in a classic, San Francisco hotel with charm. I was surprised at how pleasant it actually was. It was somewhat difficult using the valet service at first. It wasn't well- marked. However, once we got that, it was fine, and they were always prompt with the car. The room was a decent size with a lovely bay window. The decor was a bit dated and shabby, but seemed reasonably clean. The bathroom was, again, reasonably clean. We were only there one night, so we didn't go out much. I was somewhat worried about the neighborhood considering reviews I had previously read, but I think it is ok. I wouldn't be out really late at night. Overall, it is a good value. I don't think I could spend a week there, but one or two nights would be ok.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>tjielp23
<Content>Great stay in the Beresford Arms We stayed for 2 nights in the Beresford Arms, was the last part of our three weeks' honeymoon in the U.S.With a price of $152 per night, which is very reasonable for San Francisco standards, we were very happy. Although the website looks great, in all honesty, the rooms in real life are pretty old-fashioned. It all has a real 70's feel to it. Pro's:- junior suite is very large, with old kitchen and bathroom but all works well- very quiet, no noise from street- location: we did not find the area bad at all! san francisco has a lot of homeless people, but virtually none in the area of the hotel. it is only a 8 minute walk to Union Square and there are a lot of restaurants in the area.- extremely helpful, though slightly aloof front desk- valet parking fast and not too expensive for city standards ($20)Con's:- no internet access in room, only in hotel lobby- breakfast very simple- no airconditioning (but did not need this either in mid-July)Overall: great stay in central San Francisco, personally we did not mind the old-fashioned rooms. Everything works, is there if you need it. You're in SF to view the city anyway! We did have a car (roundtrip) and even though everybody says you don't need it in SF, we found it helpful and it certainly allowed us to see the city in under 3 days.Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Buzzy15
<Content>Very nice Hotel We recently stayed for 5 nights at the Beresford Arms, following recommendations on Trip Advisor and were very pleased with our stay. With 2 teenagers we had booked a 2 room parlour suite which was very spacious, clean and had a kitchenette and v large bathroom (including Jacuzzi Bath). The staff were very helpful and the free wine and cheese and breakfast buffet were a nice touch. As in most areas of SF, sirens and early morning refuse collection could be heard but we were usually that tired that it did not bother us. I would definately recommend the Beresford Arms as a great place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>o2binny
<Content>Great Vintage Hotel at a convenient location The Beresford Arms is a charming Hotel located about 5 blocks from Union Square. Many of the other Boutique Hotels I saw on our vacation had very tiny lobbies or just a front desk, but this hotel had a beautiful lobby with internet access and plenty of seating. The front desk staff were friendly and and always pleasant. The room we stayed in was a junior suite which is basically a regular hotel room, but it also had a separate kitchenette (full size frig., microwave, stove, utensils, plates, honor bar, etc.). The bathroom was very large with a double sink area and plenty of counter space. The hot water was a little unpredictable but not a major concern. Beds were fine however the TV was pretty limited. I think they had about 10 channels to choose from. The continental breakfast consisted of coffee, tea, and an assortment of pasteries and fresh fruit cut up and whole. I wish they had juice or milk. I was able to stock up on snack items and drinks for the convenience store across street. At first glance it does not look too nice from the outside and would really question their hot food but it was just fine for packaged and dairy foods as well as drinks - milk, soda, beer and wine. We also ordered in from the Italian restaurant and Pearl's hamburgers also right across street. Both were good choices. We took the MUNI buses all around the city and we were always able to end up in Union Square for a short walk back to the hotel. We also took several Gray Line Bus tours and they picked up as well as dropped us off directly infront of our hotel. I would difinitely return to the Beresford Arms. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kharm
<Content>Wasnt that bad... There were some things I found charming about this hotel and some that I found could have used some improvement. Overall, my experience wasnt bad. Let's start with the pro's: 2 blocks from Union Square, good sized bathroom with whirpool jet baths, small clean kitchen area in suites with utensils and stove, free internet in the lobby, continental breakfast, front desk was very helpful @ helping me find a number of eateries and directions to places. Cons: sketchy part of town (Dont walk around at night alone, day is ok just stick to Post St and the areas surrounding Union Square), Carpet needed cleaning. I had a comfy stay at the Beresford Arms and people who arent too picky would enjoy it as well.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Jersey1879
<Content>Great price for SF We thought the price of $124 a night was great for San Francisco. We found our room to be clean and free of any unpleasant smells. Our bed was ok but the pillows very uncomfortable. We were on the 6th floor and our windows were not facing either of the busy streets but we still slept with them closed because of the noise.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelingteacher25
<Content>This hotel is a disaster! Stay away. This hotel is a disaster! Stay away! We arrived at 5:00 a.m. because our flight was delayed. The front door was locked. There is a bell outdoors and we rang it for 5 minutes, no one came! Our cabby used his cell phone to call the front desk. It had to ring several minutes until some answered. A young man came to the door and let us in. He was sleepy and not the least bit concerned that we had been waiting in what is an unsafe area of the city. This was just the start of our terrible stay. We found out it was unsafe by witnessing 2 drug arrests during the day a block away from the hotel.The hotel itself is old and not well kept. The rooms are small. There is no air conditioning and it was very warm. The furniture is uncomfortable and dusty. The hotel is located on a main street and you can hear sirens going off often during the day and night! The staff is not helpful and cleaning is not done often. Our room was never picked up during our stay. They did make the bed but they did not pick up the used glasses from the snack bar (or anything else for that matter). The front desk is not helpful or concerned about your well being. I know this hotel is a bargain but I don't believe that it is worth it. There really isn't a good thing I can say.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CalTrip
<Content>Beresford Arms is OK for the Price My husband and I have been traveling in CA for the last 3 weeks. We stayed at Beresford Arms for four nights in July. Yes, this hotel is a good deal for San Fran, but may not be worth your money. Pros:It is near Union Sq., the cable car line, and an Avis Car rental. They have 2 computers with fast, free Internet. There was a breakfast of danishes, donuts, and some fruit provided. We ate it to save a little $, not because it was delicious.Cons:Our Non Smoking room reeked of smoke, especially in the bathroom. Our room faced Post St. and was VERY noisy. The room was clean, but not comfortable. We barely slept the entire time we were there due to the uncomfortable bed, horrible pillows and noise. The great mini bar prices were not accurate; the $2.00 Pringles came to $4.00 on our bill. Although very close to Union Sq., it is not a nice part of town. We walked around a bit one night, and quickly found our way back to the hotel. If you're traveling for a vacation, consider paying a little extra for a nicer hotel. This bargain hotel put a bit of a damper on our San Francisco trip. We wish we had spent more on a nicer hotel in a better part of town.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>brookedny
<Content>Perfect bargain for the family We stayed in rooms 611 and 612, in the 6B corner of the hotel for a week. The mini bars were actually affordable which is a real boon if you're travelling with children and teens. Also, there is a Whole Foods Market about 10 minutes away to fill up the fridge with healthy snacks and fruit.We were near everything in Union Square. While we quickly discovered not to walk down Jones Street for any reason (except for Dottie's True Blue Cafe) because of the large numbers of assertive/aggressive homeless people, walking down Post to go to Powell was never a problem. If you tire of taking cabs everywhere, there is a bus that runs down Powell as well - the staff is very helpful with travel tips.611 was the suite with two queen beds, full kitchen (fridge, freezer, microwave, coffeemaker, pots, plates, pans), bidet, and whirlpool bath - a delight. 612 had a single double bed and simple bathroom - none of the extras of 611, but he combination of the two rooms in 6B was PERFECT for our family. We left the doors to 611 and 612 open and closed the door to 6B.The rooms were very clean. Because we have dust mite allergies in our family, it is imperative that all sheets be washed in super hot water. Even though the hotel did not have hypoallergenic pillows, no one had any allergy attacks because the sheets were sterile.The hotel was lovely and quiet and the rooms were large - apparently a rarity in SF hotels. The morning coffee, fruit and donut situation was lovely, although the coffee was pretty weak (along with everywhere in SF but Starbucks). The evening wine with cheese and dates was nice as well, particularly if you have time before dinner. The hotel attracts a lot of European guests and these communal times were genuinely friendly.The daytime staff were kind and well informed with information about bonded babysitters should you need, as well as fairly thorough information about the city at large. The evening staff was not as well informed, but still kind.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't want to pay top dollar to stay at one of the finer hotels but still wants a nice room and good service.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Gem in The City This hotel is wonderful! Most importantly my family and I had another hotel booked and when we arrived it was awful. We literaly walked around the corner to this hotel and were warmly welcomed and the staff worked dillegently to find us a room and to make us feel special which they accomplished. Rooms are spacious and clean and the continental breakfast was always fresh and delicious. I will most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jwbiv
<Content>Worst hotel have ever ever stayed in Goiing back over the reviews of the Beresford Arms I feel like I was in an entirely different place. In over 25 years of business and personal travel, and at a variety of price points, this was by far the worst, most horrible hotel l I have ever stayed in. I booked via the Internet, where the rooms were completely misrepresented. I booked a junior suite -- what I got was a standard room with two queen size beds. The kitchen area was gross, the linoleum in the bathroom was old, cracked, with many holes from burns. The carpet in the bedroom was so filty that even the bellman who helped with my luggage (although I insisted I could handle it myself) suggested that I call down to the desk to complain. The desk couldn't care less. For the first time in my life I left a hotel, am absolutely refusing to pay a penny for this dump. Also, I work with a number of people who live in San Francisco and they told me today that the area where this hotel is located is VERY dangerous after dark. Do not stay here, no matter how cheap the price. It's not worth it to be anywhere this totally disgusting.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marlo
<Content>Beresford Arms, Value for Money A room in downtown San Francisco can be quite expensive. But Beresford Arms Hotel gave our family value for our money. We stayed for 6 nights( May 2006) in their Parlor Room and WOW, it was immaculately clean. It had a full working kitchen  whirpool. The staff from the doorman to the cleaning lady were all efficient  couteous. Most importantly, NO MUSTY ROOM SMELL. This boutique hotel gives free continental breakfast buffet to guest in their lobby each morning as well as wine and cheese at 6pm evey night. It is walking distance to the Union Square, bus stops, the F line, and shops. There is also a convenient store in front. We will definitely stay in Beresford Arms when we vacation again in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, Comfortable Accommodations The Bereseford Arms offers travelers to San Francisco great value, comfortable rooms and a lot of charm. This hotel does not rip you off, for instance, with outlandish prices for bottled water or beer in the minibar -- $1.25 for water, $2 for a beer. The hotel also provides free high speed Internet access on two computers in the lobby. The complimentary continental breakfast consists of coffee, fruit, danish and croissants and there is wine nd cheese in the lobby from 4 to 5 pm each day. The staff is helpful and hospitable. The rooms are clean and comfortable and include TV, ironing board and iron and in some a kitchenette. The location, on Post Street, several blocks from Union Square is convenient, and provides a neighborhood experience, as opposed to a downtown' or touristy epxerience. We met a lot of repeat guests during our stay and that tells of the quality and value this hotel provides.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tripellen
<Content>Great hotel We were really happy with the Beresford Arms. The neighbourhood is not great but only three blocks to the cable car line and Union Square. It is an old building with a great ambience. Our room was huge with a large bathroom and kitchen. Whilst there was no view it was very private due to deep window sills. The internet is free and fast and breakfast very basic yet adequate. It was extremely affordable (booked on line), would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blar22
<Content>Good Value The Beresford Arms is a very nice hotel and a great value. Our room was very large, it had two queen beds, a small kitchen, a large bathroom and a space for a couch! The prices there are also very reasonable. One nice extra is that they have a complimentary wine and cheese hour, a good opportunity to get to know the other guests in the beautiful lobby. The hotel is also conveniently located in the Union Square area, but off the main tourist street, so it is somewhat quieter.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL IN SAN FRANCISCO My wife and I spent three nights here in May.The staff are wonderful(5*).The location is execellent and the price was unbeatable. Extra perks included continental breakfast in the morning and cheese and wine in the afternoon.Highly recommend  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow, what a great little hotel. My wife and I loved the hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was quiet (exactly what we asked for), the atmosphere was great and we both loved the old world charm of the histiric building. Great shopping nearby and an easy walk to most of downtown San Francisco.We would not hesitate to recommed the Beresford Arms Hotel in San Francisco to any traveller looking for great priced accomodation. This is the second time my wife stayed at the Beresford and it was as a result of her first stay (10 years ago) that we decided to stay there this time, neither of us regretted that decision and we will certainly be staying there the next time we visit San Franciso.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great option for Downtown Stayed here for 3 nights in April 2006. Great value hotel for the location. We had a back facing room (616) which had no view, but was absolutely quiet at night. Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texfoolette
<Content>Good location, quiet, clean, safe I don't know if it's possible to pay less at any downtown SF hotel than the $115/night plus 14% tax I paid on a single at Beresford Arms, and still get the safety, cleanliness, and QUIET I got. I requested a quiet room in the back and was on the 8th floor, away from the street. True, I had a view of the backsides of buildings, but it was so quiet I almost thought I was the only person in the hotel. The beds were perfectly OK, and I was never awakened by outside lights or noise. It's a 5 minute walk to Union Square; 10-15 minutes to Chinatown. I was very satisfied/  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beresford is a good hotel Stayed at the Beresford for 3 nights in Sept 06. We were really pleased, it's a good hotel in a good location. If you are on a budget and can't afford 100 + a night which many of the hotels are, stay here. It's a beautiful old building, pretty well kept. The rooms are large and it's great to have a fridge and kettle. In the morning there's complimentary coffee,pastries and fruit in the foyer and free internet. The staff are helpful too. I would definately stay here again. Don't forget to check out Bobby C's Owl Bar on Post street on your way back from a hard days sight seeing.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great place to stay! We had a wonderful time at the Beresford Arms. Union Square is just a few blocks away. The room was clean and the staff was wonderful. The attached kitchen was very handy, it allowed us to eat some meals in the room and save our money for fantastic dinners on the town. It's not the height of luxury but it is charming and more than met our needs. We slept like babies. The afternoon wine and cheese event was very nice. We will no doubt make it our new San Francisco destination.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>naven
<Content>This hotel would be great, except for the fact that it's impossible to sleep. Picture in your mind if you will: Two people in deep sleep, dreaming of their active day in S.F. Suddenly, a fire truck comes charging up right outside your window, sirens blazing, lights fill your room like a spotlight in the night. Eventually, your mind and body adapts to this nuance and you fall back asleep. Some 15 minutes later, an incredibly loud fire alarm goes off. You put on every single piece of clothing and begin heading down stairs with the rest of the tired, alarmed guests. Before you get to the lobby staff informs you that everything is ok now and we apologize and go ahead and get back in bed and fall asleep. You say, thank god and jump back into bed. As you just begin your 3rd jaunt into slumber, the alarm goes off again. Approximately 22 minutes after the last alarm. It is now 6:38 AM. Again, you put back on your clothes, head down to the lobby and proceed to wait in the lobby in your PJ's until the SFFD comes and somehow turns off the fire alarm. The staff again assures you that you can now go back to bed. Sure, right, mmmmhmm. This is my story --- one that occured on 12/30/05. I understand that alarms go off and things happen. As a former bay area resident, I fully understand that the city, especially Union Square, are loud. But this hotel is LOUD. The walls are thin. I dont care what anyone tells me, my standards are very low. This hotel is loud. It's too bad, because the staff, given these situations, was rather friendly, and the rooms, while old and somewhat unkempt, were ok and somewhat clean. The shower was the most erratic contraption I have ever seen. It would go from blazing hot to frigid cold quicker than I could snap my fingers. I feel a little strange making these complaints, given that I paid $102 a night. I dont know that you'll find much cheaper in the area. Unfortunately, I still felt a little ripped off come check out time. I know some people love this hotel, I just don't get it. I wasn't looking for shangri-la, just sleep.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>M8shaw
<Content>Wonderful Gem in the City!!! We were originally booked at their sister hotel a few blocks over and due to overbookings they moved us here to this lovely little hotel. It was an upgrade from what we were going to pay for the room, but the hotel was very pretty. It is old, and appropriately decored to fit it. We actually had the first room on the first floor, I was worried about noise from the lobby but found more noise to come from the outside streets. The hotel is walking distance to downtown Union Square and nearby galleries and other shopping. Staff was friendly and the room had a jet tub and a bidet. The room was very roomy and the beds were the worst of it, very hard and not comfortable at all. Other than the HORRIBLE beds, the hotel was great and we definately if needed, would stay here again. It is very centerally located within the city.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for vacationers I highly recommend this hotel for leisure travelers. It is well-located near Union Square. The staff is very friendly and helpful. My room was small, but had unexpected architectural features that made it charming. There is a small continental breakfast in the lobby, and an afternoon wine and cheese buffet. And clean--I even saw someone washing off the sidewalk in front of the hotel! This hotel is probably not for business travelers, since it does not have a business center, and the only internet connection is in the lobby.If you like Marriots and Radissons, this hotel is not for you. But if you want a clean, friendly, charming place to stay while you're on vacation, this is a wonderful choice.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azmove
<Content>Home for the Holidays We have stayed at the niche, the boutique and the 5 star hotels and KEEP coming back to the Beresford Arms.This is our 3rd time there this year! If you are expecting turn down service, down comforters and fancylotions and potions in the bathroom, this is not the place for you....! If it is comfortable, clean, non-pretentious, same smiling faces year after year..this is it! Some of the old chairs in the lobby are from 1910, when it was an apartment home! It is lovingly taken care of.Our room was a Jr. Suite with a large bathroom andkitchenette (which we never used). This time we brought family and they used the jacuzzi tub to soothetheir aching bodies from our long hilly walks.The coffe in the lobby is great and the sweets and rolls and fruit tide you over until you walk to breakfast. The wine and cheese hour is a good time tounwind. We recognized a young couple we met there twoyears ago on this Thanksgiving weekend. It feels like home to them as well. They are dog friendly...people friendly and pocket book friendly...  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boasty
<Content>Great location Really mixed reviews lately for this hotel.We stayed here at the start of Nov on the first stage of our honeymoon. We found the hotel to be absolutely fine. GREAT location, good prices, great pastries for breakfast. It's not a 5* hotel clearly and yes, the decor has seen better days but our room was spotlessly clean and we thought the shiny wallpaper had a bit of a retro chic thing going on. San Fran is full of expensive hotels - this is a bargain!!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Sorry but I hated it..." I had booked the Beresford Arms on the back of TripAdvisor for 4 night in October as the 'finale' to our 2 week holiday. The rate via Expedia was very good and we had a junior suite.. I know now why they only have 1 photo on the web site. Our room was at the front and exceptionally noisy with what looked like months of pigeon 'poo' outside our window and some very sick looking pigeons. It was very warm but you really wouldn't want to open the window even if the noise allowed you too. The room was not nice... every seat had some sort of stain on it, the edge of the carpet had never been hoovered and was thick with dust, the kitchen had chipped crockery and smelt, the bathroom... I would not have dared used the jacuzzi, the wallpaper was straight out of the 60's, the taps were gold many years ago and one sink had two cold taps even though one was hot!.. the hallway smelt...shall I go on? I'm sorry but maybe for the money I got what I paid for but we stayed there one night and I was so upset that we had to move to another hotel costing us more money that we couldn't really afford. I didn't want to stay at the Hilton... I didn't expect a 5 star hotel but I'm sorry to disagree with everyone it seems but this hotel was simply awful and I would not recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AllyS
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed here for two nights. Fab location, friendly professional staff, clean and comfortable rooms -with very reasonably priced minibar!Reasonably priced valet parking too.Would definately recommend and stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Reviews On the positive side, the hotel is in a central location, it is extremely inexpensive, the staff is friendly and helpful, the continental breakfast in the lobby is pleasant. I did not participate to the afternoon wine and cheese.I expected the room to be a bit worn, but did not expect it to be dirty. The curtains were filthy, the furniture had not been dusted, not sure the sheets had been changed as there were long, dark hairs on the pillows. I even had to wash the telephone before using it - dirty and sticky. All it needs is some soap, water and elbow grease to set it right.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MOnica9
<Content>Very pleased with the Beresfor Arms Hotel This hotel offer great value, compared to other hotels in San Francisco that we checked.Very helpful and friendly staff. Only dissapointment was the breakfast which consisted of some greasy danish and coffee in plastic cups.The free wine hour from 5-6 pm was a very pleasant thing. And also free internet in the lobby.The room wasn't the largest I have stayed in, but comfortable beds and a good minibar. Large bathroom with jacuzzi, lovely!Would definately stay at the Beresford Arms again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>geolon
<Content>Why pay more? The Beresford Arms is great value. What you get for the money puts UK hotels to shame. It looks slightly shabby in a way that would only upset hardened perfectionists, and which Europeans would find charming and characterful - in contrast to the big chain US hotels. We requested, a room with a 'kitchenette', which turned out to be a full kitchen WITH a dining table for two, in its own adjoining room. The bathroom was huge; the bedroom huger. The staff were helpful without being overbearing, and the hotel made a very time-efficient base for visiting all parts of the city. The hotel is a few blocks from the edge of the Tenderloin, so if you want to avoid seeing large numbers of homeless/mentally ill people, head towards Union Square rather than more directly south towards Market St or the Civic Centre. But if you are upset by the sight of such people, you had best not go to San Francisco, because you can see them anywhere. Generally they seem too preoccupied, drunk or stoned to do more than ask for loose change: it did not feel menacing, just very sad that more is not being done to address the situation. If you like Indonesian food, the Indonesian restaurant voted the best in the city is right opposite, and very good - cheap too.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carolibby
<Content>What a wonderful find Very nice hotel with first class rooms and ammenities. The location is close to Union square shops and restaurants. The breakfast was above average for a lobby continental. Staff were very curteous. Would definately stay again and recommend. Excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It doesn't need to be any better The first thing that I liked was that no one grabbed my suitcase to help me bring it to my room. I was asked whether I needed assistance; when I answered in the negative, I was left alone. That's how it was on departure as well. The room was clean and comfortable, with high quality soaps and shampoo. They even gave us a larger room at no extra cost so that I could be close to the suite that I reserved for my father and his caregiver. The complimentary fruit and sweet rolls in the morning were first rate; too bad, no capuccino, but the coffee was good. There was also tea and hot chocolate. No wireless in the hotel, but two computers in the lobby were free for e-mail and Internet. The free wine (house label) served with the cheeses in the afternoon was mediocre, but the host or hostess made up for it by making the atmosphere warm and family-like. The neighborhood isn't fancy, but okay, and if you enjoy walking, the hotel is conveniently located for getting to Union Square, the Civic Center, or the cable car. We spent four nights at the Beresford Arms, with absolutely nothing to complain about. Spending more elsewhere would just have been a waste of money.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value in a good location My partner and I stayed at the Beresford Arms for five nights recently. We made a reservation based on good tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. Our room was very comfortable,clean, private and quiet. The breakfast in the lobby was an added bonus.The discounted price available when you book online makes this excellent value for such a central location.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DLH5204
<Content>Enjoyed my stay! The Hotel is confiniently located to the Union Square, which is only a few blocks away. Nevertheless the neighborhhod is very safe and I never felt threatend.The hotel itselfe exceeded my expectations. You get for a small price (compared to other S.F. hotels) a very big and clean room. Our room was equiped with one telephone and dataport, a TV with the major Bay Area TV stations, a desk, two comfortable queen size beds and a large bathroom with whirlpool.A minus are the very thin windows and walls. So if a firetrucks runs out along or you have loud neighbours it might become a bit loud.Between 7 and 10am you get a complimentary breakfast with some pastry, fresh fruits, coffee and tea.Between 4:30 and 5:30 pm there is a complimentary wine hour, which I didn't use.Unfortunally there is no WIFI in this hotel, but there are two free internet terminals in the lobby. So if you need a hotel in S.F. have a closer look on the Beresford Arms.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel This hotel was a steal for the money. Large rooms, great service, free wine, and a short walk to Union Square. My wife and I will stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JVL
<Content>Charming Hotel My father and I visited San Francisco in early August. As I walked into the Beresford Arms Hotel I was taken by the elegantly furnished lobby. We were given a parlor suite on the top floor facing Post and Jones Streets. The rooms including the bathroom are spacious. Even though there is no air conditioning there are plenty of windows to open up to bring in fresh air. We found the continental breakfast to be adequate with coffee,juice, muffins,pastries,croissants, fresh fruits. The hotel is walking distance from most Union Square attractions as well as China Town. It can be a bit noisy at night since there is a fire station a few blocks away but I kept the windows closed during the night which muffled the outside sounds. Without a doubt I would stay at this hotel again for its price, charm and its nearness to Union Square. It's a hotel with a San Francisco personality.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drflatfish
<Content>Great location, nice hotel! I thought this hotel was a great deal. The service was good, the room was nice and the location was excellent. It is only about 6 blocks to union square and the big transportation hub on Powell and Market, and there were amazing places to eat all around the hotel. The rooms were clean, if a little dated, and the happy hour and breakfast were friendly and fun. The honor bar was a real deal -- $2.00 beers and $1.50 Calistogas! Imagine, an honor bar you can afford to use! My only real complaint is that there is no A/C and it is quite noisy if you sleep with the windows open (and stuffy if you sleep with them closed). Overall though, thumbs up for this little hotel!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded Expectations After reading mixed reviews I was not sure what to expect from this little hotel. From the moment I pulled up to the hotel, to the time I regretfully left, I was charmed. with one minor exception. David checked us in and was very pleasant. He noted it was our honeymoon and congratulated us. The room was simple yet tastfully decorated. There were little quarks to the room that I found fascintating, however this was my first trip to San Francisco so I cannot say if they were unique to the hotel or typical. There were big bay windows over looking the city with no screens!! They were covered by white billowy curtains. The bathroom had two sinks so we had plenty of room for our things. The best surprise came when I opened the closet. I had heard that most old hotels in Fricso had no a/cs so I was pleasantly suprised when if found a floor fan. Just as we were getting settled in, our stay got even better. David, who checked us in, brought up a bottle of champagne and two glasses. I was so excited. He was very helpful our entire stay. The only negative comment I have to make was about another clerk. We asked her to call Super Shuttle for a pick up. When she discovered that we were not going to use the company they have ties with she told me I could call from my room. I thought that was not very helpful. Other than that everything was great!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>K.C.Benson
<Content>Read the reviews here, decided to give it a try Traveled to San Francisco over fathers day in June and after reading the reviews here decided to give the Beresford Arms a try. It was as excellent as I had expected from reading all the reviews. It is a small hotel, but rooms are wonderful and it is well maintained. They had a small drawing for their guests for fathers day, and I actually won a tie. After spending 20 years in the hotel industry, housekeeping and building maintenance are the most important aspects of how a hotel is run, and both were excellent at the Beresford. Customer service is excellent as well. David at the front desk was extremely helpful in pointing us to wonderful restaurants and how to get around the city. I am looking forward to a return trip soon. By the way, the lack of air conditioning in June was not a problem, even though the days we stayed were sunny and unseasonably warm.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>azmove
<Content>returning to our home in San Francisco We have been at the Gucci niche hotels and keep coming back to the comfortable Beresford Arms. It is just the friendly staff and comfy nonpretentious hotel that meets our needs. Walk to Union Square and even to N. Beach for a great dinner...We have stayed there for years and will continue to do so every time we visit the city. We came with friends and family..three Jr. Suites met theirneeds as well as ours..Our home away from home  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelforfun3
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Beresford Arms We stayed at the Beresford Arms for 4 nights in June 2005. Although the hotel is rather old it has been maintained very well. We upgraded to a parlour suite on the eighth floor upon checkin and loved it! There was plenty of room to spread out and get comfortable. Our daughter loved the murphy bed. I really liked the bright and cheery feeling inside our suite. It had an abundance of windows. Although there is not air conditioning we were quite comfortable and enjoyed the cool breezes from the windows.The staff was very welcoming and eager to please. Housekeeping was great. We were sad to leave!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wilytraveller
<Content>Reasonable Stayed here for a week in May. Reasonable location approx 4 blocks off Union Sq. Would probably like to be a little closer next time. Most of the staff were helpful. Room didnt have air conditioning which was a shame as it would certainly had benefitted.Breakfast and early evening drinks were included which was a good touch although the quallity of the food was only average.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Danni0005
<Content>Very Nice..... I just needed a safe clean room at a good price. I found this here! My room was huge. Bathroom and shower huge. Nice kitchenette and mini bar. It is nit the Four Seasons, but I felt it was an excelent value. Good location, also. I checked in early and they were very accomodating. The only bad part was I had black hairs all over the bathroom. I guess the housekeeper was having a problem. Other than that, it was very nice. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zimsandy
<Content>so-so value, plus tub trouble we stayed in a junior suite for $130/night, which was not exactly value for the price. The jacuzzi tub would not shut off around the midnight hour...we called the front desk, and the woman did not even understand the concept of the jacuzzi tub, kept asking if the tub was overflowing, and told us there was no maintenence until the next morning, completely useless and not even trying to assist us. Also, no air conditioning, only dusty fans, and with an 8th floor room on a hot weekend, it was pretty uncomfortable in the evening. breakfast was greasy donuts and croissants (no butter or jam) that one would expect at a motel, not a 3 star hotel...would only return to this place in a real pinch.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>madgenoir
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed here for 7 nights in April, and were pleasantly surprised by the hotel. We asked for a quiet room - and had it apart from Friday night - but apparently this was noise from the hotel next door.Friendly staff, chambermaids always seemed to know when we had gone out. Walking distance to Union Square, free internet, breakfast, and drinks between 4-5pm.I wasn't feeling too well one evening, so called reception to find out if there was somewhere that I could get a baked potato - didn't want anything more substantial. After calling around, they couldn't find anywhere, so they asked me to buy a potato, and they cooked it for me. That's what I call adaptable service. Bit of a shame that we didn't qualify for a discount staying there for 7 nights, but it was a nice hotel in a nice location.If you go to Macy's, go to the visitor centre on the 6th floor with your passport - they'll give you a voucher for 11% off all purchases at all Macy's for 1 month. Well worth doing.We loved Lori's diner, and SF is somewhere that I would love to go again - would certainly stay at the Beresford Arms again.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kauai744
<Content>good value in historical hotel nice older hotel near union square. good housekeeping. large room with full kitchen. we had xlnt 8th floor corner location with nice view but away from street. watch out for potential noise. however, beds were small and not comfortable, no fitted sheets, poor quality linens. note in room says ask for anything you've forgotten, but when i asked, they had no toothpaste. upon checkout at 615a, i found the front desk attendant soundly sleeping behind the desk, which raised security concerns. liked it overall, but need to sleep comfortably. also, nice asian theme coffee shop (Eura) across street.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After free upgrade pretty good ! Hi,Ive booked the Beresford Arms for a Business trip to Frisco in early Jan 05 over the internet.When I arrived it was quite cold in SFO and when I came up to the room it was freezing. After turning on the small heater in the room, it didnt get much warmer. I have detected that the window in the kitchenette was broken and somebody tried to fix it with a towel. Even after keeping the door shut, the small heater was unable to get the room to a somewhat decent temperature. After complaining to the night clerk (an old lady, who was wearing big glasses, but still using a reading lense to read), she offered me another room, but this room was freezing and much louder. So I stayed the first night freezing and spoke to the Manager the next morning. She offered me a free upgrade to a Junior Suite and this was quite good !The room was spacious, warm, clean and very, very quiet ! Given the price of 90$ it was an excellent deal. The furniture was a bit old fashioned, but in good condition. The location of the Hotel is excellent, no hemoless people outside and very close to Union Square. Staff during the day was very helpfull, the old lady as the Night Clerk was a bit swamped with my complaint and unable to help.You have to be carefull what room you get, but staff is very helpfull and friendly !  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nsquare
<Content>a sense of history We visited San Francisco in Sept. of 2004. We are a family of 3. Husband, wife and 12 year old girl. Our favorite thing to do is get the feel of a city and the Beresford Arms allows you to do just that. I love th historic feel of the lobby and how nice it was to get together each morning for breakfast and evening for wine and cheese with fellow travelers. The rooms were very large, clean and the kitchenette was a nice plus. Great location, close to Union Square but in a neighborhood so you felt like a local. I would return again in a minute!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyS4
<Content>A great place to stay in San Fran We stayed in a junior suite last August and as this was our first family visit to the USA were not sure what to expect. However, were extremely pleased to have plenty of room for 4, a spotlessly clean bathroom, and all facilities in small kitchen. Lovely breakfast each day, very conveniently located in the city and staff very helpful. Our children want to visit again and I'm sure we will return to this beautiful city and use this lovely hotel again. Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>valenshek
<Content>Excellent hotel My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in November and we loved the hotel. The location is really good, it's about 3 blocks from Union Square. The overall look of the hotel is very nice, you just don't see the style of architecture that this hotel has in newer buildings. Everything is very well maintanined and clean. The room was good, it was surprisingly large for a an older hotel, including the bathroom. The staff was very friendly. And the price was great especially considering the location. The only downside for us was the continental breakfast, the selection was very limited. But hey it was free and there are plenty of places to eat breakfast in the area, so we really didn't mind. We would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very bearable Beresford - even for a wheelchair. We thoroughly enjoyed our time here. Great location. Right to Union Square, left to Tenderloin - no big deal. Walked everywhere (car would be a pain in SanFran). Staff were helpful. Room was roomy. Slept like sleeping beauty, looked like sleeping ugly. Can mix it in lobby with other guests for free breakfast or afternoon wine and cheese hour. Free Internet PC in lobby was helpful for us too.For anyone else in a wheelchair, our benched wheel-in shower would accomodate an elephant in a Cadillac! Note the hotel itself has one-step at the main entrance (but does have a level side entrance).We'll be back for sure!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay We stayed in this hotel in June, and weren't sure what to expect, but we were very pleased. We contemplated staying in a chain hotel, just so we would know what we were getting into, but felt we wanted to get in the spirit of the city, and stay in an older hotel. First of all, the staff was great, very friendly and helpful. We brought a car, so had to pay extra for parking, but they were very prompt in bringing the car around when we needed it. The hotel is also right on the bus line, so was very convenient when going to ANYWHERE around town. And since we had a CityPass, hopping on the bus was very easy and cash free. We opted for a parlour suite, which was great with 2 teenage daughters who do not want to share a bed. The bedroom had two queen beds, and the living room had a murphy bed, which was very comfortable. The bathroom was HUGE. We did not use the kitchen, but it was available, if we had chosen to. It was clean, and we loved the old hotel feel of the place. The lobby was beautiful, where we ate a continental breakfast every morning. My daughter especially liked the computers available in the lobby, so she could keep in touch with her friends at home. We happened to be at the hotel at 5pm one day when they had the wine and cheese out, and it was enjoyable talking to other guests and the hotel staff. The only inconvenience was the street noise in the morning. If I were staying there again, I would probably ask for a room higher up. But this was minor, and only really bothered us one morning and was part of the excitement of staying in the city. All in all, we felt very special, and it definitely enhanced our visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Value! We stayed at the Beresford Arms from Sept 17-20, 2004. We had booked it on-line through their website and got a great deal, $129 per night for a Jr Suite!! The location is great, the staff was excellent, the rooms were roomy and clean. You can tell years ago in the Golden Age that is was a luxury hotel. It is still in great shape. We weren't facing the street and the room did not have AC but it was pleasant enough for us. We traveled with two kids and they really enjoyed it too. I would highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant and Relaxed We had booked a room at the Beresford Hotel, but after reading reviews we moved our reservation to the Beresford Arms Hotel and were pleasantly surprised. We loved our suite and its antique style. The gold fixtures in the bathroom reminded me of our stay in antique hotels in London England. Staff members were friendly and accomodating to our needs. We definitely enjoyed the complementary continental breakfast and the wine social every afternoon. Not to mention, the bar in our room, which operates on the honor system. The rooms were very clean and nicely priced, our suite was priced at 89 dollars per night during our stay. We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly suprised on last minute booking We stayed here for 2 nights commencing 12/7 after doing a tour of hotels around the wharf which were all full. As it was 7.30pm I negotiated a good rate with reception for a junior suite. Hotel is old and as such is somewhat antiquated in style however, we found room clean and spacious with kitchenette and large bathroom (albeit window facing entry, room was on 2nd floor, lobby on 3rd as hotel on a hill, also window security not wonderful). We had tried to get into Nob Hill motel but it was fully booked as it had free parking so we had to live with paying $20/night at Beresford for valet parking. No bar, restaurant etc (free internet in lobby)but no issue as you are very close to a large selection. Close to union square for shopping and also getting cable car down to wharf. It does border on the shady tenderloin area, alot of homeless people around. However if you are sensible and dont wander round on your own at night you will be fine. Not the ritz but very good value in terms of space and location.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Durhamite
<Content>Would stay here again Stayed 3 nights in July 2004 with my two kids and my parents in a very nice suite. The room(s) were large enough that we all had space to breathe and relax. The central downtown location was within easy walking distance from Union Square and the Cable Car line. The staff were friendly and helpful and the wine reception was an enjoyable treat. They even offered juice for the kids. The lobby is beautiful and easy to see why this building is on the National Register of Historic Places. The only negative for us was that the fire trucks seem to use this corner to get across town as several passed by loudly each night during our stay.I would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends, and hope to visit again on my next trip to SF.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kamookie
<Content>3 1/2 stars Not what I had in mind after reading the reviews. The room was a little funky - i.e. older decor like weird linoleum in the bathroom and foil wallpaper in the kitchen area. TheMy biggest concern was that the room could have been cleaner and the beds sucked! I found a little piece of trash under one of the dressers and a weird piece of tape on the bathroom counter. We had to flip the beds after the first night after having a bad night's sleep and waking up with a sore neck.Two great things about the hotel are location and size of room. The hotel is located in a great area within walking distance to Union Square, and a great little cafe one block over called the Titanic Cafe, I think. It was in another hotel on Sutter and Jones.The jr. suite room was huge by San Francisco standards - really the size of a small apartment, so that was great, and it also had a great bay window that opened on the sides -nice for fresh air. With a little better cleaning and new beds the room is a real score for the price.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected after reading all the glowing reviews We stayed at the Beresford Arms after reading all the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. After we arrived and were shown to our room, I was ready to check back out and find another hotel. Being that it was Memorial Day weekend, we figured it would be difficult to find another room at a reasonable price. I don't think the room had been updated since the 1960s. The huge mirrored wall at the head of the bed was a little weird. The bathroom had shiny silver and gold wallpaper and old gold fixtures. All the furniture was old and looked like stuff I would find at my grandma's house. With that being said, the room was extremely clean. And I was impress to see as we were leaving that housekeeping even takes the blanket off the bed to wash with the other linens. The location was good and parking was reasonable at $20 a night. But, I have stayed at nicer hotels in SF for about $10 more a night.   
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like Going Home We have stayed at the Beresford Arms Hotel many times over the past 8 years. It has always been a friendly place, with a gracious staff. The afternoon wine tastings have offered an opportunity to meet and talk with people from different parts of the United States and the world. The rooms are comfortable and clean, and spacious for a city that size. The location is convenient for shopping and dining. It has become our home away from home when in San Francisco. We are looking forward to our next visit with Tag Knapp and her staff.   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific value. Friendly staff. Location gives pause. I had a hassle free 3 night stay at this hotel. I booked through expedia.ca for a very reasonable bargain. It was my first visit and perhaps the last simply because the location within spitting distance to the sad and seedy Tenderloin neighbourhood gave me pause but the tradeoff was the proximity to Union Square and access to anywhere in city with the terrific MUNI and BART systems of San Francisco. I had some great misgivings about wandering during daylight hours let alone late at night. The hotel is in comparison an oasis. The lobby and hall decor are very clean and tasteful. The rooms although clean could use and update, particularly the plumbing. My room unfortuantely did not have a lot of natural light and the windows didn't open. You wouldn't want to anyway with the smells of the Tenderloin streets and the multitude of pigeons. My room looked out to an abandoned central cause/breezeway which should be cleaned up and the cooing pigeons evicted. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They are so friendly in fact that the desk clerk are willing to have long winded but pleasant gardening conversation with an elderly woman guest whom I had to wait patiently behind to check out. Now, who in this world would be so generous with their time and kindness in this day and age?  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fox767
<Content>Two thumbs up!! We stayed at the Beresford Arms during spring break, April 2004. The purpose of our trip was senior prom dress shopping for my daughter! The hotel was wonderful!!!!! I absolutely recommend the parlor suite. New bathroom, fixtures, extemely clean etc. The bedroom and main room were enormous for the price. The staff couldn't have been nicer. Two thumbs up!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Night Stay Decent Hotel for the price. No a/c means you may need to leave the windows open and hope you have a room with a breeze - and you'll likely be getting street noise. Rooms are clean and a good size. Help was nice. On the border of the tenderlon district but close to Union Square (we walked - only three blocks). They did a very good job renovating the building and keeping it up.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place for the price My wife and I stayed here for a few days in March 2004. While it is certianly not the ritziest hotel I have stayed in, it was good, especially for the price. We stayed in one of the moderately-priced suites for the extra $30 over a standard room, and I think it was worth it (we looked at the standard room for kicks). Much bigger, has a little kitchenette and a jacuzzi tub. Since we ate out, we could bring home doggy-bags for midnight snacking, out of the fridge and warmed up in the microwave....The location is fine for safety, but make sure you read up a little bit on the area. Most importantly, don't walk south on Jones all the way to Market - after several blocks, it takes you into the Tenderloin district which is not nice. That said, you have to walk a ways to find a seedy area....For touring, the location is fabulous. Every morning, my wife and I walked down to Union Square for a coffee, and you can go anywhere from there. Since we'd bought a MUNI pass, we could even hop a bus to the square if we were REALLY lazy, and you can go anywhere in the city from Union Square....We looked around at some of the other hotels in the area while walking around, and didn't think there was anywhere else we'd rather be staying....The daily winecheese was a nice touch, and we were more than satisfied with the complementarty breakfast fare.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay and would recommend it   showReview(1735375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location   showReview(1538328, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LynK
<Content>Great hotel, excellent for families   showReview(1501819, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mastertonlaw
<Content>Favorite Hotel on California Trip   showReview(1396336, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LJE
<Content>Excellent value:   showReview(1373528, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful Honeymoon Hotel   showReview(1155386, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayinNY
<Content>Excellent value, more like a traditional apartment building than a hotel   showReview(1143445, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ArizonaTravelbug
<Content>What a great hotel!   showReview(1118342, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It    showReview(848487, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Go for the Parlour Suite!   showReview(657653, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(22855736, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon choix   showReview(20550096, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19915425, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Albergo ottima posizione   showReview(19632350, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans hesiter   showReview(19632348, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!!!!!   showReview(19632349, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BaselFerien
<Content>Gutes, zentrales Hotel   showReview(18719677, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel htel mais environnement moyen   showReview(19632347, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel in posizione centrale   showReview(18529926, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super jederzeit wieder   showReview(18529925, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage top Preis Leistung nur zu empfehlen   showReview(17434286, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bien plac, un peu sale   showReview(13983431, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit prezzo   showReview(11305488, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambre sur rue tres bruyante...   showReview(11422639, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un htel Moyen   showReview(11373318, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

