<Author>teentraveler95
<Content>Really friendly people! The hotel is like in the centre, with the main shopping malls really near, and the place to take a boat cruise really near, then a few main streets are nearby and all. The faculty is all really welcoming and friendly. The breakfast variety was good and it all was delicious. I really enjoyed my stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LynGreenleaf
<Content>Had A fantastic Weekend away with The family I have just returned from a fantastic weekend away for my husbands 50th Birthday. I went with my three daughters aged 22,19,17. The eldest daughter goes to Amsterdam quite a lot and she said that the plaza has been the best hotel by far. We had two queen size room on the first floor with connecting doors. The rooms were clean and the bedding looked brand new. We also had bathrobes and slipper to use for our stay. The hotel also left Complementary chocolate. We made use of the gym, swimming pool and Sauna which we near enough had to ourselves. The hotel supplied all towels for use in the sauna and around the pool. I had trouble with the safe on the first night and security came up straight away and sorted it out. I can not comment on the food in the restaurant because we did not eat in the hotel. We knew the hotel food was quiet expensive so we ate out. The staff were very friendly and polite. I can not fault the rooms or staff in anyway. I would definitely use this hotel again and I would most certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JafaAuckland
<Content>Great location Our booking was part of a Eurostar package, and we spent 3 nights at this Hotel. The room was OK with queen size bed and ensuite. What we liked the most about this hotel was the central location. Moments from Centraal Station, it made navigating our way from tourist venue to tourist venue throughout Amsterdam, very easy.The staff were polite and friendly, the room clean and well appointed. We didn't have any meals at this hotel as we found it rather expensive; the location offers hundreds of small eateries/restaurants within walking distance however.The most off-putting factor about this hotel is the cost. By the time we'd arrived in Amsterdam we'd travelled through part of Europe and collected a pile of dirty laundry. The hotel offers to clean your laundry at a starting rate of 3 Euro for a pair of boxers. Fortunately we found a laundrette where we managed to clean the whole lot for 3 Euro! Breakfast is 22 Euro, but most disappointing was the city tax of 15 Euro per night that we discovered on checking out!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>nico_ch
<Content>An average chain hotel The location is convenient, the rooms are OKish and so is the bathroom (but both would benefit from a refresh). The queen beds are nice.The breakfast is very average considered that they charge 24EUR for it. Quite pricey and so are the room rates.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Zuev
<Content>liked the location, but didnt like the price! Stayed at Crown plaza for 3 nights, I wrote below that I liked and disliked in the hotel: What I liked:* Great location: Hotel is located near Central station 鈥?do not need a taxi just walk to the hotel for 5 minutes, near Dam square and red light district.* Staff nice and helpful.* Breakfast is good.* has air condition and tea/coffee marker in the room.Didn鈥檛 like:* The hotel is very old, also I would suggest renovating it.* The price extremely hi for this average hotel. * No free internet in the rooms.* Parking is very expensive!!!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	-1	5	4	1	

<Author>Clevland_Potash
<Content>Great location Stayed here for a weekend in mid-November. Hotel was fine - very good location, close to bars, restaurants, canal boat tours  centraal station - it was clean and efficient and we had no complaints. We had read previous reviews and knew what to expect - despite the Crowne Plaza brand this is three star/travel inn standard (not the four star advertised) - so find a good deal  only pay three star prices! Amsterdam is a great walking city - just watch out for bicycles!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>JonnySLondon
<Content>Good Location. The hotel is a short walk from the Central Train Station but tucked away around the corner from the main nightlife streets.The staff were friendly and helpful.The room was only passable.Our room had two large single beds instead of a double. It was clean but not in the slightest bit flashy. The window of our room looked out into the centre of the hotel and so was quite dark. This was probably preferable to the others in our party who had a room overlooking the street in front of the hotel and reported that there was quite a large amount of partying noise throughout the night.I did like the Amsterdammer bar but wasn't overly impressed by the food in the Dorrius restaurant.Overall, there wasn't really too much wrong with the hotel, but for the price I would have expected a bit more. It seems that you don't get much for your money in Amsterdam these days. I don't remember that being so much the case last time I stayed there (about 6 years ago).  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>charliec6061
<Content>Pricey, but nice!! I stayed here with my husband in July 08. We usually hire a boat/ apartment, but because he had a free night, so we decided to go a little up market and book the Crown Plaza.It is in a perfect loction, 5 minutes walk from the train station, right near the shops, but not on the busy main Dam street.The hotel itself is very clean  nicely decorated,with marble floors etc. The downstairs pool is great as you can swim 24hrs a day, if after 12pm you have to get the night staff to open it. (I think they are just checking that you are not too inebriated to swim) We swam every day  had the pool to ourselves every time!!The rooms are very large, view from the windows is down onto the shopping streets. The bar is dark, but very cosy. Dark wood, leather chairs, candles on table that kind of thing. My only complaint was, the room service food was terrible, don;t go there!!Overall lovely hotel, very pricey, but aren't they all in Amsterdam City!?  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>nsander
<Content>Not too bad Having stayed here a number of times in the past the hotel is beginning to show wear a bit. Staff were pleasant and helpful throughout which is always as I have found it.The room facilities are as you would expect and the rooms are quite spacious (from a European point of view).I like this hotel because of it's proximity to the Central Rail Station where I can get into and out of the Airport quickly without relying on a taxi (or other transport).Food is of a reasonably good standard for breakfast. The Restaurant is highly regarded for it's Dutch food.The hotel is close to the nightlife centres without being on top of them - Dam Sq being about 5-10 mins walk.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Moanypants
<Content>Alright for the night I have recently returned from two nights at this hotel for business. The location is fantastic - close to everything, but far enough away not to be noisy. Breakfast was good, although suffers from the usual silly prices (24 euros). I didn't go to the gym (why when you can run around the city?!) and I, as well as all of my colleagues, said we slept well at night. The bathroom is quite small, but fine for one person and many rooms (including the one I was in) have no view at all. One of my colleagues was very fortunate to get a room on the 6th floor with a balcony, which offered a nice view.Checking in and out was very smooth and the staff very helpful. Prices are on the high side for what you get, but the location is good. I have previously stayed at the NH Barbizon (a few minutes walk away) which is a nicer hotel but has much more noise outside in the evenings.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lebelgo
<Content>Fine hotel--except the rates       Gym 1  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mclassic
<Content>Do NOT Stay Here! I made a reservation at this hotel following the reviews posted on this site. I don't know if it is hotel staff writing reviews of this hotel. But, this hotel is an absolutely terrible hotel. I urge you not to stay here. My initial reservation was for a 4 night stay. I only ended up staying 2 nights, because this hotel is so poor.Check in at the hotel was very smooth. The front desk staff was very courteous. I go to my room. Upon walking in, the room smelled musty and gave me the impression it had not been opened up in some time. Amsterdam is a very humid city. So, the staff should take care to leave the fan on in the room.The hotel room was small. But, many hotel rooms within Amsterdam are. So, this was not a big issue for me. I did notice that the furniture was very old. The bed was low to the ground. The bed comforter was also very old. I knew immediately that I would not be sleeping under that bed comforter.I proceed to plug in my laptop. There is only one available power outlet in the room. Five minutes after plugging in my laptop, the outlet is no longer charging my laptop. I disconnect the plug and reconnect. Still no power. I ended up having to reach behind the TV to use the power strip, which had one available power outlet. I needed to use the Internet to check e-mail. Upon signing on, I was informed by the sign-on page that 24 hours of Internet use would be $19.95 Euro. I immediately go to the front desk and ask for an explanation of this price. The front desk person told me that he does not set the pricing. I told him that I thought the pricing was excessive for Internet usage. He looked at my room info in the system and told me that I'm eligible for a 20% discount because I'm a Priority Club member. That bit of info still didn't make me feel any better. The desk person then said that I can use the Internet cafe around the corner if I wanted to cheaper Internet. I glare at him for a few seconds and walk away.I go to the bathroom within the room. Immediately upon waliking in I see that the bathroom is in need of an update as well. Fine, no problem. I look at the floors. The floor tile is full of black spots. There is brown mildew in the corner nearest the bathtub. The bathtub and shower are no better. The bath tile was not very clean either. I thought to myself disgusting. I did everything I could to keep my time in the bathroom brief. Once in bed, I could tell the bed was infested with something. My skin kept itching. So, I ended up putting on the included bathrobe and slept in a small corner of the bed for the entire night. The next morning I ask what the hotel's policy is on checking out early. I was told I had to pay them 100 Euro if I did not give them 24 hours advance notice. I went back to my room and did a search for hotels nearby. Once I found one I wasted no time letting the front desk know I would be checking out the next day.That was the worst two nights in a hotel of any hotel I've ever stayed. Do not stay at this hotel. There are much better options nearby for cheaper, that will offer better amenities.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	4	2	1	

<Author>awoods
<Content>Come on Crowne Plaza - spend a little money on your hotel What a location! just across the road + one block back from the main station... - very central, very easy to get anywhere.The hotel staff are friendly and helpful.... I was upgraded but if this was an upgrade I would not like to see a standard room.The room I got was tired, (that's putting it nicely). It was not large or luxurious, both things I associate with this chain. The windows did not open and the a/c was noisy.... no real reason for the windows not opening that I could see, they were just fitted that way around 20 years ago - I was only on the 3rd floor looking out into a court-yard.The inhouse restaurant was excellent, reception was good.... it just needs loads spent on the bedooms - especially for the rates they charge.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AgentW4
<Content>Tired Hotel - Needs Renovation I first stayed in the hotel about 9 years ago on a business trip and it was great back then. My partner and I were planning a vacation weekend this past holiday weekend. We found the Crowne Plaza City Centre available. The rate was around 鈧?78 per night for a double.On the plus side the reception staff were really helpful. Very attentive.I am sure the rooms have not been refurbished in a long while. The bed was very low and soft and the decor generally quite dark. The bathroom is the real low point. The tiles need re-grouting or least cleaning up so the mould does not show. The bathroom is also very tiny and difficult to squeeze in to use the toilet with your knees pressing against the side of the bath.Cleanliness OK. Location is the real selling point. The rooms need a face lift.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>CareBearCoventry
<Content>Loved the Crowne Plaza City Centre Having read some of the other reviews after booking this hotel I was a bit apprehensive for our stay. However we had a great time and found the hotel ideal for what we wanted. Our room was plenty big enough for the two of us. There was also plenty of storage space for clothes etc. The bathroom was a bit of a squeeze but again fine for what we needed. The location of the hotel was spot on. We were in walking distance of all the attractions  the station. We booked a canal cruise whilst we were there. It cost us 11 euros each for an hour cruise. This was a great way to see Amsterdam and once the cruise had finished we headed back to a lovely canal cafe we had spotted whilst on the cruise and had lunch / wine. We did ventured into the Red Light District. It was a real eye opener and to be honest we had a bit of a laugh. We sat in the Old Sailor pub and people watched and got talking to lots of people. Saturday night the weather was bad. Heavy rain. So we went back to our hotel and ate in the bar. The service was excellent. The barman kept checking that the music wasn't too loud and he provided us with a bowl of nibbles before our food arrived. When we checked out there was a mini bottle of gin on our bill. However it turns out that if things are moved in the mini bar this registers on your bill. The only things we had from the mini bar were the bottles of coke and at 7 euros each it was the most expensive coke I've ever drank! We got the train back to the airport which took about 10 mins. The station was minutes from the hotel and it is much cheaper to catch a train than grab a taxi which is what we found out!! All in all a great weekend was had by us both and we are now thinking of our next city break.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>C.Hendon
<Content>Good Location for Walking, So-So for Families w/Kids My husband, 18 month old son and I stayed here for 2 nights in July. We would consider staying here again, if unable to find a better-value property.Given our short time in the city and young child, our priority was to be in a location that allowed us to sightsee on foot/stroller and quickly return if we needed naps. The location was excellent for this. It is a 10 minute walk from the Centraal Station, so we were easily and affordably able to take a train from the Airport. It is also surrounded by restaurants, shops and small grocery markets. We had no problems finding a place to eat or pick up odds and ends. A 15-20 minute walk in any direction allowed us to see tons of attractions. A possible downside on the location for those families with kids is that it is quite close to the Red Light District which wasn't a problem as our son is so young, but might give rise to interesting questions and conversations if he was older...The facility itself proved to be less than we expected. Given the price we paid and the reputation of the Crowne Plaza (and stays in CP's in other locations), we were underwhelmed by the room's dated furniture and decor. The beds were comfortable however and the room appeared clean.One other note about the room--the in-room mini-fridge operates on a system that charges you for each stock item removed (we only found those instructions on the inside of the fridge). So, even though you don't consume a can of Coke, just moving it to squeeze a botte of milk in will add the cost of the Coke to your bill. We were presented with a list of such costs, but folks at the desk were obliging in removing the charges when we explained that we had not consumed any items.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Conner2dood
<Content>Best choice near station I have stayed here several times and find it an excellent choice for Amsterdam, especially if you want to stay close to the activities around the station.Staff is very good and No Smoking policy is strictly enforced, you m,ust stand outside to smoke.Rooms are above average, hotel is very clean and ice is available on each floor,,,something not found in many hotels in Amsterdam. Prioce is high but then in this city, anything not expensive is not of very good quality.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mckaykarenj
<Content>Over priced for what it is. I stayed at the Amsterdam Crowne Plaza for a couple of nights during mid-July 2008. The hotel is located 5-10 mins walk from Amsterdam Centraal, which is one of the reaons I chose it. The deciding factor was it claimed to have a fitness suite - it has a pool so I was quite disappointed. However, I used my time walking the streets in the blissfully warm evening sun. The hotel doesn't have many amenitied but when you have Amsterdam on your doorstep this isn't a problem. I ate at a quaint Tapas bar a couple of blocks away on one evening, then Soup Kitchen the second evening. Both were good value for money, friendly and welcoming. The hotel lobby is grand, but the corridors are dark and the room wasn't fantastic. There was plenty of space and the bathroom wasn't dated, which is nice. I am in the Netherlands almost weekl and most hotels so far have had manky bathrooms with moulding grouting. Overall, the hotel tariff is expensive, the check in and and out was efficient and friendly, the room was comfortable and the location was great. I wouldn't rush back, but I wouldn't purposefully not return either.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>iamorgan
<Content>Despite the other reviews, I thought it was quite good! I have just returned from a three-night stay at the Crowne Plaza hotel in Amsterdam CIty Centre and I was rather surprised to read so many negative reviews of the hotel -you have to speak as you find, and I was pleased, overall, despite there being some shortcomings. Briefly:PostiiveStaff -always, without fail, friendly, informed and helpfulFood and Beverage -consistantly first class -this is the thing the hotel does best.Location -four minutes from Central station, two minutes from the nearest tram stop.NeutralPool -it's quite small, but, this is a city centre hotel, so there has to be compromise somewhere. There is also a sauna and a mini gym which are both great, although a jacuzzi or steam room would have been nice!Room -My room was not small based on EU average and I can only assume that either there is another wing of the hotel with tiny rooms, or the previous reviewers have only ever stayed in US hotels -even then, an average NY hotel room is smaller than this room was. The bed was comfortable, and the minibar well stocked. The bathroom was ok and plenty big enough -the shower pressure, whilst not fantastic, was fine. Yet, the room felt a little tired, although it was spotless. There was BBC1 and BBC2 on the TV along with CNN, National Geographic with Dutch subtitles and BBC World Service for English language.NegativeI can't really find anything BAD to say about the hotel to be honest. If I was being picky, I would say that the rooms could do with updating and that housekeeping should refill the minibar every day, but, the hotel is a good place to stay in my view.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hbgirl
<Content>Needs updating and not worth the price My husband and I are actually still at the hotel, we were able to use our credit card points for our stay. Although the location is great, close to shopping and train station, this is definitely not a 4 star hotel. We've been in europe for about 4 weeks now and this is by far the hotel that has charged the most for extras. 22 euros for breakfast? Most breakfasts have been included. 19 euros for WIFI for 24 hrs (it's a small fortune to use the one at the business center)? WIFI has been free at all of our other hotels, except for Vienna where it was only 4 euros for 24 hrs. The room badly needs updating - definitely not worth of the 400 euros that is listed on the back of our door. We would be hard pressed to pay more than 150 euros for this room, and that might be pushing it.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>jg24fan
<Content>Great Location I do not know where people you have putted this hotel down stayed at but it surely was not here. It is in a great location downtown 5 minutes from Central Station and the Various Canal Boats and cruises. 10 Minutes walk from the Main square. The room was ample in size and clean and the staff was more then helpful and friendly. My only negative comment would be about the costly fee for the internet which I found to be quite high compared to all past experiences.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Cariad05
<Content>Great staff We have just returned from a weekend break at the Crowne Plaza a birthday surprise for my partner. Finding the hotel is very simple. On leaving Central Station take the bridge to the right and cross the road being very weary of the trams (they stop for no one!!) Walk up the road and keep to the left the hotel is just around a bend. Check in was speedy and staff were plesant but when we got to our room not only was it very small a small double bed, it faced a brick wall and it also wasn't ready for guests. As this was a special occasion I requested to upgrade to a club room unfortunately for us we couldn't get upgraded until the next day. It was well worth the wait and the additional cost, the room was much bigger the bed more comfortable and the club lounge very welcoming. The staff were extremely helpful especially the consierge and the guest relations guy. There's a wide choice for breakfast including champagne, bucks fizz. Dorias restaurant was very pleasant portions were very novelle cuisine especially the portions we paid 15E for 2 bottles of water!!!!. The hotel is very central and everything is within easy walking. Must Do's all the usual tourist attractions and the canal cruise. Don't do D'Vijff Vlieghen restaurant the staff are pleasant enough, the food is awful. Our starter was given to anouther couple we had to wait an hour for another one and our main course had obviously been kept under some kind of heater as it was dry as a bone and when we complained we we're told that we order the veal well done it was burnt and dry!!! They didnt apologise so we asked for our bill and left. We had a fab time in Amsterdam but our experience at this restaurant was upsetting as it was meant to be a special meal to celebrate my partners birthday. However, we still love Amsterdam and  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>AUKTourist
<Content>Smokey Smokey Smokey We booked a two bedded non-smoking room and ended up after a two hour wait and lots of conversations with a smoking room. It was unbelievable the room was so bad they sent an air purifier which could not shift the smell. The Hotel claim they never got the e-mail and as it is used by tours and airlines for flight crew they claimed to be full. After two days everything ended up either in the wash or at the cleaners.If you are a smoker head for here, it is a good location but eat out. The restaurant and brasserie are typically hotel standard; use this site to find the best. Expect to pay top prices for a basic experience, there are better hotels in Amsterdam for the same money.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>BenjaB
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location I stayed here on business. The hotel is a five minute (or less) walk from the Centraal (train) Station and a very close walk to most of the main areas. Although you can take the trams or rent a bike, I walked from the hotel to the Dam, the Anne Frank House, the Waterlooplein market, the Red Light District and more, just to name a few of the more well known sights. The hotel room had a nice bathroom, a convenient workspace and a good view, and the hotel itself had large working elevators, a nice bar and a very friendly staff. I would defintely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LondonJetsetter
<Content>Excellent location, helpful staff My girlfriend and I stayed here for a 4 day 3 night break over Easter. The location is very good. We flew into Schipol and took the train to the Central Station, the hotel is about 250m from the station, just cross the bridge and walk straight and you will see the sign. The hotel is also well located for public transport (the tram lines 2 and 5 pass right outside), canal cruises (the Holland International office is between the hotel and Central Station) and walking to most of the key tourist areas of Amsterdam.Check-in was quick and easy. We were moved over to the Guest Relations desk as I'm a Platinum Priority Club member. With Platinum we were upgraded to a Crowne Plaza Club room on the 5th floor (non smoking floor), and also given access to the Club Lounge on the 6th floor. I thought I may need parking on the Sunday night and parking is pricy (EUR 40 per night), but discounted for Priority Club members.The hotel is in two sections accessed by different lifts. Reception is on the ground floor along with Concierge, some meeting rooms, the hotel restaurant, the hotel bar/coffee shop and a small curio shop. There is a small gym and smallish swimming pool in the basement.We stayed in Room 513. Standard Holiday Inn style room. The decor is a bit dated but everything is in working order (except the in-drawer hair dryer - which was replaced after a phone call). The bed was quite low to the ground. The view was out over rooftops, looking down over the alley at the back of the hotel and a block of apartments behind the hotel. The bathroom was compact but not tiny. The shower pressure was dissapointing. The TV has a wide range of international channels and, strangely for Holland, BBC1 London and BBC2 London! Wireless and wired internet is available in all rooms. The room has a stocked bar fridge, and a tray with a kettle and tea and coffee sachets. Club Rooms are stocked daily with free Spa Red sparkling mineral water.As has become typical in four and five star hotels, unless you leave the do not disturb sign up whenever you are in the room, you are disturbed by a stream of staff performing functions like checking the minibar.The Club Room is accessed from a lobby on the sixth floor, then up a steep spiral staircase. The Club Lounge has impressive views over the rooftops of Amsterdam. They serve a complimentary continental breakfast in the Club Room each morning from 7 to 11. Breads, pastries, yoghurts, cheeses, cold meats, salmon, spreads, juices and boiled eggs. Choice of teas/coffees from coffee machine. The Club Room has two - very old and slow - PCs for internet access. They purport to offer printing but the printer had networking issues when we wanted to print so the duty manager helped us by printing it at reception instead. On checking the guest relations person suggested that drinks are served in the evenings, in the Club Room - however on the Saturday evening none were forthcoming between 6 and 7pm.We didn't need to use the concierge serice, but others did and they seemed attentive and helpful.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, or try the room service. We discovered some great take away places near the back of the hotel - particularly a noodle shop called Wok to Work - highly recommended and great value for money.All in all, a great stay, no major problems, would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bowenp79
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the mice Stayed here for 5 nights during March whilst on Holiday.Check in was ok, huge disappointment when I got to the room as it was so small I couldn't even walk around most of it, this was after paying for an upgrade to a club room. Spoke to a member of staff and explained that I was a Platinum member and should get a decent room. When I said that it was the smallest room I had ever seen she did say that the hotel did have one room smaller. Luckily we eventually got moved to a room that we could stand up in. Room was clean but for some reason you had to climb over a chair to get into the bathroom. Views from the room consisted of other hotel rooms which was fairly entertaining at times.Club Lounge access was worth paying extra for, great continental breakfast in the morning, free tea/coffee and biscuits throughout the day and as much beer (Grolsch) and wine as you want in the evening. The lounge had great views over the city and a fantastic outdoor terrace . Club Lounge also had a family of small mice who seemed to be able to move very quickly when they knew you had food, bit off putting during the day but a few bottles of wine and you don't really care as much. Seemed odd that all the staff new about the mice but didn't do much about them. Hotel bar and restaurant (Dorrius) were great and certainly worth a visit. Restaurant can also be booked on top table if you want to collect some points. Anyway, overall a good hotel in a very good location. Complain until you get a decent room and you can't go wrong.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>roaminrobby
<Content>no complaints great place to stay we stayed just for one night and found the staff very friendly and helpful,the room was spacious and clean and we wanted for nothing.we'd definatly stay there again  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>AuntieAnne22
<Content>Great base of operations! Called Holiday Inn reservations to make reservation. Got to the hotel and the clerk tried to refuse us a room because we exceeded the max number of people in a room. After we determined that Holiday Inn needed to work on their reservation system and got checked in, we had a very nice stay. Luxury showerhead (at least it seemed like it after a long trip), lots of hot water, firm mattresses, nice pillows, clean room, excellent location. A full breakfast buffet was included in our rate of 191Euros per night for four people. Breakfast was lovely with made to order omlets, waffles and Dutch pancakes. Champagne, all types of juices, breads, fruits, eggs, bacon, sausage, hashbrowns, cheeses, yoghurts, and coldcuts were also on the buffet.Nice, helpful concierge, nice pool area, internet cafe, 5 min walk to central station, and 2 min walk to shopping areas.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>marcyNorthYorkshire
<Content>lovely hotel I can't believe the bad reviews this hotel has got..they must have stayed in a different place to the one we did. The staff were very welcoming, room was spotlessly clean, bed very comfortable, room looked out onto quiet street. The location was fantastic, less than 10 minutes walk from the Central Station and very close to lots of bars, shops, the old town and canal boats. We never had to get a single taxi anywhere.Th breakfast couldn't be faulted and the buffet offered a wide range of food including freshly cooked omellets, pancakes and waffles.There were sofas in reception and the bar was fine. I really couldn't complain about any of it. So ignore those bad reviews if you want a hotel that is situated ideally for a break in this lovely city.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chrisi2007
<Content>Great location       our room  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>laila2007
<Content>Stay Away : old and moldy Stay away form this hotel. Many of their stuff in their rooms are old and need renovations, also our room smelled moldy. When we got back from vacation I noticed they charged us for our stay of 4 nights and then they had put in another charge for the same thing. They charged us 2x instead of once. Their management sucks and we had to basically call them back and forth for weeks until we got out money back. Bunch of thieves  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Hondacrv
<Content>Great Location For City Break My wife and I stayed at this Hotel from 30/12/07until 4/01/08. The location is excellent and is a five minute walk from Central Station. We booked a Club Room which entitled us to Continental Breakfast and included free tea, coffee, soft drinks ,beer, wine and snacks to 11pm each day. The room was very comfy and a good size although the bathroom was small. It had all the usual ameneties and was very clean. The Hotel is excellently situated for travellers and there is plenty of shops ,resturants etc nearby. The tram stop is a short distance away and we found this extremely easy to use and inexpensive. A strip ticket costs euro6.80 and will be good for two people for about 4 or 5 runs. All of the staff were very helpful. The Hotel had a leisure centre which included a pool although we got no time to use it, the facilities offered looked good. I would probably book this Hotel as room only again as it is expensive to include the breakfast and there is numerous resturants/cafes acrosss the street offering full english breakfasts for approximately 7 euros. Overall a good experience and I would definately recommend this Hotel and it is one I would return to on a visit again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>couturefan
<Content>Crappy and Overpriced This place's one saving grace is its location but as Amsterdam is so small this really shouldn't be a factor. The furniture was very worn and old, the linen was off white and looked dirty and the room we got was freezing as the air con didnn't work properly. We asked (twice) way in advance for a room that was NOT over the front of the hotel. This was confirmed as being not a problem but of course we ended up with a room over the front of the hotel. The staff were on the whole nice but when our Connexxions bus(dont use this crowd you'll be waiting in the cold for your mini-bus) was delayed and we asked the desk staff to contact them we were told Connexxions is a third party and basically told to wait. Not service you'd expect for that price, though some of the staff were friendly enough. Which brings me to my last point. Without doubt, this is the WORST VALUE FOR MONEY hotel I have ever stayed in. The cost compared to what you got was abysmal. I only booked here because it was over New Years and literally this was the last hotel available.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>marek1978
<Content>Good location, moderate price Very good location, close to central train station, trams, bicycle rentals and local attractions  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KimCambs
<Content>Fantastic Location We spent 2 nights here and would say the location is fantastic. 5 minutes walk from Central Station, near to shops and restaurants with a 5 minute walk to Dam Square.The hotel is supposed to be 5 star, but we would say its a 4 star. The rooms we had were very comfy, especially the beds and we asked for non-smoking and thats what we got, although as a previous review said, there was definitely a 'smoking smell' in the corridors. The bathrooms could do with being refurbished, but were clean.The bar / reception area was ok, but we felt the hotel could do with a lounge area with setees etc.(there was one for Club rooms, but they were considerably more expensive rooms).The food was good in the bar and for the breakfasts, although sometimes the 'buffet hot plates' were empty and we had to wait for them to be replenished. We didn't eat in the restaurant.The swimming pool is not very big, but in a capital city centre I suppose to be expected, although we would have spent more time in the 'leisure' area had there been more there.Security was excellent as you needed your room key to access the lifts as well as your room and late at night they ask to see the room key before letting you in.The staff were friendly and all spoke English very well.We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>roadwarrior30
<Content>Showing it's age RECOMMENDED: A short walk from the main train station, this property is starting to show it's age. Dimly lit rooms, bathroom fittings showing their age. BUT this is Amsterdam and it's convenient location and relative quiet make this an OK choice for your visit. The restaurant is to be avoided.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>EuroCityWeekender
<Content>Great location, spacious room, polite staff Stayed at the Amsterdam Crowne Plaza during early December. Would definitely recommend, based on our experience. At time of booking double room had requested non-smoking, but told that only smoking room available. Took the smoking room, but requested a move to non-smoking if another became available ... didn't hold out much hope, though.On arrival, warmly welcomed, plenty of staff on reception, excellent english and very helpful. Told us that we had automatically been moved to a non-smoking room when one became available, and were allocated rom 201. 201 was right at the end of the corridor - on the plus side, we were only joined to one room, on the minus side the room faced the street. Happy with this, as we tend to find noise comes more from adjoining rooms than outside the hotel. Hotel is situated on a main but not overly busy road - we noticed far more cyclists and trams than cars and this, along with the well insulated room, made getting to sleep at about 11.45 p.m. very easy. Quiet all through the night, too. No-one passes your door to go to their room, so no loud voices and banging doors.Spacious room with two double beds, and plenty of space for clothes, suitcases etc. One long double window, and another in opposite wall, so plenty of light. Small/medium bathroom, fully functional. Room, bathroom, linens etc. spotlessly clean. Hotel is excellently situated for travellers - 5 mins walk from main station in Amsterdam, reachable within 17 mins from Schipol airport. We were in hotel only 35 mins after arriving at schipol railway station. Hotel only a few minutes away from the start of the main shopping lanes, but far enough away from nighttime revellers that there was no noise after midnight. Didn;t try the hotel breakfast - never do, as prefer coffee and rolls in local cafes as part of the experience - but menu was extremely comprehensive and the usual price of 'bit more than you might hope to pay'. In-room tea and coffee making was good.Overall, a really good experience - the staff couldn't do enough to help, providing with maps and directions, keeping our luggage and being unfailingly polite. Would recommend trip to diamond factory in museum area.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DonegalBhoy
<Content>Expensive and poor I have just stayed in this hotel for the past 4 nights. I was supposed to be staying for 12 but moved hotels today as even though I was staying in a Club room it was VERY small and stank of smoke even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. Every night of my stay when I got back from work at night my card wouldn't open my room door. The rooms apart from being small were badly in need of refurbishment and the overall impression was very dated. For the price of 拢200 a night it was robbery. Definitely won't be returning.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Minako
<Content>ok, good base Rooms comfortable and fairly decent in terms of furniture and size. Dressing gowns and slippers provided. Our rooms were at the back of the hotel which was very quiet. As none of the windows in the rooms open up and smoking (including the obvious local smoke) seems to be allowed the air can get a little sickly as you go down the halls to your room.Beware of city tax when you book as you are not told about this until you check out. This was an extra 40 euros on top. This hotel is on the main tram line which was a huge bonus for travelling around or getting back when you are lost. If you are getting a taxi from the airport check with the driver first for the cost. There was a group of 10 of us and one taxi cost 65 euros whilst the other paid only 35 euros, it then cost us 58 euros to return and 39 euros for the other car (quess which one I was in, typical!!).  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seattle98101
<Content>Decent hotel, great location I stayed three nights at the Crowne Plaza on a business trip, and found it very comfortable. My room was clean and well-appointed (plenty of hangars and space to put things away, iron  board, comfortable bed, etc.) although nothing special or memorable. As my time was mostly taken up with work, I didn't spend a lot of time in the room or ask much of the staff, but they were pleasant and helpful. What I appreciated most was the location of this property - very close to the train station, so quite easy to get to and from the airport via quick, cheap public transportation and no worries about traffic (versus the hotel shuttle, which takes almost an hour!) And you are in central Amsterdam so there's lots to see and do when you step out the door. I would definitely consider it for a leisure trip based on that.On previous trips to Amsterdam I have stayed at the NH New Amsterdam, at the opposite end of town. That is a fancier, nicer property but too far to drag suitcases to  from the train station.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bubblesdevere
<Content>Good location, but pricey The Crowne Plaza City Centre is located about 5 minutes walk from the Central Station. If you get a bit lost (as we did) there are helpful signs pointing in the right direction. Although the front of the hotel faces a busy main road, traffic isn't a problem as there are few cars in Amsterdam, most people travelling by trams and bicycle. Behind the hotel is a pedestrianised shopping street which runs down to Dam Square and the Red Light District. Inside the hotel is very modern and clean but is definitely more of a business hotel than a tourist one, though there was a mixture of business people and holidaymakers when we were there. It also seems to be popular with airline crew. I missed not having a nice lounge area with comfortable chairs to relax in and enjoy a coffee or drink after a hard day sightseeing. Instead there is the choice of a dark and smoky bar or an inside patio area adjacent the bar but neither felt right just.Our room on the 5th floor was clean, bright and fairly spacious but you could have been anywhere in the world, such was the corporate nature of it. But I guess that's what you get when you stay in a chain hotel. We got a room without breakfast included. The first morning we were so tired we did have the hotel breakfast. There was a good choice (including champagne) but at 鈧?2 per person it made an already expensive hotel room even more expensive. The next morning we got a tram to Vondelpark and had breakfast in the sunshine at the Vertigo caf茅 (鈧?.50 per person).The star of our stay though was the concierge who handled every request for information with humour and a smile. He was brilliant.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ClintABix
<Content>avoid this dump I have never paid so much money for such a bad hotel. The room was dark, dingy and dirty. Everything reeked of cigarette smoke (I wasn't given a choice of smoking or non-smoking), including the bedsheets, which made me realise that the sheets hadn't been changed since the last occupant (at least). Everything was old and threadbare, but not in a charming way. Breakfast wasn't included in the extortionate price of 234 Euros, so I paid a 17.50 Euro surcharge to have breakfast included. I shouldn't have wasted my money. I had fried eggs on toast. I thought the chef was going to cook them as I waited, instead, she reached over to a tray of pre-fried eggs and flipped a couple on my plate. They were rubbery and cold.When I left, no one asked me if I had a good stay, they just took my money and shoved the receipt at me. I was very glad to be leaving.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>ECH_MEH
<Content>Good downtown hotel Stayed three nights on the Club level. It's a short walk from the train station and most downtown sights. Room was nice but we were disappointed in the size and comfort of the bed. It was the smallest queen sized bed we'd ever seen. The Club lounge was nice and has a rooftop terrace.Good location in town. Lots of bars and restaurants nearby. Pretty quiet room for being in the middle of town.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>liza8831
<Content>Stay AWAY!! The worse hotel to stay at. We only booked for one night just in case we might not like the hotel. Thank God we only stayed one night. The hotel is old, smelly and the sheets were dirty. We found a few strings of hair on the bed sheet along with a yellow stain Ewwwww. The staff and management had a disgusting attitude, they felt as if they were too good to do their job. Please Stay Away from this hotel, it seems nice when you think its in the center of everything but in the end who wants to sleep in dirty stained sheets. Absolutely not worth it.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Hairyone
<Content>A bargain at nearly 拢200 a night A lot of very unfair things have been said about this Hotel and to put the record straight our overall experience could not have been better.Location - This Hotel is convienietnly located near one of the cities entertaining red light districts and is surrounded by those interesting little coffeee houses where you can absorb the pure essence of Amsterdam. An experience not to be missed and the short distance back to the Hotel is an added benefit.Hotel Transport Links - Fortunately a very busy mainroad runs right outside the Hotels front door which makes getting to any part of the city on the numerous Trams or Taxis that travel the road throughout the day and night quick and easy.Hotel clientel - One of the many things that makes staying at a top end luxury Hotel like the Crowns Plaza so interesting and entertaining are the other guests. For instance, when we stayed there were a large group of Brisitsh Hells Angels checking in. What characters they were and despite their fearsome reputation it was a great credit to the staff at the Hotel who laughed and joked with them as if their presence was an everyday occourance, Quite admirable.Hotel Resturant  bar area's - These were fantastic places. Loud, noisy, crowded with a dark, dusky atmosphere that put us right in the mood for a serious evening of clubbing and partying. The restuarants could not have been better with food that was to die for and service was out of this world. In fact we learned that none of the catering staff were locals so 'out of this world' probably explains it.Hotel Staff - What a great bunch of characters, It was so good to see a business establishment providing a chance in life to people from other countries, some of whom did not even understand basic english although they all spoke it to some degree or other. It all added to the foriegn atmosphere. the staff were a great credit to the Management.Hotel Rooms - Contrary to the negative experience of many other guests we had nothing to complain about here although we were probably too bladdered to notice most of the time. But, everything worked  the beds were clean and made each day. Rest in peace we say.Summary - All in all we had a great time and much of that was down to the Crowne Plaza being such a great Hotel. If you want a coupe of rip roaring exciting nights in a Hotel that is open minded and where anything goes then this is the Hotel for you.We give it a five for fun  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yacya
<Content>Simply put- Location! Don't think twice and book this hotel if you found a good deal. You can read all of the reviews and see all the mixed opinions about this hotel but in all honesty if you are going to Amsterdam to see the city then you are only going to sleep in your hotel room. The location of this hotel cannot be better. You will be within walking distance from everything: canal tours, museums, shops, markets. Yes- this hotel has small rooms but this is Amsterdam, the buildings are so narrow that it's impossible to fit a huge room. The bathrooms are small as well and toilets are at an angle but it is still very clean and has all the essentials of a good hotel. For all the Americans I can tell you that this is not your typical Crowne Plaza with its 4**** rating. It is an old hotel with a pleasant staff and a convenient location. One recommendation though, don't prepay for your breakfast when you book your hotel. It鈥檚 not worth EUR 20- just walk outside of the hotel and have a breakfast in some local cafes. Enjoy your time in this city- you will have plenty to remember of this trip!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caitni2000
<Content>Grand Central Spot Used priority club points to stay here first weekend in July. We wanted to see and experience Amsterdam and were only in our hotel to sleep at night, and catch 40winks in the afternoon.Very contented with the hotel. Room was large and clean, as was the bathroom with ample toilteries, coffee making facilities, iron, hair dryer etc. all as expected. The buffet breakfast in the lounge was adequate, as was the gym, however the pool was a little cold - but was empty when we went to it. Also very small, not long enough for laps and no jacuzzi. The hotel is tucked in by central station, so very convenient for the airport, but a little quieter that street front locations. Tram is easily accessed at the front door to take you to Liedseplein (sp??), Anne Frank and Van Gough Museum area. Its a short walk to the red light and shopping areas with many little restaurants along the way. Consierge Staff are very helpful in advising tickets and attractions and don't rip you off.Over all a clean convinient hotel we were very happy with.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lulumama
<Content>a total gem Absolutely a great place-central location to cruiselines,airport ,city tours and shopping.True, some rooms might be slightly dated,but spacious and the staff so helpful and knowledgeable that makes everyone feel great.We travelled as a family with a special needs child and not only did we feel welcome but the front desk and housekeeping catered to our every need.We have stayed twice this year and would highly recommend the place!!!Not to be missed-the incredible breakfast,the club lounge and....a less known but nice game room for kids and teens.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sherbert
<Content>Not a great hotel Stayed here a couple of years ago and have just had a similar experience in a hotel of the same chain elsewhere. We checked in and I had arranged an upgrade, whilst the staff were fine the rooms are disappointing. Our bathroom had the toilet at an angle, as otherwise it would not have fitted in! Bed comfy, but could have been better.When I returned and complained through the priority club programme, I never heard back from them. Not a bad location and a shame that many hotels connected with Priority Club are let down by a lack of TLC and a lack of newness.So many other hotels which offer great service and rooms.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>SBCornwall
<Content>Could do better Second stay at this hotel, though the last was several years ago. It is rather tired now and seems to lack investment. Club Room was not really worth the extra. Little things were missing such as the complimentary newspaper and footstools for the furniture - things which are used to sell these rooms. Breakfast was a rather tired affair with little room to sit and, when the croissants ran out, they stayed run out! Rather a pain, too, not to be able to reach the Club lounge from my room without going down to the lobby and taking another lift. Despite what another reviewer said, the in room bar is not complimentary. I checked! On the plus side, the hotel managed to accommodate me for an early check-in. However, all things considered, I would look around next time for another venue.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>dtg6192
<Content>Great hotel - great city - love the place I have been reading the reviews of this hotel and most seem to be of a negative experience. I found this hotel to be excellent.I have visited Amsterdam 5 times since 2001 and stayed in this hotel on 4 of those occasions. The first time i stayed in the city I stayed here then the following year stayed at another 5 star hotel opposite - now that was poor - since then i have always stayed at the Crowne Plaza.I can only speak of my experiences here and every time i find the staff are brilliant, helpful, courteous and yes I'm sure they get paid buttons and are polite and helpful as they wish to be given tips but that doesn't mean we need to give them a negative review.Some people comment that the management are not bothered - again I find this to be the opposite.The bathroom decor may not be as contempory as some more recently decorated hotels but they are clean  in full working order. There is nothing wrong with the bedroom either. they are excellent. The location of the hotel is bang in the centre and in a great position for access from Centraal Train Station (3 or 4 mins walk), near Damrak, Dam Square, Red Light District and not too long a walk to the likes of Anne Frank's House, Westerkirk Tower and even to more vibrant night life areas such as Leidesplein.I appreciate some people have stayed in hundreds of hotels and do so on a regular basis so thay may be able to comment on hotels in Helsinki or wherever they have been but I would highly recommend this hotel for people who are on their first or a return visit to Amsterdam. Maybe me being from an inner city area of Manchester is not used to all these nice luxurious surroundings.It's location is great, mini bar prices are actually very good (go to the local bars and see you pay at least 鈧?.50 for 1/2 litre - not a pint - of Heineken with a head bigger than humpty dumpty and in the hotel mini bar it's 鈧?.50 for a 330ml can of Grolsch - a premium beer - not bed for a hotel then.The hotel has it's own pool and gym which is free to use for residents - the other 5 star hotel I stayed in didn't have these facilitiesI could go on but i've said enought for you to get the general impression.Try it for yourself and see - or go to the not so much cheaper hotels in the city and bear in mind this is a capital city that is very busy with tourists so prices are bound to be a bit dearer than some out of the way places - then you will see that you get exceptional value for money in this hotel  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EXPERIENCED1
<Content>Enough said A personal viewWe had stayed at this hotel on dozens of occasions in the early 90's. In fact, at that time it was one of our favourite hotels and could easily hold it's own with other 'superior' hotel in Amsterdam - but not any more.What has changed? Well, with two notable exceptions the answer is absolutely nothing whosoever. The whole place is still stuck in an 80's time warp. It is bland, characterless and depressing with a decor that would not look out of place in a brown on beige 80's Colombo movie. The bedrooms are depressing and unimaginative (don't go there for your honeymoon) - did I say depressing again. In the bathrooms, apart from some peculiar space age soap dispensers (a smart salesman at work here) things have not changed in over 20 years, ugh. The public areas look and feel like an 80's shopping mall of the worse kind and the public rooms have the despairing air of the worst kind of UK motorway service station. So what has not changed? The first surprise is the room rate. It's very, very high indeed. For the 5 stars (how do they judge these things) that the place is definitely not you can get better value elsewhere in Amsterdam by paying far less for far more.The second change is the staff. We are very pleased to report that without exception the ordinary workers in the hotel (all immigrants who no doubt needed the work) were unbelievably efficient, outstandingly helpful and very eager to please. Quite wonderful people !Unfortunately the exact opposite could be said of the junior so called 'Management' who turned out to be extremely unhelpful, rude, supercilious and arrogant. This must be one of the very few commercial establishments in Europe where the 鈥楳anagement鈥檚鈥?attitude is 'the customer is always wrong'.In summary, if this 'Crowne Plaza' was downgraded to a Holiday Inn it would not do credit to the Holiday Inn brand.However, you will appreciate that this is just our personal opinion based upon staying in literally hundreds of hotels over the past 30 years in dozens of countries in Europe and the rest of the world. So, why not find out for yourself. Book yourself in for a night. Pay the exorbitantly high tariff. Enjoy the un stimulating decor. Explore the depressing public spaces and when you get back to your room put a pillow over your head to block out the realization that you might, just might have made a very expensive mistake. And one last crucial tip for your enjoyment, don't whatever you do expect anything from at least the junior 鈥榤anagement鈥?but ingratitude. After all, the customer is always wrong 鈥?at least in this establishment !!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rooc
<Content>Just ok.. Whilst the hotel is in a very good location, it is not of 5 star standard. In addition, the attitude of at least half of the staff we dealt with was that they were doing us a favour letting us stay there. We booked a Club room which was slightly dingy, damaged wallpaper, mould in shower area - on one day our room hadn't been serviced when we returned back at about 4pm. The Club Lounge was pleasant - comfy chairs, internet access, terrace to sit outside - we found this particularly useful as the hotel didn't have a lounge as such where you could sit. What is actually included in the Club room price is - a supposedly better room (I don't believe they are any different, just have a dressing gown, better toiletries etc), continental breakfast until 11a.m - very average and on one day no seating available, drinks throughout the day - Heinekin lager, red and white wine, diet coke, Fanta, water and tea and coffee. However, the hotel website says the Club Lounge is open 'til 12pm when in fact the bar closes at 11pm and tea / coffee is not available after 10:30 because staff start to clean the machine. Also, very off putting was the fact that one evening when the Lounge was quiet we saw a mouse - worrying since the Lounge is on the 6th floor (and there are lots of floors beneath it!) and also because food is served in there. We told Reception but they didn't seem overly bothered.Pool - smallish and a bit cold but clean as were the changing facilities.Would I use it again? Probably not - for the price paid there must be better central hotels. Its also put us off Holiday Inn as there seems to be no consistency across hotels so you can't be sure what you're getting (e.g. we have stayed in the Crowne Plaza in Helsinki which was in a totally different league)  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>alebrighton123
<Content>The worst hotel in Amsterdam This was the worst hotel I ever stayed and it wasn't cheap. I've been to 4 and 5 stars hotels and this one is definetely not a 4 star. Our room was dark and when we asked to change rooms we got another one that stink tobacco! It was just impossible to breathe. It wasn't very clean either. I don't recomend it at all.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	2	

<Author>Coggie
<Content>Great hotel......but upgrade your room !! I emailed the hotel to upgrade my room to a superior club room and got a huge2 room suite with 3 big velux opening windows 2 tv's desk, and use of the club lounge and free mini bar, and free WiFi internet acess ( had to be renewed every 24 hours)I had to call a couple of times to get the mini bar re stocked.I found the staff friendly and helpfull at all times.....One of the best hotels i have used in europe.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Eggrollman
<Content>Great location, but bad view This is my first trip to Amsterdam and I am glad that I decided to spent the extra money to stay in the central area. It would of been about half price if I stayed near the airport. The location is great, it was only a 5 minute walk from central station. It is right on a main road so it was really easy to find. I said bad view because i had a room on the inside ring instead of having a room that faced the street. The room is quite basic, for the price and star rating I would of expected a much nicer room. The room was clean, I had a real comfortable queen size bed, and the size of it was sufficient. Even with all the light on and curtain open the room would remain quite dark, it felt like I was in the basement even though I stayed on the 2nd floor. This was after all a vacation so time was only spent sleeping while I was in the room. The location was excelent! It was only a 5 min walk to the Tram(trolly system) and 5 min to the Red Light district where a lot of good resturant, coffee shops, and bars are at on top of all the red light activities. While this is definitely a great location at first I definitly found several other locations through out the city that was eqally as good. The area around the Crown Plaza has a different crowd of people here. The crowd mostly consist of crowds that frequent the coffee shops, and being so close to the red light district it defitnitly attracted more of a male crowd. It wasn't until I left the area to Leisaplein, I think that's how you spell it, but it was a area in Amsterdam that had more shops than coffee shops, thus more Females. Those European girls are just gorgeous. Me and my friends hung out in this area for a good day. It wasn't too far to all the museums either, so for all those that are visiting Amerdam this is not a bad area to stay in. Back to Crown Plaza, I guess for the location the price is okay. It would be like staying in mid-town in Manhatten which rooms are pretty basic unless you fork out double the amount. It just didn't feel like a 4-5 star hotel, was my biggest complaint. It's definitly a City to come back to but now that I know the city a whole lot better I don't think I will stay here again. I think there are definitly better deals around the city and with the great transit system that they have it doesn't matter where you stay really.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ste1977
<Content>Location Location Location....       Club Lounge  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>LarryN1
<Content>Second to none!!! We had stayed at the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam for a weekend while mixing some pleasure with a business trip...The service and friendliness offered in this hotel from the door man. check-in service, concierge etc. was second to none.Being a Platinum / Ambassador of the Intercontinental Priority Club in most cases upon check-in will get you a pleasant greeting and maybe a slight room upgrade however, at this Hotel we were treated as if we were dignitaries!!(Room upgrade, concierge lounge, fruit basket and wine!!!) Our room was clean, comfortable, well appointed, and really quite spacious for European Hotel Standards.The location of this hotel is great a 5 min walk from the Central Station, but was in a very safe area, 500 meters from the Tram Stops.I must admit that we had lots of fun with other guests on the rooftop patio of the concierge lounge watching the sunset on an unusually warm evening in late April.I would highly recommend this Hotel to anyone!!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MintTea
<Content>Fantastic Location The hotel is in a fantastic location, less than 5 mins fro Centraal Station. Just get the train from the airport to the station, it's very quick and easy about 20-25 mins from hotel to airport.I stayed in Rm 251, a twin with double beds. This is a great room as it's at the end of the corridor so no one ever passes your door!We didn't have breakfast included in our rate (98E/night) but there is a supermarket about 10 mins down the road and lots of little bakeries nearby. Loads of sights are within walking distance, along with shops, restaurants, Dam Square etc etc.The hotel has a small gym (with temperamental machinery!) however it was pretty good to get up in the morning and do a workout then go for a dip in the pool (quite small and a little chilly but this just encouraged you to swim faster!) and then relax in the sauna (these are situated in the changing rooms so are single sex only).There was the usual variable room service - sometimes you got your water refreshed, sometimes not, sometimes they gave you more toiletries, sometimes not but as usual in hotels if you ask one of the chamber maids for something they are more than happy to get it for you.Overall a brilliant hotel for sight seeing and a very quiet room.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>rumtraveler
<Content>Great stay My husband and I are just back from a three night stay which we enjoyed. We cannot fault the hotel in any way.We upgraded to a club room which was average size and very clean, with all the extra things you would expect from a club room.The breakfast that was provided in the club lounge was good. We also could have free drinks, snacks and computer acess in the club lounge.The staff were very helpful and polite.We had dinner in a steak house opposite the hotel one night and it was excellent.The hotel is very near the central station and is in a good location for sight seeing.We took the train from the airport to central station.Get an open return, it saves you time on your way back. The train from the airport is very straight forward to use and is a lot cheaper than getting the shuttle bus or taxi.We did not use the tram but we did use the canal bus to get around.If we were to return to Amsterdam we would use the hotel again.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>eknowledge
<Content>Pleasant Stay We have just returned from a stay at this location/hotel.Earlier comments had worried us prior to booking and arrival.We flew low cost (Easyjet) and arrived early evening. We caught the connexion hotel shuttle bus at 12.50 Euro per person, single trip. Knowing now how easy it is to travel via train to the city Central station, we would do this next time - and at 3.60 Euro much cheaper. The hotel is very close to the station. We were welcomed at concierge, and informed of the night rate, city tax and VAT charges. We were given vouchers for Hard Rock cafe and informed of the electronic charging attached to contents in the room fridge.The reception area was adequate with a seperate area for priority club members.We were given 2 key cards which made access easier.The room on the 3rd floor was at the back of the hotel, quiet, very comforatble with A/C and tea/coffee facilities. Although perhaps not 4 star by some hotels of this chain - it is vastly different to Crown Plaza London Knightsbridge, the staff were all polite, informative and revealed no attitude towards tourist questions.We didn't dine in the restaurant but did use the pool. As other advisors have suggested - it is relatively small.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Plumstead
<Content>Friendly hotel, fantastic location We stayed here over the Easter weekend as a family of 3 with a 10 year old. I was on crutches so had to be as near to transport as possible. The nearby tram. bus and canal bus stops took us to all the major attractions with ease. Central Station is only a short walk away too. We booked a club room and to be honest it just seemed like a standard roon to us. It was a bit small - everytime I sat in one of the armchairs I hit my head on the lamp. It was comfortable and fairly clean (bathroom needs a refurb as a bit grubby here and there). We loved the Club Lounge and went there every evening to relax and play chess or scrabble. The free mini-bar was never replenished unless we asked. The staff were friendly and fulfilled our requests, but really this should be done automatically - or why bother booking a club room. My son and husband used the pool, but said it was very small and got too busy to use at times. As a 4 star hotel it is not the best we have stayed in, but for friendliness and location it is hard to beat.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	2	4	4	5	

<Author>SushiPrincess
<Content>Good location Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 weeks in April. The hotel is standard at best, but does have a good location. The desk staff is continually bewildered when asked about the surrounding area (i.e. - Where is a good place to go for lunch? Enter a blank stare here....). Breakfast was included, and is pretty good. Besides the standard fare, there is a chef who prepares pancakes, waffles, omelets, etc. The rooms are predictably small, and stuffy. I stayed in a standard room, with no view or windows that opened. The decor and bathroom are in need of an update. The lighting is poor; even with all of the lights on it still seems like you are lighting the room with one 40 watt bulb. The location is a short walk from the train station, and close to many good restaurants and attractions. Overall, would probably look for another hotel in the same area if I return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>richard9999
<Content>Excellent Our accommodation was excellent. We had a club room which was on special internet offer rate on the website. With a club room you get free breakfast, free minibar, extra free stuff in the room, your own dedication check-in desk, free wifi, reduced rate on the valet parking, free bar, free easter eggs for the kids etc. The service was top quality. Everyone really nice and friendly. The place was spotless - obviously just been done up. Not cheap, but one of the best business class hotels I've ever stayed in. Thoroughly recommended. Great location too.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrenchDub
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed for four nights as a family of four, with the children (aged 4 and 6) sharing for free in a room with two double beds. The room was clean and functional. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. We did not eat at the hotel and so cannot say anything about the food quality (there is an abundance of restaurants within a short stroll that are fun to explore and mostly child-friendly) . The pool (if a little small) was a great attraction for the children and a great way to relax after a days touring in amsterdam. The location was fantastic being adjacent to major roads, the central station, tram lines and major shopping and other key attractions. Amsterdam is quit compact and easy to find you way around. We contempated staying outside and travelling in each day but our stay at the Crowne Plaza convinced us that staying in the heart of the city was the right option! The pool was the cherry on the cake. If you have young children, you will be glad to know that the hotel is sufficiently distant from the red light district and there are no overt shopfronts etc. nearby which would lead you to having to answer awkward questions! Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>aehrentraut
<Content>Wonderful! My two girlfriends and I stayed here for 3 nights on a trip for my birthday. First of all, this hotel is in a great location. We felt safe, and enjoyed the hotel's many amenities. When we arrived we found out that we needed a white card to recieve the family and friends discount (as one of my companions works for a hotel in the same brand). We arranged to have it emailed over and it was all taken care of within 24 hours of our arrival. Our room was not ready so the manager sent us over to the hotel bar to enjoy a few Heinekens while we waited. We had hardly gotten halfway into our beers when we were informed our room was ready and our bags had been taken up already. The pool was a great way to relax after our arrival and the room was quite large and comfortable. The housekeeping was immaculate and whenever we needed anything the staff was right on top of it. Don't listen to negative reviews...What a great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>psymn
<Content>We had a wonderful vacation, Great location and Attentive service We booked the hotel using Priority club points, so we did not have to pay much for 4 nights in Amsterdam. Even if we had paid full price, it would be worth it!The hotel is very close to the Central train station. There are shops, cafes, bars, and dining all nearby. The staff was very friendly and even moved our bags to a new room due to a booking mixup. The room was much larger other hotel rooms i've seen in Amsterdam. If you are used to standard rooms in the US with soap  shampoo in the bath, and enough room to sit somewhere other than the bed, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU.The bar was cozy, and the service was good. The restaurant looked nice, but we didn't come to AMS to spend the weekend in our hotel. I did not use the pool or sauna.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frost21
<Content>Never Again! We booked this hotel for my hen party weekend as even though we wanted to do the bars and clubs we also wanted somewhere to chill and relax and have a swim and sauna! Firstly location wise this hotel is great, very close to central station and near the shops. All in all that is very handy. The pool inside the hotel is tiny! I would say it was only twelve by twelve and the sauna is also miniscule-We managed to squeeze only 4 n at a time! However all that I could live with, the hotel staff were another matter!At one stage I thought there must have been a stage in the interviewing process for cowne plaza where they tested the snotty looks and condescending attitudes of their staff because here at Amsterdam city centre, they have these qualities down to a tee! We had arranged our booking through a friends and family discount of which we hadn't been gievn a white card. We arranged for the hotel in the UK to fax through TWO statements saying we were entitled to the discount which 'apparently' were never received dispite the UK hotel having accepted receipts and confirming the number with the amsterdam reception. In the midst of this the staff were rude, laughed when we were clearly upset with the situation and not once offered any assistance in receiving the confirmation! A simple call to the UK was too much for them. Finally on the second to last stay we were granted an audience with the duty manager who was also exceptionally off hand sharp with us and finally agreed to call the UK. Fianlly the fax was received and we were able to relax that we would only have to pay the rates we had initially agreed to when making the booking.I could almost understand the attitude if we were a huge group of loud and brash girls but in no way were we. We were considerate of other visitors and polite to everyone. Maybe that was the problem for the staff here at the crowne plaza amsterdam-they thought polite behaviour was just too abnormal. Worse still, I paid in cash for the rooms at the end of the stay and when I returned home, I found I had been charged on my debit card for all three rooms (my card was used for only one room) for the full rate! Has taken a week to organise the refund and am exceptionally grateful i kept the receipt. So after this rant about the staff I would say to other people staying at this hotel to take ALL documentation of the rates you agreed when making the booking and keep receipts of EVERYTHING as I ahve yet to receive an apology from this hotel for our stay and have moved my complaint to the head office here in the UK.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>OrlaDublinIreland
<Content>Would not stay here again! We are a group of 20 people who holiday at this time every year and this was our first trip to Amsterdam.This was by far the worst hotel we have stayed in.The receptionists were totally unprepared for our arrival and extremely rude when checking all of us in. The night staff were very unhelpful as well.We must have confirmed our booking with the hotel directly about 5 times before our actual arrival but yet they wanted to charge us for an extra night which we had pre-paid beforehand.This hotel in no way merits a 4* rating. Two to three star is the most it would merit.The rooms are small and outdated. If you hate your job and it shows then don't work on a front desk of a hotel reception.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>LeighBCD
<Content>Good location for Central Station The biggest plus for this hotel is its convenient location to Central Station. Otherwise it is a standard chain hotel, the rooms felt a little tired decor wise. The breakfast was excellent. The other point to note is that the hotel will charge you a penalty if you have to do not stay the full total of nights of your original booking. In my view this is acceptable if you are on a pre-paid package but I was not, I was on a nightly rate and had to leave early for business reasons. Be aware.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tarakent
<Content>Really Nice My Husband and I stayed in this hotel in January for an anniversary break. The location was perfect for the train station, shops and the nightlife. We upgraded to a Club room which meant we had free minibar (except spirits) which was replenished each day and access to the roof top lounge. The lounge itself wasn't particularly large but very nice, I'd imagine lovely in the summer when the terrace can be used. The complimentary snacks and drinks were available til midnight and in the morning a lovely continental breakfast was available, all included in the cost. The room was nice but quite basic and probably due for a new coat of paint. We didn't have a particularly nice view but we were on the first floor. I would imagine that Club rooms aren't any different from standard doubles it's just the perks that are different. We did have lunch in the brasserie which was very nice. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Antoine10
<Content>Good Reliable hotel with good location       City View  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lawrencekvr
<Content>Great hotel! I booked the Crowne Plaza to celebrate a friends 40th birthday, i contacted the hotel directly to arrange a birthday cake and to request the best rooms available. I booked a club room which give a free minibar and access to club room with free bar, breakfast and internet access along with a nice terrace overlooking the city. Rooms were of a good size and beds very comfortable, and the cake was very tastey. a word of warning the free mini bar does not include hard liquor, we had some vodka and bacardi and were charged accordingly. at checkout i refused to pay for this as it was not made clear free only applied to beer wine, this resulted in me complaining about some mould on the shower wall, spoke with manager and they were then able to provide the hard liquor free and in addition reduce the room rate by 50 euros per night. All in all a good hotel and great location, will definitely return and pay extra for club room. nearly all staff very helpful and polite great breakfast  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Musclebearnz
<Content>Still got a lot going for it.. Stayed 6 nights over Christmas 2006. Arrived and was upgraded to a Club Room courtesy of Priority Privilege. The room was large, but initially I thought it didnt have any windows, the room was long and narrow like a shoe box. Then realised there was a small window almost disguised at the side at the end of the room, there wasnt a lot of natural light so had to have the lights on all day. The room had some big comfy arm chairs and a table. The bathroom had seen better days and the tiles in the shower had stained grouting or holes where other fittings had been removed and the holes had not been sealed up. Other than that the room was comfortable and large enough for the two of us. There were lovely toileteries and plentiful supplies. We paid extra to use the club lounge so we could have internet access. The lounge itself was nice enough with plenty of tea/coffee/juice/wine/nibbles always on hand, however some guests have now got wise to the idea that if they pay the 30 Euro charge, they can invade the Club Lounge with all their kids, who hog the computer terminals and have the TV sets on loud when you are trying to have some quiet time or work.. This hotel though has LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION.. 5 minutes walk from the Centraal Station, 5 mins from Damrak, we never had to use a tram the whole time we were there. There is a self service laundry across s the road, so things could not be better.. Would I stay at the Crowne Plaza again.. Hell yeah !! The plus points far outweigh the negatives and the location just tops it off.. we booked via the Crowne Plaza website and the prices seemed to go up and down by the day, so keep an eye on the prices. we were lucky to get a bargain at 94 Euro, but the prices sky rocketed a few days later..  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rsawh78298
<Content>Convenience and Decent Located close to Amsterdam Central Station- 5 minute walk. Good clean non-smoking room. Luggage storage facility was handy. Walking distance to Damrak and tram station. Little pricey as breakfast is additional and expensive.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shellqueen
<Content>Great city hotel The Crown Plaza is a good hotel with a central location-great for people looking for an action-packed holiday visiting all Amsterdam has to offer.Our room was a good size and nicely furnished, perhaps a little scruffy but still very acceptable. The restaurant wasn't good for families as food was very sophisticated but breakfasts were nice.The pool was a really good size and the small shop was packed with souvenirs.Desk staff were very helpful, organising tours for us and the concierge held our bags for us when we checked out.It is a bonus to find such varied facilities such as a pool in a central location.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>beck_uk
<Content>Quality service... I stayed in this hotel for three nights with a group of friends. It was ideally placed for sightseeing around the city, whether it was the museums you were interested in or the red light district (but it was far away enough if you didn't want to venture near the red light district!)The hotel staff were superb and could not be faulted for their friendliness and helpfulness.We found everything clean and met our needs, however the decor etc did need a slight facelift. Security also seemed good, when returning after hours they requested you to show your door card to cctv camera. Although the method seems quite easy to get round if unwanted people did try to enter, it is more than most hotels do to try and prevent unwanted guests.All in all, value for money and well located, well recommended.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HaylingIslander
<Content>Great place! My daughter and I stayed in the Crowne Plaza in the centre of Amsterdam over the New Year period. The hotel is very central - a 5 minute walk from Central Station and also Dam Square. Everyone was very friendly and our room was clean and warm! Great place for Amsterdam sights but rather expensive :-(  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Harvestmouse
<Content>club rooms not worth the extra money stayed at the holiday inn crowne plaza Amsterdam near to the centraal station over the christmas weekend and booked a club room however we got a rather small room (331) with two beds. two chairs and table. To get into the mini bar you had to move one of the chairs and two people couldn't move around the room at the same time. We had already booked again for the following new year weekend and asked that when we returned could we have a larger room as again we had booked the club room. The following weekend we had a much larger room (501) again with two beds. however I would question the use of club room. You do get access to the 6th floor lounge with wine and beer, But I have stayed at this hotel many times before in standard rooms, and once.. yes you may have guessed one of the standard rooms I stayed in was room 501.So it seems to me that the term for club room is meaningless and any room can be designated as club and the extra benefit is access to the club lounge with wine and beer. So my advise is to book a standard room save yourself a fortune and go to the supermarket over the road and buy yourself a 6 pack and a bottle of wine.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>highfly
<Content>Needs some work       mini bar and desk area  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Diptych
<Content>A well sited functional business hotel I booked into this hotel for a short business trip to Amsterdam because I remembered having stayed there some ten years previously and had enjoyed using the hotel gym/health centre on that visit.This time I was visiting a company in Zaandam - a twenty minute train ride from Amsterdam Central. There was no way that I was going to stay in a Zaandam hotel - I have done that before!!! The Crowne Plaza is ideally situated for ease of access to the station in Amsterdam and proved to be a convenient pied a terre.I did not spend much time in the hotel but everything worked fine (except the only easily accessible power-point in the bedroom that didn't)! Breakfast was fine but betrayed the hotel's US heritage. Nothing wrong with that!Staff were friendly and helpful and I found two excellent watering holes nearby - t'Arendsnest on Herrengracht and De Wildeman, just a stone's throw away from the hotel in the pedestrianised area. Both highly recommended for beer lovers.The gym? It was fine...but it wasn't the one that I remembered...turns out that one was at The Renaissance just around the corner. I had remembered the wrong hotel (but I will return to The Crowne Plaza).  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AandPM
<Content>Did the job! Spent one night in Amsterdam with some old friends - we wanted somewhere very central but not right in the red light district.CP is ideal for that - in fact it's location is it's biggest asset. It is a comfortable hotel, reasonably priced and well maintained. But it wont win any awards for creativity or hospitality. It's a standard, much what you would expect kind of place - but it did the job!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>transatlantica
<Content>Time for a spruce-up       The view from the Club Level Lounge  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	5	5	2	

<Author>Ayrshirelinz
<Content>Great stay at Crowne Plaza Stayed here while I was on a work course in Amsterdam and really enjoyed it. Staff were helpful, room was spacious and clean and breakfast was fantastic! Good location, very close to the shops and lots of bars. Can't comment on price because it was company paying for it. Would definately return!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>markhomer
<Content>Central location nice hotel Stayed at the crowne plaza after 2 nights at the Amstel and 1 at the holiday inn RAI. The location of this hotel is central, ideal for exploring the seedier side of Amsterdam. My room was good and I was upgraded to the executive suite with club access which was great. My only critiscism is that the rooms and the reception area do need to be updated very 1980's. The staff were helpful and the free breakfast, drinks etc. were fantastic. If you are looking for an extremely central good quality hotel then I would recommend this hotel 100%  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Dewdiff
<Content>Typical city centre hotel. When they state 3pm check in, that is what this hotel means. Although you can register and leave your luggage with the concierge if you arrive early. The room was, more or less, a typical city centre hotel room: usual amenities and nice clean beds. Although there was heating / air conditioning in the room, on trying to open a window (as we both like fresh air in a bedroom), we found the windows were actually just panes of glass with no openings. At the same time it was obvious that the net curtains had not been cleaned for a long time 鈥?they were musty, dusty and smelled of smoke.Having said that, the hotel staff were extremely pleasant, when we asked for extra pillows we got them, the food and beverages were of a good standard and the hotel itself was very handy for the sight seeing we intended to do. All in all a typical city centre hotel with nothing to make it stand out from the crowd.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>akitas22
<Content>Good value for the price and location. We were hesistant to book at the Crowne Plaza because of past reviews about noise but we never heard a thing at night. The location was very convenient - within walking distance of all of the sights and restaurants. The concierge was very helpful in making reservations. After living and traveling in Europe for the hottest summer on record - the air conditioning was pure bliss. Our only problem was being placed in a smoking room - but the smell was not too strong. All in all - the hotel looks a little worn but it is a good value.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>WestLinnTraveler
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel This is the third time I have stayed in this hotel. It is not a 4 star hotel, maybe a 3. The rooms are small and outdated but adequate. If you can get a room facing an alley, they are relatively quiet. The rooms this visit were not exceptionally clean, with dirty grout, and I had to change from my first room as the bathroom toilet had not been cleaned well. The second room was fine. The breakfast is not worth the price.I would look for a better hotel next time. Unfortunately, my company keeps booking travelers here because it is central and cheaper prices can be booked on the internet.The lobby is dark, tired looking and outdated. The staff is pleasant.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bongoblog
<Content>looking tired I stayed here for 1 night on the club floor. I booked through ichotels web site and asked for a king bed. Check in was a bit slow but i was upgraded to a kind of suite. This had a hall, bedroom and tiny living room with gravel balcony. The decor was early 80's and not that well maintained,stained walls from water seepage, battered paintwork and the tiles around the bath had holes for old fittings drilled and just left making it look a bit dirty. A nice touch is the senseo coffe maker in place of the usualinstant sachets. The club lounge is pleasant enough for a drink but didn't eat anything there. For the 180 euro i paid i guess it is ok for this city but i would pay the usually higher prices  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heidiwitheford
<Content>Good Location The Crowne Plaza is located near the Central Station. Valet parking is available. The facility is very nice with pool, fitness, sauna and restaurant. I recommend a Club room which offers free minibar, use of terrace lounge and free breakfast. If you have a Priority Club card, you can receive a discount on Valet parking. For a city hotel it was well worth the price.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Huwcyn
<Content>Great Location Great location with good facilities.We have 2 boys aged 10 and 12, and the swimming pool and games room kept them well entertained.Good sized quiet room as requested. Good service, we asked for extra towels and they were brought to the room within 10 mins. Good breakfast and helpful and courteous staff. Overall a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>threetenors
<Content>central and handy This hotel is only a short walk from Centraal station and provides a very comfortable accomodation with an excellent restaurant. I was upgraded on both of my visits to this hotel which made my stay even more comfortable.Rooms are above average for space and are well appointed.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DarrenWhitehead
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Enjoyed Our Stay - Highly Recommended We came to Amsterdam for our first anniversary.The Crowne Plaza was a lovely relaxing hotel with excellent room service, a nice quiet bar and restaurant and a buffet breakfast second to none. The breakfast is all you can eat and has a large variety of fruits, cerials, yoghurts, pastries and breads plus the cooked section. Wonderful, and breakfast is open from 06:30 to 11:00 hours so there is plenty of scope for those early risers and those lazy snoozers, such as ourselves. The pool in the hotel is cool and relaxing and there are saunas in the changing rooms. With internet access also, the hotel truly was a fantastic place to stay.The hotel is placed in an excellent location within easy walking distance from Dam Square, the red light district and Centraal StationWe thought that we would try a kinky location and with the legalised red light district, we decided that Amsterdam would be more kinky than most. In truth, commercialised sex is actually very dull. We went on an organised Red Light tour which is well worth the Euros. Not only did it give us a flavour and an interesting perspective on the oldest trade but it also gave us a good grounding for finding our bearings in the maze of streets, alleys and canals. Personally I think that the oldest trade must be farming but I am wrong apparently. If, however, farming is your bag, there are plenty of organised tours of cheese farms etc.Many people recommend the sex show, Cassa Rosso but I really wouldn't bother. It seemed like a stale show full of stag parties and they bring customers in and out at such a constant rate that it does detract from the show. Not worth it, in my opinion. Spend your 45 Euros each on a nice meal instead.The drugs scene is alive and well in Amsterdam and it is tourism that the locals would rather not have. As well as the legalised coffee shops there is no shortage of sellers on the street offering harder drugs than cannabis. We have never been into hard or soft drugs and the proliferation of what appeared to be zombies was quite disconcerting. So many people were spaced out it was unreal. Many of these were riding around carelessly on bicycles. With the combination of cannabis, bicycles, trams, canals and the distraction of window brothels I am suprised that there are not more serious accidents.Rembrant Square seems to be a much rougher part of the city and we were approached by beggars on 3 occasions. I personally witnessed 2 crimes take place in this area and we did not feel safe in this location, despite hoards of other tourists. The red light area was safer. I would avoid Rembrant Square.Many people recommend trams and river taxis to get about but we went more or less everywhere on foot and nothing was too far away. If you are going to visit Anne Frank's house, get there early to avoid the queues.Madamme Tussauds is also a very good attraction to visit and we would recommend this too.In short we highly enjoyed our Amsterdam visit but it was made all the more special by The Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>prcwood
<Content>Lovely central location Location is great, right by Central Station and 2 mins walk to Dam Square. Rooms are a bit pokey so this year we decided to go for a club room. Little bit more space and access to the lovely roof terrace.The rooms are OK but very overpriced for what you get, but i suppose you're paying for the location!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SE-Explorer
<Content>Crowne Plaza -Couldn't Provide Paid 290 dollars (including taxes) for a club level room expected something more than a dumpy Howard Johnsons. The location is within 5 minutes walk from the Centraal rail station, which is its best feature. The rooms are really worn; we changed rooms 3 times and finally realized that there are no club rooms. The only added value, that you pay for, is internet access (available cheaply down the street at a cyber cafe),''unlimited' mini bar (2 beers, 2 sodas, 2 waters, etc - refilled once a day) and breakfast.  I have just traveled and stayed in Salzburg, Vienna,  Prague at the Sheraton, Intercontenental, Radisson SAS  Marriott respectively: the Crowne Plaza in Amsterdam was the most expensive AND the worst hotel by far. I don't mind a small room, but the bedding, mattress and towels  amenities at the other hotels were of the highest quality. In addition the Crowne Plaza had only one functioning elevator. We were upgraded, but sadly the room while larger, was just the same mediocre quality as all the other rooms. The staff tried their best, but given the physical state of the hotel, there's not much they can do. When I return to Amsterdam, I will definitely NOT return to the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dutchdude1234
<Content>Nice Hotel but overpriced and fake wine First of all let me explain the rating of Terrible: This is soly caused by the fact that they make sweet white wine by adding sirup to dry white wine, and yes I saw them do it. In my opinion this is unacceptable in any level of hotel therefore the rating.Now for the rest of my review.I stayed for 4 nights in the Crowne Plaze because of a conference in the same hotel. I therefore got an acceptable rate of 185 euros per night. The prices in the room state 400 euro's which would be unacceptable. As stated by other reviewers the hotel has an 80's look and feel and desperately needs some refurbishment. The bed was worn and had a hole in the middle but housekeeping itself was good. As a priority club member I got some free perks as late checkout and daily newspaper which was nice. The breakfast buffet was good although the breakfast room was hardly sufficient for the amount of guests. Staff at the front desk was nice and helpfull, bartenders and waiters were, as ussual in the Netherlands, not very friendly nor capable (see wine above). Being in a conference and having my company pay, me and other guests required seperate bills which was always a problem since the bartender didn't want to do that. Watching soccer was his priority. All and all it was ok while being in the conference but I would never stay there privately, much better and cheaper hotels in the direct neighbourhood (I'm Dutch, I know)  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>edleo13
<Content>Great location but grossly overpriced for quality of accomodations       Closet  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thirty3
<Content>Very good Stayed June 10-13th in a club room which was well worth the extra cost - breakfast included, free minibar, free beer, wine, soft drinks and nibbles in the air conditioned 'club lounge' on the rooftop which also has a pleasant terace with reasonable views. Location is excellently central, staff were helpful, hotel was clean and tidy. Our room was inward facing on the fifth floor and was very quiet. Very happy with our stay there.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>petrol1967
<Content>Good Hotel great location "but annoying start to wkend" Stayed at the Crowne Plaza 3rd to 5th June 06. Had e-mailed the Hotel 2 weeks before to explain we had an early flight, so if possible early check in. They replied by e-mail, official check in is 3pm but they would see what they can do.Arrived at Hotel at 10.45 am and was told the room was being cleaned so come back in 1 hour. Returned to reception at 12 midday and was told it wasnt quite ready so give them another half an hour.Went out for lunch and returned at 2pm. Was told room was still not ready and they were in our room cleaning it. I expained that I was told this at least 2 hours ago, and was given a drink voucher for the bar to shut me up Went back at 3 (check in time) and was told still not ready. Finally got into room at 4.15pm !!!! Why didnt they just say come back as we are very busy. Anyway thought I would mention it as it is these sorts of things that really tick people off, especially when we had pre warned them to ask for a early check in.Room was nice bed very comfortable and all in all a good stay. Hotel is in an excellent location. Nice shops to mosey around as you do in Amsterdam  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hattiepops
<Content>Excellent Location, comfortable hotel The Crownw Plaza in Amsterdam is wonderfully situated very close to the main station, shopping and to Dam Square. Canal Trips and the tram service are minutes away so it is an excellent base for a short break in the city when time may be at a premium. We found the hotel to be good but not exceptional. The breakfast was excellent with a wide choice of hot and cold food with a reasonable range of fresh fruit.Service was good with helpful and considerate staff. The room was a bit on the small side but fairly normal for a hotel in the centre of a European city. Despite the central city location we found the hotel to be fairly quiet but an insomniac may be troubled by the trams which seem to run all night....they certainly operate late at night and start early in the morning and may even operate all night.One tip for future travellers : avoid Queens Day ( April 29 in 2006) if you want to explore the city or worse still, leave the city on that day. It is a national holiday when approximately 1 million people (all wearing orange) flood into the city from other parts of the Netherlands. No doubt it is fine if you want to take part but awful if you plan some final sightseeing on day of departure.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillMackem
<Content>Expensive Travelodge This hotel was superbly placed adjacent to the Central Station, the staff were very friendly and helpful however when all was taken into account 拢175 per night without breakfast is very expensive for what was no better in facilities terms than a Travelodge.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ejmonaco
<Content>Great location, hotel just fine We stayed here for three nights with our two children. The location was great and the hotel was average. The rooms were nothing special for a hotel of its kind. They were slightly run down which was surprising but certainly were clean. It was an added bonus to have the pool in the hotel as one kid could blow off energy while our youngest had a sleep each afternoon. The staff were friendly and the valet parking was fabulous to have. We would probably stay again because of the convenience of location, parking, pool, etc.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Darlolad
<Content>A Great Hotel We enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza, Amsterdam City Centre immensely. The hotel was clean  comfortable and in a great location. The leisure facilites were hardly used by other guests so we had a virtually private pool/gym/sauna most days.The staff were friendly and helpful, the food was very good. We also got a good deal on the room rate by booking through Supabreak. (Even the gift shop in the hotel foyer was reasonably priced and well stocked!!).I would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average hotel great location We stayed March 22 thru 26. The hotel is average I would rate this a 3 star hotel nothing better. The room is large for 3 people. The beds were not that comfortable and there was mildew in the shower. They advertise free internet not so. The gym has very old equipment only 1/2 working. Special note if even moving things in mini bar they will charge you and it will be on your bill. No problem though resolving this issue. The location of this hotel is in easy walking distance of train station, Dam square, Anne Franks Hse, Red Light District, shopping. The tram is very close and safe way to get around the city.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lboogiemacalicious
<Content>a quick stay the room was comfortable (a nice amount of space for 3 grownups), very centrally located, not so much affordable but well worth the money spent.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TomPea
<Content>More than impressed with Crowne Plaza, Amsterdam Just had a 3 night stay in the Crowne Plaza with our 2 year old daughter. Staff were generally very friendly, and we felt welcomed. The room was pretty spacious with 2 good sized beds, plenty of toiletries etc and clean bathroom. V powerful, hot shower; enjoyed having robes and free ice from machine in corridor. Mini-bar is a stupid price - 拢4 for a can of beer and for same price, at supermarket at the end of the road, you can get 12 bottles of Grolsch!!!Pool was great and generally very empty - loads of clean towels in changing room.Found the location excellent - really close to train station which made train transfer from the airport cheap and very easy even with loads of bags and a toddler.Didn't try breakfast at hotel, but lots of places close-by offering good, authentic coffee/ bagel experience. Also ate in 2 restuarants close by - both pizzerias! - and both were good.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Auston
<Content>Comfortable Stay Just got back from a 3-night stay at the Crowne Plaza and was extremely pleased. Staff was always friendly and helpful. Room cleaning was efficient and well done (they indicate they鈥檙e installing and testing some sort of new cleaning system this month). Double beds were very comfortable. And the pool and sauna were a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the city. Yes, I wish the rooms' windows opened, but all together, I鈥檇 definitely stay here again. Certainly can鈥檛 beat the location, either.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In desperate need of updating Stayed here for 1 night on a business trip only because other hotels were fully booked. I kept an open mind, having read some of the previous reviews, but I can confirm that if I had to pay with my own money I would choose not to stay in this hotel. I agree with others that the hotel is in a very good location and very central to all activities and (useful for me) the central station. My room however was small (for the price I paid) and being a smoking room (I had asked for a no smoking room but none were available at check-in) it smelt of stale cigarettes. What made it worst was that the windows could not be opened and so I had to rely (unsuccessfully) on the air conditioning to try and clear the air. The room was tired looking and was in need of refurbishment.Breakfast was OK however so I started the next day on a slightly better note than when I checked in. Given the choice I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ash0512
<Content>Good location but not worth 5 stars Just had a 3 night stay there, staff very helpful, but the rooms a little old and we had a scum mark all around the bath in our 'cleaned room'. breakfast was 22 euros so went to the mcdonald's round the corner 9 euro for 2 people. Mini-bar!!! just had a can of sprite and was 3.70 euro's not cheap. The hotel was clean and tidy overall but not worth the 5 star or the cost, it is worth shopping around and checking all other hotel's there si a new ibis right round the corner next to the station and i may stay there and pocket the money i save and go and eat out somewhere nice!!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NickyfromNotts
<Content>Had a nice stay Stayed in the crown plaza after a terrible night in another hotel and must say my husband and I had a very plesent stay. The room was large and very clean and had all the usual trimmings you would expect. We would with out a doubt stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VesperGirl
<Content>Matildas! The hotel is in a great area and very central and clean. I am sure the front rooms are a bit noisey, but we had a back room, away from the passing trams. The food/drink in the hotel is very expensive. The breakfast is 22 euros, but because i'm a gold member, i got it for 11. The food was great though. ONLY complaint - THE RUDE STAFF. Well particualarly, two women there, one being the boss and her subordinate. They were both rude and crass and disrespectful. I tried to complain, but the guess what, it's the boss who's rude to me, so who am i going to complain to!? I had to end up writing ic hotels themselves. Other than that, great hotel. Oh, one more thing, there are rats around... i was using the internet and one ran right behind the computer across the table! EEEEEWWWWKKKKK.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>WorcesterWoman
<Content>Great location but rooms could do with refurbishment Hotel is in great location - moments from Central Station, and easily walkable to all main tourist sites. Plenty of restaurants and shops around, and tram stop just outside.Rooms ok - but not 4 star (certainly not 5 star). 2 double beds for our family of 4 were fine - room not too cramped. Clean, but old furnishings - beds beginning to sag, and bathroom in need of refurbishment (eg peeling paint on radiator). Bath robes provided - but had seen better days, and towels very thin and worn. Windows did not open - but air conditioning fine - and no smells! Communal areas (lobby, restaurants) pleasant - breakfast good but not cheap (Euros 22 - but helped that children eat free) - ate out for other meals. Gym adequate - small, but functional - but pool very small (ok for kids, but not for exercise!).Overall, fine - given the location, may stay again if the price was right.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for Business Travelers I have been traveling through Amsterdam since 1993. I began staying at the Crowne Plaza City Centre in 2000. I average 25 to 30 nights per year in this hotel and I have found it to be perfect. The management, staff, and accommodations are the best I have found in Amsterdam. I highly recommend this hotel to all business travelers.H. Edward Pruitt  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Central Hotel very central. Reception desk helpful. However, guests should be aware that once the mini-fridge is opened and bottles and cans, etc. are shifted around (to make space for one's personal water, or canned drinks), even though the guest does not use a single item from this fridge, on check-out you are automatically billed for just moving these items. Therefore, one should check their accounts very carefully on check-out.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Soundbytes
<Content>Crowne Plaza Amsterdam City - Much improved!! We stayed the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam City for 2 nights 03rd - 5th September. We booked two rooms as we took my parents over for a short break. Prior to booking in February, we looked at Tripadvisor and saw some very mixed reviews. Some were good, but most found fault with the staff and general standard of decor / bathrooms within the hotel. Being Priority Club members and regular contributors to sites such as this, we wrote to the hotel and asked for their comments in response to the previous negative reviews. We received an immediate response from the reservations manager who addressed each of the issues in turn and explained that by the time we arrived in September most (if not all) problems would be resolved. We got the opportunity to book our room at a discount rate on the IC web site so thought we would take a chance.Upon arrival, we were greeted by an efficient concierge who took all our luggage and escorted us through to check in. The desk staff were friendly and helpful. Once I had introduced myself, I was reffered to by name (as all priority club members should be) and the whole check in procedure was seemless and simple. We arrived at our rooms to find the luggage inside and waiting.We booked superior club rooms and found both rooms to be clean, well presented and spacious (by Amsterdam standards). Both rooms had windows that opened and we had no smoke related problems that others seem to have experienced.Our deal included free minibar (less spirits) and access / use of the club lounge facilities. We had a super breakfast out on the club lounge terrace on the 6th floor overlooking the city and found the continental breakfast selection to be more than adequate. We did order a sandwich and fries for lunch on room service. The service was prompt but the sandwich was a little bland and not really the sort of thing you expect for the money.We did look at the pool and Gym but were too busy to use them on this visit. I did note that the pool was available for use 24 hours a day which is a big plus I noted for future visits.All in all, we were more than a little worried before coming over. From what we saw, there is clear evidence that a large amount of effort has been given into improving the hotel and staff. It is not the best hotel in Amsterdam (You cannot really look past the Amstel) but it did represent very good value for money and it has a super location if you want to drop out of your room straight into the heart of the city. Well worth a visit especially if you can get a good deal.Key plus'sLocationHelpful and efficient staffPoolLounge terrace on roofKey NegativesRoom service food qualityYou have to pay extra for late check outStill occassional signs of wear to carpets and walls  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great - No smell of smoke and has air conditioning! I booked this hotel before I read the reviews for my boyfriend's birthday. I got quite a fright when I read up on them and read all the stories of the smell of some and no air. I don't know what all the fuss was about because it was lovely. It's only a short walk from Central Train Station, around the corner from all the shops and a short walking distance to Dam Sq. The staff were really nice. The rooms have air conditioning so there is lots of air! The pool was really nice and warm too. The bar was also really nice and relaxing. I would really recommend this hotel and would go back again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ruizjudy
<Content>good location Very good location; Satff are very helpful and knowledgeable; You will not go wrong.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avicky
<Content>loved the crowne plaza well i loved the Crowne Plaza it had every thing the other hotels didnt have on our tour. Working elevators and air conditioning. I don't recall the smoking smell to be a problem as my niece, a vocal non smoker would of told me. She anounced at avery opportunity when she smelled it on the street. ahh the youth. any way . the pool was great and they had a laundry mat in the basement. While i did the laundry my niece surfed the internet. we were both happy. bring a phonecard or buy one; the hotels phone cards were difficult to use.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! My husband and I stayed a total of four nights in this hotel. We were there two nights before a cruise and two nights after. The staff is excellent and very accomodating. We were given a late check out and an early check in with our Priority membership ( which is a matter of filling out their membership form on the internet). The rooms were both clean and fresh smelling (both smoking rooms) absolutely no smell of smoke in the hallway or room. The bathroom was clean and fresh ...no mold as reported in previous reviews. Excellent location..easy walking distance to Centrall Station. We did not eat there but visited the bar which is very attractive and great service. We would definetly return to this hotel and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location Good location, spa facilities on site, and a very nice club room (not sure if it is worth the extra fee, but it certainly came in handy). We'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ellenb2008
<Content>A smoke filled disappointment! After traveling through Europe, the Crowne Plaza was supposed to be the highlight of our trip (At least it was the most expensive hotel!). We checked in to find out that the hotel was oversold, as it turned out to be the busiest weekend of the year. As the front desk scrambled to find a room for us, they asked us if we would take a smoking room. I agreed to it only if we were in a room with windows that opened because my son has asthma. After much searching, the gentleman found us a nonsmoking room, but it wouldn't be ready for an hour. We went to have a late lunch and then came back and checked in. The first thing I noticed when I opened the door was a the overpowering smell of cigarette smoke. I double checked that the door does say nonsmoking on it. I called down to the front desk, but as they were overbooked, they couldn't move me. However, they did offer to either come up with a machine that removes the smoke from fabric or to spray air freshener. I decided that I didn't want to hang out in the room waiting, so I refused. I never got used to the smell, though, and regretting not taking them up on it. Coming out of the shower and putting a smokey towel up to my face turned my stomach. The room was okay, like any other American chain hotel. I did find the beds to be extremely comfortable, though. The location is great and the staff was always helpful. I tried the buffet breakfast on the last day and, while it was very good, it was very, VERY, expensive! There are other hotels that I would stay at before splurging on the Crowne Plaza again. It was definitely a disappointment.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarcMarinaPENN01
<Content>Fantastic Amsterdam!!! Myself and my Husband stayed here in Sept 2004 for two nights the staff were lovely the hotel was lovely although the rooms a bit small, we had a very enjoyabel stay at the Crowne Plaza. It was very handy for Centraal Station, and althogether near most things  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pazman
<Content>Ditto on the fresh air After having just spent a week at the wonderful Mandarin Oriental in Kuala Lumpur, I'm ready to throw rocks at the CPCC in AMS. I took my wife with me for a conference in AMS. I have to agree with Chicago on the need for fresh air in the room - the stale cigarette smell was annoying. I think I'm going through nicotine withdraw from all of the 2nd hand smoke permeated in the walls and air ducts. There is no such thing as a non-smoking room in Europe. The room also needed some updating and there was mold on the grout in the bathroom. We won't even mention the cigarette burns in the carpet and bedding. My wife and I were trying to get over a little jet lag on the first afternoon, but we couldn't get a wink with all the banging and drilling coming from the service room next door. The concierge staff were cordial, but the hotel staff in the halls and elevator could not be troubled to say hello. Keep in mind I'm still spoiled from Malaysian hospitality. For the money (the conversion doesn't help), I expected a lot more from a 4 star hotel. You know a hotel isn't living up to its former glory when the latest entry of autographed head shots on the walls in the bar is David Lee Roth with his big 80's hair saying how much he enjoyed his stay...in 1990.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>stevenBrussels
<Content>This is not what I expect booking a Crown Plaza Rooms were small and noisy. Well equiped but standard room. I stay a lot at crown plaza hotels but this one is below average. breakfast was excellent and location is ok.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SRocks
<Content>Excellent Hotel..... Without a doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed in, I have stayed in 4 star hotels all over the world and this hotel stands out on its own. The staff are very friendly and helpful creating a great athmosphere at all times, the bedrooms are excellent with all facilities at hand and cleanliness is exquisite! Location is perfect for the business traveller or the tourist. The restaurants are excellent delicous food in particular their dutch menu and finally the Breakfast wow! Buffet style breakfast with plenty of choice always served hot and again the service is of a very high standard... Definitely highly recommended if you are staying in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Just stayed at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, City Centre, Amsterdam for 4 nights. Opted for a club room, which gave you complimentary use of the minibar (wine, beer and soft drinks only excluded spirits and snacks), and free in room films. Also included full access to the club lounge located on the top floor, with great views over Amsterdam and great sunsets on a clear day. Again snacks and drinks are free, open 7am through to midnight. You also have your complimentary continental breakfast in the lounge.There is also a very sweet little guest who lives in the lounge, you'll recognise him if you see him!I booked this through Hotels as the rate was much better than the hotel was offering if you booked direct. The hotel is set right in the heart of the city 10mins gentle walk from Central Station, so don't bother with a cab. The concierge was very good, really new his stuff and gave us a few good tips. Some entrance tickets are cheaper if you buy them from the hotel than the venue itself.Only thing I didn't like was that the hotel room was really warm, even with the thermostat turned right down and you couldn't open the windows.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>87
<Content>Fair Service Stayed here on January 22 for three nights. I paid 125 Euros per night, which is a fair price. The hotel staff at the front desk were indifferent and seemed to be bothered by customer interruptions. I stay in Amsterdam regularly but this was the first time I had to wait until 3pm to get my room. Even though I am a Platinum member of the Priority Club, I was not offered an upgrade on my room.I moved out after three nights since the room rate doubled. I spend the rest of my stay at the Golden Tulip and was very pleased with their service and rooms.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not an ounce of fresh air!!! I am a flight attendant who, when I fly to AMS for my work, have no choice but to stay in this hotel. My company contracted with the Crowne Plaza. After being in a metal tube with no fresh air for +8 hours, one would like to imagine once arriving in one's hotel, one would be able to sit, unwind, and breathe the fresh Dutch air. NOT!!!Be advised that the windows in the room are sealed shut. I have just returned from AMS where it was snowing, blowing, and freezing cold. However, my room was so hot and stuffy that I had no occassion to turn on my heat.The front desk is indifferent to everyone. The bellmen are wonderful but they cannot carry the negative issues of this hotel.The location is perfect and that is a good thing. Try and stay outside as long as you can. Return to the hotel only to shower and sleep.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrfargo2
<Content>Quiet, not too expensive and friendly My wife and I spent four nights here in late December. We were offered an upgrade to a club room for just 70 euro per night. What the heck -- we were in Amsterdam on holidays, we went for it. And what a deal it was. Unlimited use of the minibar (really!), pay movies at no extra charge, use of the very nice (but usually messy) club room, free wireless internet and more. Well worth the US$100 or so per night. Room was at the back of the hotel facing another building (i.e lousy view), but that was fine since we had probably the quietest room in the hotel. I'd ask for the same room again! Hotel is centrally located with a tram stop just down the block about 100 meters. Concierge staff was incredible. Very informative, spent lots of time with us and were able to sell us tickets for just about anything worthwhile to see in AMS. The Amsterdammer Bar at the hotel was great. Friendly bartender (thanks for that 15-year old Geneveer shot -- it hit the spot!) and entertaining people watching along one of the main shopping streets in the city. Room was small, but certainly large enough for the two of us. I'd read the previous reviews about mold and mildew in the bathroom tiles and didn't really believe it until I saw it! But it wasn't a huge deal when compared to the friendly staff, good location and decent Internet rate that we received. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A strong 4-star hotel. I spent a week in Amsterdam at the Crowne Plaza City Centre, and have to give a really big thumbs up. The room was spacious with an interesting, but not spectacular, view of the street below. Good for people watching but not awe-inspiring. The room was cleaned daily very well. The water was hot and the pressure strong, and with plenty of soap, shampoo, etc. The staff was by and large friendly and helpful. The buffet, though expensive, is delicious and plentiful. I've seen rankings of it as a Five Star Hotel -- be aware that it is not a U.S. 5 star hotel, but I would give it a U.S. 4 star ranking. As far as Amsterdam hotels go, I believe it is a 5 star. The lobby is beautiful and well maintained. The restaurant and bar are good. All in all, a great hotel with no complaints whatsoever. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>headache
<Content>okay Stayed here for 3 nights in a club room, Bathroom tiles looked like they had been put up about 100 years ago, Even the grouting between the tiles was dirty. ugh!Our club room window was op a wall great views for the price! Otherwise the room was ok, Breakfast was excellent lots of choice very good, Bar staff and bar food excellent, Hotel is close to all shopping, restaurants, and other stuff!! No problems walking at night.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A welcome retreat We stayed at the Crown Plaza hotel several weeks ago having left another hotel (Prinzhendrik) due to their refusal to move us to a quiet room and total indifference...its along story. As we were already in Amsterdam we were able to see several hotels first hand. Most that seemed reasonable were full....others were very high in price. We knew that we wanted to stay around the area where the CP was. We were looking for 2 adjacent rooms and were able to get a reasonable price - not much more than the previous. Another review commented on the breakfast price. If you order in advance you can get at 16euros and also...kids are free. So what did we get?? Everything we wanted. A quiet night sleep, good location, robes, good b'fast. etc.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcrose
<Content>Central Location  The hotel is very well located between the Train Station and Dam Square. There are many shops and restaurants in the area and you can walk to most places. We felt safe walking everywhere with our two young children. The pool and fitness center were both acceptable but not large. We had one meal in the bar and the service was excellent. Note that there is no breakfast room service as it doesn't start until lunch. The concierge was very helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions. Our room was a decent size with two double beds and a desk and chair plus a round table with two more chairs, which was fine for our family of four. Our room was quiet as it looked out onto a pedestrian street from the third floor.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You've got to be joking ... It was exactly a year ago that my husband and I went on vacation with my mother. And as she had recently been widowed and it was her first time abroad without my dad ... we decided to play it safe and stay in a hotel that had international standards. Being a member of the Intercontinental's Priority Club ... and the Crowne Plaza cooperating with them ... we were pretty sure we were in good hands. We booked our stay with four weeks notice and specially requested to have two rooms next to each other ... or at least as close to each other as possible. Not only did we send this request on e-mail ... but also called the hotel a week before our arrival to make sure they didn't forget. To cut a long story short ... when we arrived we found out that not only were our rooms not next to each other ... but literally as far apart as possible ... on different floors and opposite ends of the hotel. Why we didn't leave immediately, I don't know ... but we went upstairs with our luggage and opened the doors to a room stinking of old, stale smoke. In panic I tried to make the best of the situation and went right to the window to let in some fresh air. --- But, no ... there was no way of opening the windows. I called the desk ... and informed them that there was something terribly wrong with the windows ... but was told that they weren't supposed to open. I was speachless when I put the phone down and my brain was desperately trying to find a silver lining to this situation. I sat down on the bed ... and noticed a chocolate bar on the pillow. Simultaneously I saw my mother staring at the tiles in the bathroom that were not just dirty but had mould. In desperation I grabbed the chocolate and said; Hey, let's have some chocolate ... that always helps. I quickly unwrapped it and was about to hand a piece to my mother when I saw it was definately long past expiry date; with big, white, dry dots all over it. It certainly did occur to me that maybe my brothers were playing a trick on us ... this was some kind of a practical joke ... or maybe we had just got caught on Holland's candid camera show. This was just too absurd to be true. --- So I went down ... and asked to talk to whoever was in charge. The girl in the reception went into the office and a minute later a man came and asked if he could help. After politely and calmly telling him that just about everything was wrong ... he said our rooms were as good as they get and there was really nothing he could do for us. (I truly was both calm and polite ... remember, I thought this had to be candid camera). I asked him if moulded tiles sounded like four stars to him ... and he insisted that they deserved each and every star they had. By that time ... I couldn't care less about the possibility of the candid camera ... and handed him the four star chocolate and asked him to eat it. I then told him that I couldn't believe that the Intercontinental would actually accept them as their partners ... and one thing was sure; we were not staying there a minute longer. On my way up to get my husband, mother and luggage I prayed that I would be able to get rooms somewhere else. I called the Amstel Intercontinental ... got two the most beautiful rooms I have ever seen ... excellent rates ... the best and most friendly service I have ever experienced. It was heaven on earth!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is not like Crowne Plaza hotels in the US! Not a good value for the price I paid -- though I was having a hard time looking for nicer hotels at reasonable rates for early Sept. The ceilings are low, and the room, bed and decor was below average. The robe was a nice touch, but towels were horrible. They were thin and cheap -- like the ones you get at the gym. The hairdryer was not in the bathroom but in one of the drawers in the room. I liked the fact that it is very close to the Centraal Station (8-10 min walk) so didn't need to take trams with my luggage. I was glad that the room I was given on the 1st floor (2nd flr to Americans) was facing a little side street, which was quiet during the night. A/C was ok though a bit on the noisy side. Appreciated the complimentary 2 bottles of carbonated water, which were replenished every night (wonder if it was because I'm a Priority Club member). Although I wouldn't say my stay was horrendous, next time I'm in Amsterdam, I'll try other hotels.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If it were a Holiday Inn, it would be average Stayed here on a last minute trip to Amsterdam. Expected this to be like other Crowne Plaza's I have stayed at (Chicago Allerton and Silversmith, Miami South Beach Royal Palme, New Orleans, New York Times Square). Should have listened to the reviews on this site!!!Because I am a Priority Club club member, I was upgraded to a Club Room. Used 100,000 priority club points for a 4 night stay. Unbelievable. Furniture was falling apart (chair leg fell off), shower tiles need repair, toilet paper not replenished for 2 days and minibar not restocked for 3 days. Elevator requires keycard and worked 50% of the time. Some front desk staff were very helpful, others were argumentative and unhelpful. Sheets on bed not changed unless I specifically found the maid and verbally asked. Club lounge printer ink out and attendant did not know what to do. Air conditioning barely worked and, because windows didn't open, got very warm and unpleasant for sleeping. Worst was on check out. Sign in lobby stated that upgrades to club room meant free wireless internet and free minibar. On checkout -- not before -- I was informed that these club room amenities did not apply to me, so I ended up paying over $100 for internet and minibar, which I had not expected.I wrote an email letter to the hotel and priority club. They've apologized and offered to restore my priority club points. At least that was a decent thing to do. Would not stay here again if I was looking for a 4 or 5 star hotel. I would stay if I was looking for a 2 or 3 star.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kranky
<Content>Better choices to be found Not recommended, poor value. Located a short walk from the Central Rail Station. This hotel is on the edge of the seedy district of Amsterdam (though not dangerous). Security is good at the hotel. However, I found staff generally uncaring which is an indicator of a management problem. While I had no major problems, rooms are quiet but the furnishings are close to need of renovation. Bathrooms were also less than expected. The restaurant is expensive and the breakfast buffett at 22 Euro is excessive. Amsterdam is quirky and hotels often have to build to the local architecture, however even with this allowance the hotel is in general over priced for the value delivered.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service-Poor e Just returned from a family trip to Europe. Crowne Plaza was in a good location, easily accessible. The room was clean. The pool was ok. It was the same depth about 4'. I was traveling with two young children and thought it was too deep for young kids. The Concierge was the lamest one ever. When asked for a family rest it took him 2 hours to call me back. When he did he sent us via taxi to a small restaurant Luden. He (Concierge) claimed that they had a child menu. When we arrived the place was very nice but not to children. We had poor service but good food. Then upon departure we had to wait 45 minutes for the bellman to pickup our luggage, and get a taxi. Finally after I lugged 8 bags to the street. He emerged unapologetic. The wrong person in a key job, made our stay less than positive.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place Just returned from a short break in Amsterdam. The Crowne Plaza City Centre was excellent. From the minute we walked into the hotel until the moment we left the staff were attentive, helpful and really friendly to the point where they went out of their way to ensure that we had everything we needed e.g. a complimentary city map of Amsterdam which was fantastic - easy to follow and very clear with all the attractions clearly highlighted which if you are anything like me is a god send, as normally I cannot understand or read a map!!! The rooms were excellent, very spacious and extremely clean. The beds and pillows are just like the ones at home - soooooo comfortable that the first morning we were there we did not wake up till 10.30am!!! The black out curtains really make you think it is still night time. Unlimited tea and coffee and an ice machine makes the little things that you really want in your room a reality. Nice atmosphere and good facilities in a great location for all the attractions and amenities. Overall - if I were to visit Amsterdam again I would definately make my reservation at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The American Hotel Just returned from my stay in Amsterdam at the Crowne Plaza - American Hotel.I would have to say that I have no complaints at all.Lovely hotel, stayed on the 4th floor with a balcony leading off room with a view of the canal, table and chairs supplied. Room was great, if I was to criticise, the bathroom was a bit on the small side but was ample enough.Very friendly and helpful staff.This is my 4th different hotel in Amsterdam and I will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, good location, but not exceptional We stayed here for a night in June 2004, and booked a Club room. We were upgraded to a Superior Club room, because of my Priority Club status, although I had to ask- it should have been automatic. Check in was slow, and required 3 staff members. The room was large and comfortable, and the rate included free minibar and films, which was very good value. The bathroom was small, disappointing, with mould on the tiles, and needed to be updated. Not Club standard, although the toiletries and bathrobes were appreciated.The restaurant had good food, but the service was efficient without being friendly, helpful and enjoyable. I am sure you can find better experiences.The Club lounge, which is up a spiral stair case, is good, with free drinks and ok snacks, although it was untidy when we arrived.The pool is good, and the gym, although small, has reasonable facilities.I would recommend the hotel, which is 10 minutes walk from Centraal Station, and good for sightseeing. although it does have its deficiencies.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good but not quite a 5 star ! Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. Brilliant location. Reception area very nice and the staff were also very helpful and friendly. When we got to the room (we booked smoking) it stank of stale smoke and found that the windows wouldn't open as they were fixed panes of glass. After returning to reception to see if we could have a room with windows that opened we were transferred (without any problems luckily) to a non-smoking room which was quite nice. Very clean and tidy and quite spacious too. Can't understand why they would have smoking rooms with windows that don't open! The complimentary bottles of water would've been great if they had left a bottle opener to open them. Used room service one night when husband was ill and the meal was excellent. Bar prices are very expensive - 8 euros for a vodka and coke but you do get a free bowl of peanuts! Overall quite nice but I wouldn't rate it as a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe me !! Very Nice I just returned from a week in Amsterdam, staying at the Crowne Plaza City Centre. I read some unfavorable reviews of this hotel and had some apprehension regarding staying there. It was perfect. Starting with the location...it was in the heart of everything with 2 blocks walking to Centraal Station. We were greeted very pleasantly when we checked in. Got a non-smoking room with two double beds. Was concerned that by American standards that the room would have been small...but it was very nice sized. We faced the main street and really couldn't hear the street noise. The concierge was very, very helpful....laying out on a map what to see, where and how to go and in all giving us great advice. The room was very clean, offering us all the extra that a fine hotel would offer. The bedding was wonderful...the comforter i would have liked to take home with me...but I didn't. Big thick towels as well as a great bathrobe to use. Coffee maker, hair dryer and iron were also located in the room. I would return to this hotel on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CindynGA
<Content>would stay again We just returned from a 3 night stay at his hotel. Although our room was smaller than some of the others, the bed was very comfortable with down comforter and really soft sheets. There was very little noise. The staff were very nice and the hotel lobby is nice. Its a good location in Amsterdam with shopping and restuarants very close by. We had breakfast each day at the hotel and enjoyed the buffet. I would recommend this hotel and would return.   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ballogie
<Content>Club rooms are great A great hotel. We booked online and got a great rate of ?110 a night 5 days before Xmas 2003. The club room was big and clean with a great bathroom. You get access to the club lounge which has a free bar ! Beer and wine and snacky things and free internet. Breakfast is included and served in the club lounge, eat as much as you want (all cold, ham and cheese and yogurt etc). We took the train from Schiphol and walked from Central Station (10 mins) We didn't eat at the hotel, but had a few cocktails in the pub attatched (nice and friendly barman). The concierge was a bit up himself, but most of them are ! Good coffee house one block behind hotel, didn't try any coffee though !!!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away   showReview(1541950, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamandgary
<Content>Great value and truly very comfortable!   showReview(1537243, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smkr75
<Content>Club Rooms do the job   showReview(1534025, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go Back   showReview(1435029, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annethered
<Content>It'll do   showReview(1434163, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced and Poor Facilites   showReview(1399473, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want to go Dutch, go elsewhere   showReview(1137673, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atcer28
<Content>Great location, not so great rooms   showReview(1130998, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jodenwlr
<Content>Great Choice   showReview(848448, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dont let Crowne plaza ruin YOUR trip to Amsterdam!!   showReview(830238, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christophe_be
<Content>bien situ茅 mais 脿 besoin d'un rafraichissement       chambre 1  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in Amsterdam   showReview(19640897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne situation g茅ographique   showReview(19640896, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Detour a faire !!   showReview(19640895, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quattro Stelle????   showReview(19640894, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sporzi
<Content>Das Crown Plaza im Centrum kann ich nicht empfehlen   showReview(18676246, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	-1	2	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situ茅   showReview(18541908, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>voyageur57
<Content>et le Fran莽ais........   showReview(16894213, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes, komfortables und zentral gelegenes Hotel in Amsterdam   showReview(15578470, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nicolas_from_Paris
<Content>Emplacement central, personnel sympathique, mais d茅coration int茅rieure 脿 revoir   showReview(14912759, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(15578383, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ecrid
<Content>4* ? Oui pour le prix et le service mais pas pour les chambres !!   showReview(7708104, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>fabio19
<Content>Sicuramente una buona scelta   showReview(4583268, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇岃Κ鍒囥仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19154833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婅枽銈併儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19929467, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓ぎ椐呫亱銈夋銇勩仸绱勶紩...   showReview(19922450, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈伅杩戙亸鍗佸垎姝┿亜...   showReview(19919657, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

