<Author>vws
<Content>Trust me, it's a great hotel... What is there to dislike about the Tapatio? It is one of the best hotels in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and you can get a room for $95.00 until Jan. 5th (and around $220-50 after鈥ood breaks for AAA members). We have stayed at the Phoenician, The Hyatt at Gainey Ranch, The Wigwam, etc. Of all those hotels, we often prefer to go to The Tapatio because: 1. wonderfully friendly staff who go out of their way to say hello or to help you out. This includes the check-in staff, the hotel room-service delivery people, the gift shop people and the whole assortment of the people at the golf course (they could consider hiring at least one woman鈥ust to look as if they had an inkling that women can be pros, too). 2. The rooms are outstanding but not huge. There are two rooms in each suit. The first is, of course, the living room. That is separated from the bedroom by an ingenious systems of doors on either side of the bathroom (The bathroom has a pass-through from the living room to the bedroom鈥asin and mirror on one side, toilet and bath on the other with a door.) which is between the two rooms鈥ne that closes between the living room and the bathroom and one that closes between the bathroom and the bedroom; this allows people in one room to close off the other room but to still use the bathroom. The rooms are newly renovated鈥 read the earlier comment about what the writer thought were unattractive color schemes. Those colors are the hotel鈥檚 keeping up to date鈥any of the resorts we have stayed at in the greater Phoenix area, have begun to use similar colors. The beds have feather pillows and feather quilts. There is a wet bar and refrigerator in the living room. 2 wide screen t.v.鈥檚. AND鈥or readers鈥 first! Adequate lighting by each side of the bed. It is true that not all rooms are created equal. Some rooms don鈥檛 have great views (such as in the main building on the right side鈥?the view is of delivery trucks all day so avoid those rooms). It is a hotel which is built on hillsides (which is part of its charm). If walking is a problem (as noted in one of the earlier reviews) request a room down below. 3. There are several small restaurants and two larger ones. One of the two larger ones is all paneled with mahogany and is very handsome. Good food, reasonably priced for a resort. Great bar. Friendly atmosphere. Then there is their very slick 鈥淎 Point of View鈥?restaurant with terrific views of Phoenix/Scottsdale. The restaurant has gotten great reviews from food critics. Pricey but that is what a gourmet restaurant costs. 4. You want pools? They鈥檝e got pools. A huge water-wonderland set up with slides, etc. Two smaller pools nearer to the main part of the hotel鈥arely busy. One on top of the hill. Fitness center. And here is something outstanding: the hotel does not charge the usual $10-$12 a day 鈥渞esort fee鈥?which I have come to hate at all hotels. You can buy a special certificate for $2.50 a day for various uses of resort activities鈥ut you don鈥檛 have to. Right there you save at least $70.00 a week.5. GOLFERS! Listen up. The course is terrific. It is kept in first-class condition (with the exception of the 2nd hole鈥檚 green鈥ot sure why they haven鈥檛 attended to that). The course has been called 鈥渢he Phoenix areas best kept secret.鈥?The staff was very accommodating. The course climbs up and up until the 9th (at which point you are 3 miles from the clubhouse) where you can see for miles in either direction. There are some pretty tricky holes where doglegs, water and thick desert flora abound. Deep traps. Undulating greens, Fun. I wasn鈥檛 paid to be this upbeat about the hotel! I just think it is great place. It isn鈥檛 going to all things to all people鈥ut give it try. I think you will be pleased.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milfodo
<Content>Enjoyed the Point Hilton Was pleasantly surprised by quality of room and service. Had a nice extended weekend visit.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>smurfie
<Content>Great Place! Just got back from a mommies weekend away where we stayed at this hotel. The place was clean, view was beautiful, and the shower pressure was awesome! The hot tub we tried out was very relaxing. We ate at the Pointe in Tyme and I would highly recommend the shrimp scampi and the mozzarella caprese salad. 2 thumbs up from me and the girls!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NoGuru
<Content>Like Niagra Falls We got a sweet $99 dollar a night deal for a three-night minimum. The weather was beautiful, the accomodations acceptable, the EIGHT swimming pools sufficiently resort-like, the food okay (except for the Pointe in Tyme Grille and Tavern, which was very good).However, this is not a restful property. It's right in the middle of Phoenix, along busy N. 7th St. Traffic noise is a factor and is masked by a series of fountains that thunder like Niagra Falls. Helpful booming generators are positioned throughout the grounds and collaborate with the fountains for a truly unique auditory experience. Several more irritants:1) Construction noise on the property's west side2) Our first night, our room was adjacent to an elevator shaft. Try to avoid this. The elevators are fussy and noisy.3) Housekeeping staff reporting to work at 6:30 a.m. and chattering at the top of their lungs.4) A room service employee flinging the contents of the previous night's ice bucket over a railing into one of the main courtyards. If I go back to Phoenix, I'll gladly pay more for a better property.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Sunshine118
<Content>Another Terrific Stay! We just came back from another wonderful stay at Pointe Tapatio.The hotel is charming, centrally located and reasonably priced. We really enjoyed our room which was a palacial suite.Although the room had a couple of minor issues (the safe did not work and a couple of tiles were loose in the bathroom upon arrival), the response to any issues was immediately and happily resolved. The staff was very friendly and forthcoming. Karen in reception was especially wonderful. The quality of the food and value at Pointe in Thyme restaurant, where we had breakfast every morning was excellent. Although the service was occasionally uneven, it did not detract from the overall enjoyment of the experience. The pool areas were beautiful, pristine and relaxing.We are returning in January for the next production of Phoenix Opera's Aida, and are looking forward to our stay at Tapatio!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>berchelm
<Content>Large, remodeled suites inside; Dated infrastructure outside I was in town for a business meeting, but due to Homecoming at ASU, my hotel in Tempe was sold out for the final night. I was looking for a mid-priced resort in the hills to relax and maybe do some hiking, so Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs seemed like a good choice.The rooms themselves are very nice. Mine was obviously remodeled, so the furniture was fresh, stylish, and the basic king-bed suite I had was comparable in size to a large Marriott Residence Inn or Hilton Embassy Suites room. Kudos to the room!The property itself, however, is very dated. The buildings look quite worn, and the property has a very claustrophobic feel because the buildings are situated so close to each other. The streets going around the property between the buildings are so narrow that only one car can pass by, and since cars must parallel park along the road in many locations, squeezing through is a harrowing experience.Like other reviewers, I found the food prices excessive compared to most hotels at this price-point, although the room service staff was very quick, friendly, and attentive.To be fair, I came to this hotel based on the pictures I saw on the Hilton web site, so it was my fault for not doing more research. Because I expected a new, state-of-the-art property, my expectations were not met once I got to the location and realized how old it is. I felt like it had a rather dark and dreary feel to it; it didn't have the new and clean look that I've become accustomed to in other parts of Phoenix. Because the room was so nice, it balanced out my overall impression of the property, but I definitely won't return for a second stay or recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>smcalifornia1
<Content>Very Nice We just returned from Pointe Hilton and found it to be a wonderful place to stay. We have always stayed closer to the downtown area but have tired of all the noise and traffic. So glad we found this Hilton! It's true that it is located off the beaten path but that's exactly what attracted us to this resort. There is alot of up and down hill walking throughout the resort but if you find yourself in need of a ride back to your suite, there are benches for resting w/ phones available to call for a pick up. We liked the pool at The Falls and the bar area was a bonus although last call is at 4:45p this time of year. We ate at Pointe in Tyme twice and although it's a bit pricey the food was very good. The suites offer lots of space and 2 televisions are provided. The furniture (in our building) is bit outdated but the king bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! The entire staff are wonderful and friendly. We will now make Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs our regular place to stay during our annual trips to Arizona.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>wordub
<Content>Great hotel, great price, great location.       The grounds  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NashuaNH
<Content>Not impressed I attended a 5 day conference onsite sponsored by an employer. I travel quite a bit on business so I can compare offerings and expectations. There is no complimentary transportation from the airport, so prepare to pay either a towncar or Super shuttle both ways. Expensive and not expected for a large resort hosting business conventions on a regular basis. Internet is not free either and charged daily, whether you need basic or VPN. It was an extra $75 charge for me. Although the resort adverstises many restaurants, only two were open. There was nothing inexpensive and I paid $17 for a cheeseburger. The resort is not within walking distance of anything, so I paid a hotel employee through the conceirge service to take me to the closest supermarket and pharmacy. He was very nice and waited for me so I could get reasonably priced snacks and drinks for the week. The rooms were fabulous with terraces, nice two room suites and plenty of room. There was a mini bar in my suite with typical minibar prices.The elegant restaurant at the top of the hill was wonderful, attentive staff, nice food and a shuttle to your room. Beautiful view. That was a bonus. Another interesting point, I had a very early departure one morning so I went to the desk and settled my bill the night before. When I pulled up my bill a week later, there was an additonal minibar charge of over $50------ If I had not called, my employer would have paid for that or given me a lot of grief about some thing I didnt do. To their credit, there was no argument and I was told the charge would come off right away.So, it was a 50/50 kind of trip. All right but not great. Really too bad.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>SeattleHotMomma
<Content>Perfect Trip for Travel with Toddler  Just returned from our family's belated summer vacation. Overall this trip exceeded our expectations. Here are some high points:- Room set up was great for our family of 3 (my son is almost 2). There were three distinct parts- family room, bathroom pass through, master bedroom with plenty of room to walk around the packplay/crib.- Our location on the property was ideal. First floor, facing the family pool, steps from The Falls. Our rooms were 1045/1046. They were back to back and not adjoining as we requested but in the end it didn't matter. I would HIGHLY suggest this building for families still using strollers or anyone that doesn't want to hike. The downside is you dont get a view from your room and no real balcony.- We got a crib, refrigerator and microwave (pay $15 for the stay for each of the last two items). We shopped at Safeway about 1/2 mile north of the property and ate breakfast and lunch in our room every day before putting my son down for a nap. Saved a ton of money. We dined out at night.- We brought our portable DVD player on the flight and the plug which allowed us to play my son's favorites on the nice flat screen in the living room when we were in the room. -Overall this seems like a great time to travel to the resort. The weekend was somewhat busy with a couple of weddings but no issue finding chairs around the pool. On the weekdays we were the only one in the pool until around 11am when a couple of others joined us.- The Falls pool was perfect for our little guy. The graduated entrance allowed him to play safely while we were able to wade a little deeper or sit down to keep cool. Better than a baby pool as we could all enjoy it together.-While my husband  son were sleeping I hiked every morning. It was wonderful and easy to access from the hotel area near the pool.-We did actually order room service twice and surprisingly it was affordable based on what we were eating. The kids menu is $5-$6 items and good. We got a pizza and it was good and $13-15. I got a open face steak sandwhich for $15 as well. Other items on the menu like drinks and dinner meals were outrageous. Kids breakfast at point in time was also a deal- my parents took my son so I cant comment on the adult food. My only complaints:-The directions from the website take you from the airport on 51 to Northern and then you drive through a really unattractive  rough part of town to get to the hotel. I would advise driving further to Cactus and going to the hotel that way. -The AC went out one day/night but the night manager was especially helpful in getting us a room for the evening in another part of the hotel with working AC and not having us move rooms entirely. In general for the $141 we paid a night I though the value was outstanding. My parents want to return next year at the same time.One other note: I am a huge fan of the Willow Stream Spa at the Fairmont Princess and would suggest if you are looking for a great spa experience I would go there for 1/2 day and get a treatment, workout, relax at their pool, spa lunch and leave the kids home. Its pricey but worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>ThePreacher
<Content>Boring Went there to celebrate our 36th wedding anniversary. There was absolutely nothing to do if you did not want to hang out at a pool or play golf. The balcony faced the balconies of other residents so there was no scenery - we drove to Sedona. Parallel parking on an incline was the highlight of the day. Not our cup of tea.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>glb310
<Content>Walk, step, walk, step... For some reason, I really like this place. It鈥檚 true that you if you enjoy walking and climbing with no cell phone service followed by more walking and climbing (with 100F) then this resort is for you. The room was above average (except for the tiny bathroom) and well maintained. The only complaint was not being able to use the refrigerator in the room for my restaurant leftovers while the available microwave screamed my name. I also have to add that the front desk personnel were phony and a bit standoffish but I can get over that. Other than that, I recommend this place for everyone but not the mobility impaired. However, they do have 鈥渟huttle stops鈥?around the resort for those who care not to hike to the pool. Go ahead and stay here. You will discover something new about yourself as did I.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cooperblue
<Content>Nice Nice property, rooms were fantastic..spacious, clean and nicely furnished. Main concern was the inability to use your cell phone in the rooms and the lack of a fridge. Keep your hiking boots because you'll need them. Overall good experience.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Balmain
<Content>What a fantastic resort After receiving an email, while we were in New Mexico, from Hilton hotels telling me of a great deal for three nights including a Sunday at two Hilton resorts in Phoenix, as were were on our way to Phoenix (how did they know? - was it because I had made enqiries on the internet before leaving the UK?), we drove to the Pointe Squaw Peak, which could not accommodate us. However, they phoned Tapatio Cliffs, ascertained that there were rooms available, equipped me with driving directions and sent us on our way.The guy at Tapatio Cliffs (I wish I could recall his name) was so polite and welcoming. and even remembered my name (probably because of my English accent) when I went to the lobby later that day. We didn't have enough time to extend our stay until a Sunday, but I asked him for a good deal and we were offered the deal in the email for three nights anyway.Everyting about the hotel was wonderful. We loved all the space in the suite, the views, the balcony, the comfortable bed and the nearby laundry facilities, as well as the smaller, quieter pool in the water park area. One evening we put on our hiking boots and walked up to the nearby hill (just above the restaurant) to watch the sunset. If I have one less favourable comment, it is merely that I would prefer a smaller, easier-to-get-around resort, (the main pools were a long walk from our suite) but that said, it was great to be able to park very close to our room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRMAZ
<Content>Unless you WANT your weekend ruined don't stay here My husband and I live in the area and wanted to get away for the weekend, relax by the pool and enjoy what a resort has to offer. After much searching and review reading we chose the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort. We booked for a 3 day weekend. They were having a summer special $99.95 per night. We arrive on Friday about 5pm to check in. The front desk lady was nice and friendly but the lobby was over run by children jumping all over the furniture and a big crowd of teens. I gave the desk clerk my credit card. She said oops your card isn't being accepted. Well the cost of my 3 night stay was only supposed to be $333.00 and my credit card had plenty of credit on it. I gave her my debit card and we were registered and on our way. Later I checked my debit card online banking and discovered they put a hold on my debit card for $1200. I find this highly ridiculous. I understand and expect a hotel to put a hold on your card to cover incidentals, however my room was $99 a night for 3 nights, I don't see how a deposit 4 items the amount of the cost of the room was justified. We requested a king size bed. It was just me and the hubby. When we finally found a parking space, walked down a steep incline and found the building our room was in we opened the door to find they gave us a room with two full size beds in it. That was disapointing. Also within about 20 mins of turning the AC on there was a loud annoying clunking noise coming from the sink. We assumed it was some sort of water leak from the AC draning into sink pipe. It was so loud and annoying. We were already starting to get a little frustrated. We went back to the lobby and it was even more crowded than before with children, teenagers, and two weddings and their guests. We decided to walk around the property and take a look then go get something to eat and talk to the desk when we came back. Well.. this property is located on a mountain and the suites are built all up and down the mountain side. You can not walk anywhere without climbing up a mountain path. Unless you are 20 years old and in fantastic shape it's somewhat difficult to walk around the property. Especially in the dead of summer here it's 110-115 degrees. There is also little to no parking. Every parking space next to their nice waterpark, adult pool, family pool etc was filled up. The entire parking lot was filled to capacity so unless you want to wait to be crowded into an over stuffed van that drives you around the property to take you to the different areas of the resort you have to walk them which like i mentioned before is very difficult with all of the steep hilly inclines. So our nice walk around the property ended me being tired, huffing and puffing, and sweaty. I'm obviously not in tip top shape but that was just a little ridiculous. Our room was right next to a nice looking pool overlooking a the area below but we couldn't really get to it. The path to the pool from our room was up a very very steep road. So steep that it was just too much trouble to try to walk to the pool and since the parking is no existent it made no sense to drive to the pool. We went off property to eat and since the hotel is on a mountain we had to drive awhile to find any decent places to eat that were not in the run down part of phoenix. When we came back we had decided to checkout and find another place to stay the weekend. We went back to the hotel and called the front desk and told them we would like to check out early. They did offer to find us a new room but we didn't think we would enjoy ourselves. They told us they usually require 24 hour notice to cancel but they were nice enough to let us checkout the next day with no other charges ( i hope, as of now they have only billed us for the one night stay plus $12 for the use of the internet) So we are thirsty so my hubby said he's going to find a coke machine and get some ice. He comes back about 30mins later empty handed. We have a vending area right by our door but there is no coke machine. He hikes all around this hilly property to 2 different coke machines neither of which are working. He hikes from the hills to the gift shop in the lobby but it has now closed. There is nowhere else to buy a coke except order room service or drink from the mini bar. I'd rather not pay $3 for a can of coke but we were so thirsty we ended up drinking to cans of soda from the mini bar. I'm convinced the have non working coke machines to MAKE you buy the overpriced mini bar drinks. We could barely sleep all night with being thirsty all night ( you can't drink phoenix water unless you want to get sick) the loud clunking noise coming from the ac, the small full size bed for two people and the thought of our weekend ruined. We checked out first thing the next morning and went to the The Buttes Marriott resort in Tempe and that was the BEST decision we ever mad. I will give a review of that fantastic place next. The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort is a hell hole that I wouldn't tell my worst enemy to stay at. I don't see how they have or keep any of their paying customers.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>xpyc
<Content>Tapatio---try Ta-Crappyo Cliffs We were given a room that had a view of two parking lots. They claim to have 8 pools and we were closest to the Presidential Pool. There was nothing presidential about this pool that was closer in size to my bathtub then a resort pool. There is a lovely complex of pools but no joke about 10 minutes away, as you have to traverse levels of stairs, bridges, parking lots and 110 degree weather to get there. We changed rooms for the next two nights which made our trek only 7 minutes, and finally checked out a night early when a tour bus of what appeared to be a teen tour arrived. The restaurants are plenty but mediocre (we ate at all four of the dining options). Folks who worked there were nice enough but the hotel had no sense of aesthetic. Most of the views were of parking lots not the touted cliffs--they need a landscape architect quick. You can definitely do better in the Phoenix area, spend your money elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Shangri_la_Seeker
<Content>Paradise without an ocean Just returned from July 4th trip. Normally I go were there is an ocean. This was a trip to visit friends but made it into a vacation. The Pointe Hilton staff were very friendly. Everyone of the hotel staff would greet you with a smile. The room was clean, but you could see wear in the walls and carpet.The pools were fantastic, the falls area was good for kids. I liked the adult pool in the main complex because you could wade in the pool without the worry of kids slashing.Arrived on a Thurs. and there is construction going on in front that was annoying, Fri was a holiday and very peaceful.Price at the restaurants on site was a little pricey for what they served. $18.95 for breakfast buffet that was nothing special, On Sunday La Cantina was closed for dinner, this left Pointe in Tyme or Different Pointe of View as the only choice for food.Closing the Falls at 8pm seems to be a mistake because they have a terrific place for a night club. If there was a ocean this would be a place I'd want to visit regularly.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mom2bballplayers
<Content>Tapatio Cliffs in Phoenix       Bedroom w/ 2 queen beds  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>doggone31
<Content>OK but can be noisy on weekends Between the price I paid for the room and the Hilton name I was expecting an outstanding property. It was nice but not anything special.The good:- Large room, with separate sitting area- Good housekeeping- Proximity to hiking trails.The bad:- Room was a bit shabby (scuffed furniture), had no view, and overlooked the parking lot- Not much close by. You really need a car, although there's a Safeway and some shops about a mile north.- 5 pools, none of which are big enough to do laps in- Exercise room (for which a resort fee is charged) is underwhelming, with a limited selection of equipment- Party destination, not a luxury resort, on weekends. I stayed there Thu-Fri-Sat. Thursday night was fine. Friday night the people next door dumped a whole bag of beer bottles off their balcony. Saturday night, the same room was occupied by a different group who were up doing shots and talking and laughing on the balcony. I called the front desk at 1:15 and 2:15 and it took 45 minutes each time before things quietened down. On checkout, front desk staff were relatively unsympathetic (and the ass't front desk manager was borderline rude), saying, we have no control over who stays in our hotel rooms. True, but you do have control over how you respond to complaints, especially if your guests are paying over $125 night for your rooms.Overall, it's OK. I guess I was expecting this beautiful luxury resort and it's kind of just an ordinary hotel with a few more swimming pools.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>physicx
<Content>Amazing grounds, room. Extras are extra. I stayed here a year ago for two nights. I would love to go back for the scenery and luxurious room.I met up with a friend who was here on business. Through travel rewards, she managed to get a King Presidential Suite which provided beautiful, condo-like quarters with design touches like high wood-beamed ceilings, a stained glass window in the bathroom and a nicely furnished and inviting balcony off the bedroom. The room was appointed with a fully-functional kitchen with full-sized fridge.When you walk into the room from an outside corridor, you enter into a great room with the high ceilings with wood-beamed ceiling. The decor was southwestern, and although southwestern decor is a little out of date and seemed so cliche for Phoenix, it felt fresh because it went nicely with the room's architecture. The layout: To the right in the great room is a large living room seating area with huge sectional and chairs with large coffee table. To the left of the door was a desk near the front window, and straight ahead towards the kitchen was a gorgeous dining table that would have been suitable for a formal dinner party. A little overkill (who would throw a dinner party at a hotel???) but I'm not complaining. Then, from the front door past the dining table was a kitchen. Although the kitchen was definitely a separate room, it melded into the great room as there was a bar counter/stools behind the dining table, so of course you could see into the kitchen from the great room.When you walk through the great room towards the bedroom, the kitchen is on the left, and then there is a nicely tiled, elegant half bath beyond the kitchen also on the left as you come up to the bedroom door. When you open the door, an expansive bedroom is revealed with large bathroom, double vanities and separate large changing area on the left. Bed on the right, and balcony straight ahead. Our suite faced west from the balcony and the colorful sunsets over the nearby hills were a real treat.I definitely could have lived here, no problem!The grounds were beautiful. It's set up like a Mediterranean hillside village with many small winding streets on the grounds. Walks were very nice, although some might find a leisurely walk a little arduous since it is so hilly. Near our building there was a waterfall in the cliff across the street. If you feel like a real hike you can actually meander your way into some open desert mountain terrain on the property. There are several pools on the property some with outdoor bars which were very nice, though drink prices were kind of steep (and mine were kind of weak). There are also several dining options on the property ranging from casual to upscale. I didn't actually try these places out except for some appetizers at one of the outdoor bars.There are also several well equipped gyms on the property too. The one I went to was expansive, had plenty of cardio, nautilus, and even an impressive array of free weights. It was probably around 1000 sq. feet, and I only ever saw one other person there. I may be mistaken, but I think you had to pay for gym access, but we were covered with my friend's travel rewards.Annoyingly, you had to pay for internet access which was hardwired with the outlet at the desk. This was about a year ago, so hopefully they have come into the modern age and put in wifi.Overall, I would definitely come back and highly recommend this place even though some of the costs are hidden.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	-1	4	2	

<Author>DavidS050
<Content>Well worth the Money!!       View of golf course and hotel in background  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SeattleRedBear
<Content>Views that go on forever I was here for five nights in early June attending a conference staying in two different rooms in the main building (first two nights by myself with a king bed and the remaining nights sharing a room with two double beds). I also visited the room of other colleagues in some of the other buildings. Pretty much identical layout for all standard rooms: living room (which included a sleeper sofa). short passage (with toilet/shower on one side and sink on the other) through to the bedroom. There are doors on either end of the passage so privacy can be had. As a standard room setup, this is great! Very comfortable beds. Flat panel TVs in both living room and bedroom. Wired internet in room. Lots of space. Good housekeeping.First, the positives. As other have commented, it is a beautiful location. There are pools throughout the property (so one never far away) and the main pool complex is enjoyable (although describing it as a water 'park' is a bit much...the highly advertised slide is a fun (but short) experience). The views from Different Point of View are stunning. I didn't eat there, but drinks on the terrace at night were very enjoyable. The grounds are immaculate. The staff are very friendly and a problem with our billing was fixed quickly by reception. When I called housekeeping about a missing bottle opener, staff brought the replacement within a couple minutes. They are also flexible about allowing you to stay after official checkout.As a meeting venue, it is fantastic. Event catering was good, the meeting rooms were configurable for different sizes of events and the AV setup was well-handled. The conference center is next to the main building, so very convenient for those staying in the main building.Now, the negatives. It is pretty isolated. The hotel does provide a shuttle (for a fee) to get to the local shopping mall, but you really need a car to get to anything outside of the resort. Without a car you are a willing hostage. Internet is $12/day (although you can print out boarding passes for free and they do offer free printing in the business center from your own laptop). As for the food, I only ate at the Cantina (the Mexican restaurant in the main building overlooking the family pool). it was OK but not great and I could taste no alcohol in my drinks (and IMO was overpriced for what you got). As others have noted, it is fairly spread out/hilly and for those with mobility issues, it can be a challenge. However, the free shuttle service is excellent (one of my colleagues was staying up the hill and the shuttle appeared 3 minutes after she placed the call) and the staff encourage use of the service. The layout is fairly confusing. There are a number of footpaths/bridges that provide shortcuts (so that guests don't have to walk in the roads) but they're not obvious. Again, staff are very good about telling you about them, but I think the signage to these paths could use some improvement. Signage for drivers was very good.I'm not a golfer, but friends that are commented on the great course and facilities available.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FoxHay
<Content>Lovely resort, very nice staff My sister and I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of May. The resort was lovely and really well kept, there were loads of pools dotted around (the Presidential pool is worth the walk, very quiet and secluded) and a few restaurants  bars to choose from. We were orginally allocated a room on the ground floor but I asked (at check-in) to be moved to a higher floor which was happily done for me. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, the bed was extremely comfortable! There was a member of staff called Gabriel on the front desk who was extremely helpful, giving us tips for things to do in the local area (Frank Lloyd Wright's house is recommeded) and also allowing us to use our room until late afternoon on the day we checked out. All in all the service was brilliant and resort lovely. It is quite spread out though so less abled people may find it a bit of a challenge getting around in the heat.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hrh333
<Content>amazing staff...beautiful resort       sunset from the balcony  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>afineguy
<Content>Great Stay at a Great Resort This resort is often known as a convention hotel. Stayed here for pleasure and enjoyed it very much. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. Nice that all are two bedroom suites. Resort was built in 1982 and has been maintained very well. Staff is friendly and helpful. Pointe in Time is good for breakfast. And a Different Point of View is on just outstanding. Dinner is 5star and the lounge has one of the most amazing terraces I have ever seen. The pools are great and if you don't like the sound of happy children, you can retreat to one of the smaller ones located throughout the resort.The resort has cliffs in the title, so you should expect to walk up-hill at times. There is a shuttle service that will talke you around. Overall, I was extremely pleased with my stay.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GinaL
<Content>"Inside Out" aka "Poor and Pleasant" Just returned from 6 days at this resort.. Quick and to the point::The grounds are lovely and well-maintained. That's the outside.On the inside...the rooms are dismal. I can't imagine why they had a recent remodel and the rooms still look like these do. It's not just dated, it's also drab.I would only stay here if there is a special pricing offer as there are many far nicer places. On the plus side, the staff was very nice.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>nutmeg89
<Content>FABULOUS This place is sooo BEAUTIFUL!!! you are surrounded by mountains; they have at elat 6 out-door pools, 5 jacuzzi's, a water slide, sauna, steam room, i had a FANTASTIC time. the service was great, the staff at the hotel was very helpful. the restaurants were excellent, maybe a lttle expensive, but that's expected when you dine-in on the grounds of the resort. I went with my 18 year old daughter but next time i will defintiely go with a male companion or just for girls only weekend. i lLOVED this place!!!!!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gvcrosby
<Content>Fun for the Family Overall, this was a nice hotel. We checked in late and the hotel was 100% full. As a result, we received a room in which the air conditioning didn't work. The hotel said they were unaware of the problem prior to our arrival and would fix it. They forgot to fix it. They did fix it on our second day at the property. They compensated us very well for the inconvenience!The room was nice, a very large 1 bedroom suite. Housekeeping didn't clean it very well after the prior guest, but they took care of that too.The facility was great for a family, lots of children's activities for my 5 year old son. He loved the waterslide, ping pong, tennis and hiking.Our stay was smack in the middle of their busy season, and it showed. The staff seemed overwhelmed, maybe even under-manned. However, EVERYONE we worked with was great. They were harried yet remained polite, professional, helpful, gracious and sympathetic when necessary! Any inconveniences we encountered were more than rectified by the staff!My son wants to go back and we are actually looking forward to it!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mmmmMassachusetts
<Content>Wonderful Service. Beautiful Resort. We stayed for a quickly planned 4 day weekend and were thrilled with this place. Our party consisted of one mom (author of this review) a teenage son, and a second grade daughter. This place met all of our needs. My daughter is raving about all the pools saying the one with the water slide was amazing. My son's favotrites were the golfing and the layout of the suites. We all enjoyed room service. I was very happy with the attentive and gracious staff. The setting on the cliffs is rather unique, and It provides nice little tucked away entrances. The view from our balcony was gorgeous. You must take advantage of the many activities in and around Phoenix. We got to Chase stadium to see Randy Johnson pitch...my high school pitcher was in his glory. We also took a ride up to Sedona and toured the Red Rock area. It was breath-taking... though I will need some recovery time to get over the winding, steep, and very fast travel on those highways leading to and from Sedona.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelmonkey_8
<Content>Satisfactory at Best. There are lots of great resorts in Phoenix. I was staying here for business and found the accomodations acceptable, but nothing special. The layout is haphazard and the staff was friendly, but not overly helpful. A couple of examples, the pools in the main area of the hotel, did not have a children's pool. There was a $13.95 daily charge for wireless (I can't imagine the last time I stayed at even a modest hotel that charged for internet acess). I left a pair of shoes at the hotel, and really got the run around as I tried to track them down after I left. One day while sititng in the Lobby waiting for my colleagues, I had to listen to a staff member on the phone talking in heated terms with an ex-spouse. I was staying at the resort for free, but taken in totality each of these negative experiences would have me stay at a different hotel. There are many great resorts in Phoenix and this doesn't even come close to being one of them. It was adequate at best, not awful, but not the kind of place for special vacation memories.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>brownfamily08
<Content>Overall... great stay! My husband and I visited as a last relaxing trip before our new baby is born next month. Overall, it was a wonderful and relaxing stay filled with great service and beautiful views.Check in was perfect. Tony led us by car to our Hidden Valley suite and explained everything about the resort and best places to eat while at the resort.Our suite on the top 4th floor was great with a comfortable bed and living room suite. When the flat screen went out suddenly the first morning, they were there with a new one within 5 minutes. WOW... great service again!The food was very good at Pointe in Thyme. We ate there for the buffet breakfast complete with a custom omelette station. The hamburgers there were fantastic as well. Do stay away from the Mexican Cantina... food was not that good at all.We played a round of golf there at the resort at Outlook Mountain Golf Course. It was in great shape with immaculate fairways and greens, course can be very challenging playing from tips. (Just stay on the fairways!!)The spa was probably the most disappointing part of the trip. My husband and I both got massages.... the therapists were good however the spa is VERY SMALL and CRAMPED. There is no spa-like experience there so I did cancel my facial for the following day.The pool is great complete with a slide. Although being 33 weeks pregnant I couldn't do it, my husband enjoyed the indoor slide! I loved laying out and getting some great sun. There were children everywhere at the family pool but there are 3-4 other smaller pools at the resort, one being for adults only.The only part I was not happy at with was when our bill came the last morning, they had double charged us for a dinner and added about $5.00 additonal to a tip. When we questioned them, they immediately took it away... just disappointing they do things like that to unsuspecting guests.Overall though, we loved our stay and will bring our children back in a couple of years! Phoenix is beautiful!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>awaintroob
<Content>Great place to enjoy the outdoors Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs is built into the foothills in North Phoenix. It is right next to the Phoenix North Mountain Preserve so it is a wonderful location for hikers. The hotel has a waterpark with a 138 foot slide and lots of pools all over the property. The accommodations are very comfortable. I particularly liked the reading lights attached to the headboards on the bed on the side away from the bedside table. I also appreciated the availability of coin laundy machines. My 11 year old son loved the fact that there was always a pick-up basketball game on the basketball court. This is a great place to settle in to enjoy the Arizona outdoors. If the main focus of your trip is shopping or fine dining, you might want to stay closer to the bright lights of Scottsdale since north Phoenix doesn't offer much in the way of shopping or dining. One word of warning--this resort is built into a mountain so there's lots of ups and downs. It would be a tough place to manuever a child in a stroller or anyone with difficulty climbing or descending hills.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Andymtnbkr
<Content>Excellent Resort.       The waterfalls by the pool  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>M&ALongGrove
<Content>~ Back Again! My wife and I spent a week at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs over New Year's break, 2008. We have been to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area many times, and have stayed at the Pointe a number of times before: winter and summer seasons.Needless to say, if we didn't like it, I wouldn't have booked this stay. However, I must say that having returned to the Pointe so often ~ probably 7 or 8 times, dating back 12 years ~ that we'll book someplace else, for our next visit.Remembering back to my first stay ~ a business trip ~ I was really impressed with the resort: unique grounds, great facilities, a nice selection of restaurants, fantastic pool area, comfortable and spacious rooms. I can tell you this: if you're a first-time visitor, you will probably love the place. After a couple business trips, I returned there a few times on my own, and actually got engaged at A Different Pointe of View, the upscale restaurant on the property. So, all things considered, the Pointe will always be special to me/us.On this most-recent visit, we used the Pointe as an home base. Aside from breakfast, we drove to other restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area to go the local route. As you know, it's always fun to try new restaurants, and go back to some local-area favorites. And there are plenty of great restaurants, not more than a 30-minute drive from the Pointe.If there was a negative Pointe on this trip, it would be the breakfast. We got the Hilton's Bounce Back Breakfast Deal. For a discounted price, you get to select from the breakfast menu every day. However, be careful here and read the fine print. To be fair, just about everything is included in the deal option; you can get a very inclusive breakfast everyday, including juice and coffee. But, read the menu closely. For example: one morning, my wife elected to order a breakfast entree that actually cost less than what I paid for the daily breakfast meal deal ~ you get coupons to use at the restaurant every day. Along with the entree, she ordered juice. Well, the entree she ordered did not include juice, so we got billed an extra $4.00. That rubbed me the wrong way. But those are the rules/terms, folks. So, read the fine print, or ask the waiter/waitress, before you order. Also, on this trip, a couple of the breakfasts came to us cool, not hot. Cool eggs. Hashed browns. Sausage/Bacon. It was just OK. I don't usually complain about minor things like this. However, it was sub-par, when expecting a nice, hot breakfast. Other than that . . .If you've never been to the Pointe, by all means, give it a try. If you're a young couple, it's a romantic place. If you have kids, the pool area is special, and there's a place to keep your kids, too. (Do everybody a favor, though. Keep them away from that young couple looking for a little romance!) There's something here for everybody to enjoy. Singles. Families. Young marrieds. Business travelers. Active older folks, too. First trip? You'll probably want to come back again. Like I said above, I did. We did. Now, for the time being . . .We'll leave the Pointe to you, . . . for a while.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pdelis50
<Content>Nice resort Stayed here for a business conference in March 2008. Front desk was Ok, the consigere told me of things to do if I had the time and took a 30 minute ride to Cave Creek.The Suite Room was clean, spacious and comfortable Plenty of things to do, in the resort. Ran the mountain trails (but I was warned about Scorpions, rattlesnakes and bees), Pool scene is good and there is also a golf course, tennis courts and a few restaurants on the site (La Cantina, the Mexican one, was fine for lunch)A few items that may be of note, there is nothing else within walking distance ot the hotel (in case you were thinking of leaving for whatever reason) If you were to explore the Phoenix area more, be sure to have a car. The only flaw I had, was that I was taking the red eye back and I had to ask 3 times about getting a late roon checkout, but I finally got it  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DC_Runner78
<Content>Good location; Overall good experience Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Tapatio Cliffs. The location is nice -- close enough to interstate to be accessible, but far enough away that you feel like you're not in the midst of a metropolis. Across the street is a desert mountain preserve with trails, etc. that are good for hiking or running. The room was quite clean, although somewhat worn, especially the carpeting and some furniture. The rooms were probably originally built 30 years ago or so, so consequently have had some updating done. Our room had a balcony which was nice. Bathroom was fine as well. The water park and pools were nice, especially if you have kids. Although adults will love the bar service too! Had a pedicure at the spa -- the stylists were very accommodating and helpful. Food service is a little limited -- there is a very expensive Starbucks, a pool cafe, a pricey restaurant, and another restaurant that is more moderate...but you are close to other dining opportunities (driving distance, not walking distance) so it's not so much of a problem. I would definitely stay here again. Not sure if it's worth the $259 that I saw advertised on some websites (we used Hilton points), but it was a nice place in a good location with lots of amenities if you're willing to pay for them.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>kascoop
<Content>Nice, but unpleasant front desk The front desk is the front door in terms of customer service and it just amazes that some hotels don't get this. I booked one night with my Hilton points and then booked two more paid nights. I did this on the Hilton website and I clearly added comments with each separate reservation that they should ensure I don't have to change rooms when I arrive. My wife and I arrived and checked in and the woman checking in was less than pleasant, and then proceeded to tell me that I would have to come back the next day before 6 p.m. to get a new key, but she kept me in the same room. She said this as if she was doing me a favor. It was just an amazing attitude when I'm longtime Hilton Honors member. I asked her what was the point of me adding the comments in the reservation form? Do you read those or not? Incredible. I walked out to the car and asked my wife if she found the woman rude, and she immediately agreed. Unfortunately, she didn't have a name tag. The rest of the stay was pleasant enough, as was the room, the pool area and the golf course, (and we were pleasantly surprised by the generally good quality of the food at the restaurants, and we cook and eat out frequently) but what do I remember? My experience at the front desk when I checked in.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>NorthbaySonoma_CA
<Content>Keeps getting better My wife and I have been to the Pointe about 3 times in the last year and we love it. We like to be active and love the ability to walk right off property and hike in the North Mountain Preserve The hotel has been remodeled and repainted and the suites have been nicely redone. All hotel employees have been very helpful and extremely polite. Perhaps they have had training.The gym is small and very busy in the early morning but nicely remodeled as well. The pools are great and they are tucked in everywhere. Nice upgrades to the lounge chairs with thick pads and nice towels.Only negative we had was some noise from power generating machinery and equipment. Of course some buildings and rooms have better views than others and I know there are some with parking lot views that would not make me happy.But the overall improvement in condition makes this a terrific place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kris1951
<Content>We will return. We just returned from a five day stay. It is located right next to North Mountain which is great for hiking, mountain biking and learning more about the desert at the North Mountain Visitors Center. It was very easy to get around from this location especially nice for heading up to Sedona for a day. The rooms are suites which gives you more room and comfort. Our room was well taken care of and all the staff is friendly. We only ate breakfast at the hotel which was very good. The pools looked great but it was a little cool to use. We'll just have to return!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>jlw1013
<Content>Wonderful resort I just returned from a four night stay, and would give the Pointe Hilton a very high recommendation, especially for the price. The room was clean and comfortable with great beds. We took advantage of the pool and hot tubs, and ate at both of their restaurants. The staff was courteous and helpful, and the food was very good. The location is wonderful with hiking throughout North Mountain park, and a Starbucks and Walgreens are close by for essential items. There is an AJ's Fine Food's near Starbucks which has a great wine selection. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RUBUMN
<Content>Extremely Disappointing My parents and I spent 1 night at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio on our way to PHX from Sedona. Firstly, the reception crew was less than helpful and had an extremely arrogant attitude. Being a Hilton Gold member, I receive better treatment and nicer accomodations at the Hampton Inns.The rooms were uncomfortable and disfuntional. The layout of the hotel was very hard to navigate.The price we paid per room, far exceeded the value of this property. We were spoiled by an excellent experience at the Adobe Grand Villas in Sedona prior to our stay at the Hilton.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	-1	2	

<Author>jcolem2000
<Content>Not a huge fan Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Tapatio Cliffs with a friend of mine on a golf weekend, and I will not be returning to this property.First of all, let me note that my friend is a Hilton Diamond member, and we used points for the room. If we had spent a lot of money I would have been really disappointed.The room itself was fine - since I was with a Diamond Member we received probably one of the nicest rooms in the complex - set far away from most of the craziness. If we had been put up in the main building or some of the more crowded areas I would have been very annoyed with the noise. Even up away from the crowds noise was still a problem, as was parking.The large pool was pretty much shut-down, very few people there and the waterslide they advertise with such fervor wasn't even in operation.The golf course messed up our reservations and moved our tee time an hour earlier without telling us. They claim they did not do this, but I had a reservation confirmation showing that they did. They moved our tee time to accommodate a larger group coming in, and didn't have the courtesy to call and let us know.The best part about our stay was the little pool up near our complex. It was quiet and relaxing. Although we had to call to the front desk to get the hot tub heater fixed (it was tepid at best), the maintenance person arrived promptly and fixed it.The worst part about the resort was the food. If you are going to charge ridiculous prices ($15 for a sandwich, $6 for a beer) - the food better be good. The food was terrible. Every meal we had at the resort was mediocre at best, and after the second day we just started leaving for our meals. Way over priced for what you get. We went out and bought a cooler for ourselves and kept beer and drinks on our balcony, and ate meals off-site - probably saved us a good $500 over the course of the week.Overall I will not return to this property - even using points for a free room I will most likely try to find another Hilton to use on my return.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MichWorldTraveler
<Content>A Very Unique Hotel One of the most unique hotels I've stayed at. The hotel is built into a mountain...And it's not all connected, the mountainside is adorned with dozens of buildings which make up the hotel rooms...All are outside access (the room door goes right to the outdoors, not a hallway), which I generally hate, but works well here. Big, comfortable rooms. One particular restaurant sticks out as 'AMAZING' to me--'A Different Pointe of View' has some of the most romantic views I've ever seen...It's at the top of the mountain, and you can see the entire Phoenix valley below. VERY COOL, VERY ROMANTIC. (And very expensive). Food and service isn't anything special, but it's worth it just for the views. If it's not summer and you can get one, get an outside table or a windowfront inside. Regardless, after dinner, go down a level to the outside bar for coctails to enjoy the view.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>majorfoodie
<Content>Noisy, Noisy, Noisy!!! Never Again!!! They have taken an older, elegant property and painted it the most garish colors imaginable! The rooms are redone in a very haphazard way - they slapped on some paint but failed to refinish any of the wood items like the beat-up 70's era dressers. There is no refrigerator, so you are stuck hauling ice from another floor to keep any beverage cold. The worst complaint is that we asked for a quiet room - HAH! Right under our bedroom window, at 7am the workmen showed up and started hauling metal ladders out of the back of their trucks, yelling at each other, playing the radios in their trucks, and then the air compressor started and stayed on all day!!! When we complained, we were offered an even noisier room (instead of a suite) near the entrance - no upgrade, no discount, no free night. In addition, the highway just below is very noisy; because this is primarily a BUSINESS hotel, the guests themselves don't seem to realize that other people might be on VACATION so when they come back to their rooms drunk or get up at 6am they think it is perfectly OK to yell at their friends; they have outdoor meetings with loudspeakers that can be heard all over the property; and there is a riding academy by the golf course that smells like guess what? Horses! The beds were HARD - this was the upgraded mattress, at a time most hotel chains are changing to pillow-tops. And the pillows were so squishy I couldn't find enough of them to prop me up so I could read. Don't count on getting to eat at the fancy restaurant - it is booked by private parties most weekends and some week nights and is closed Sunday and Monday. The Mexican restaurant is a big joke - $12 for two American-style tacos! They have a captive audience and take full advantage of it.Because this resort is on a steep hillside, you either need to be in pretty good shape or ask for a shuttle everywhere you go. Won't be staying HERE again!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>planningzone
<Content>Very Nice All-Suite Resort This resort was a welcome surprise. It was beautiful 20 years ago when I was in college, so I was a bit concerned that it could be very worn down. To my surprise, it was in great shape. It was very obvious that the rooms had been refurbished. My wife LOVED it and wanted to stay a couple extra nights. The check-in went very smoothly even though they had a temporary front desk set-up because the lobby is getting refurbished.The pool was great! There was a water slide for the kids. It was closed when we were there, because it was cold out, but they had a sign in front of the slide saying that you can ask the bartender to turn it on if you want to use it. I thought that was pretty cool.You can drive and park in front of your room. If you get there in the day-time there is plenty of room-front parking, so you will not need the bellman to help you. If you arrive at night, GET THE BELLMAN'S HELP! This is because the parking is very crowed at night and you probably need to park away from your room and walk. I was there on a weekend and at night parking was VERY crowded. I guess you can take a drive to the room to see if you can find a good spot and return for help if it does not pan-out...??There is no short-term parking, so either there is a spot or there isn't. The streets are VERY narrow, so if you try to double park and unload, you will block the entire street.I will be going back for sure!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Sooner22
<Content>Nice Family Vacation Stayed at the hotel from 12/31/07 thru 1/3/08 while attending the BCS Bowl Game in Glendale. Being a Hilton Honors Gold member the hotel gave several upgrades and benefits. Staff was very cordial and helpful. My kids loved the pool area on New Years Day. Rooms were clean, comfortable and very similar to an Embassy Suites layout without the fridge and larger bar area. The only drawback was the hotel layout, hard to navigate and was in chaos on New Years Eve. The breakfast buffet was very good. Nice hotel with exception of the layout, which at the end of the day may be a part of its overall charm.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RodeTripp
<Content>Renovations.......Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort Having previously stayed at Tapatio Cliffs on numerous occassions, I was somewhat disappointed with the recent renovations. The many buildings which comprise the resort used to be white. With the red tile roofs and lush vegetation, it was stunning in appearance and reminicient of a tropical villa on a hillside. The buildings have now been repainted in somewhat bold colors (mustard, red, brown etc.) The walkways between the buildings have also been painted in these colors but not the same color as any of the buildings they connect. The result, a look which reminds of the barrios bajos (slums) of Mexico City.As for the rooms, ours was many shades of avocado green with some yellow. It is unfortunate that avocato was chosen as the new color to represent this southwestern venue. It was also disturbing that the new couch was already ripped and that the new cocktail and end tables had brown cardboard glued to them in various places (packing materials which are stuck to the metal frames).For a once wonderful resort, the aesthetics now leave much to be desired.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>edit_rrrr
<Content>Disappointing Service, Adequate Room, Great Amenities I have stayed at this resort three times; I'd expect my most recent visit will be my last, though my overall fondness for the Hilton amenities might override my disappointment with the poor service I experienced recently.Problems: at check-in, I requested a change from the non-smoking room I had reserved on the Hilton Web site to a smoking room, as my non-smoking traveling companion chose to stay elsewhere. I arrived at my (somewhat hard-to-find) room, weary from a very long flight, only to discover that it was a non-smoking room despite my request. I called the front desk and was told that I could move right next door (to a room that was similar, though slightly less desirable), but when I moved into the new room I discovered it was also non-smoking. I called the desk and was told to go ahead and smoke in that room; they would bring an ashtray.Additional problems: I departed from my room on Sunday at about 11 a.m. and returned around 10 p.m., only to discover that the room had not been cleaned. I called the guest hotline and was told that it was too late to have the room cleaned but that I could have fresh towels and coffee; when I inquired about the reason the room was not cleaned, I was transferred (without further assistance or apology) to the front desk. The front desk personnel stated I must have left the do not disturb sign on the door (I hadn't!) and offered to have the room cleaned immediately, but as I was ready to sleep I declined the offer in favor of the fresh towels and coffee alone. (They arrived within about 15 minutes.) I never received any explanation, apology, or adjustment. An additional disappointing feature was the $13.95 per day fee for internet access (with VPN), essential for staying connected with work while I visited Phoenix for a family emergency. It worked well and was easy to set up, but free wireless access would seem to be an expected amenity at a hotel of this type.The hotel setting is attractive, with views of mountains and city lights. (Warning: for some rooms, one is faced with a very steep walk to/from the only parking options.) The suite was comfortable--and, as usual, the beds, linens, and toiletries were perfect. This room was far less luxurious than the two others I had experienced at this hotel, though. Housekeeping (when offered!) was excellent, and the room was very clean. I liked the two-room arrangement and the flat-screen televisions in each. The AAA rate on the Hilton site was great.It's too bad the service was dreadful. From a hotel of this type, I'd expect much better--and, from my experience, it's possible to find great service at comparable locations in the Phoenix area.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>Schmengi9
<Content>Nice little getaway We stayed at the Tapatio Cliffs resort for one night after Christmas as a getaway from the family and it was very worthwhile overall. We called ahead to ask for and received an early check-in, which allowed us additional time to make use of some of the resorts' facilities. This was a very nice touch, since check-in is usually at 4 PM, which limits how much you can enjoy a place on a one-night stay.We thought the room was quite spacious and clean overall, with warm, yet modern decorative finishes. The bed was wonderful. There was only one vanity for the bathroom, which was located across a hallway from the water closet itself. The light switch for the water closet was on the outside wall, which was little awkward. The separate living room was fine, but the sofa was stiff and there was no coffee table to set a drink on. It would also have been helpful for the room to have a refrigerator separate from the mini-bar like some other resorts have been known to provide. (We'd heard mixed reviews about the Different Point of View Restaurant and decided instead to stay in with food  wine from the AJ's Fine Foods store located north of the resort at 7th St.  Thunderbird, which was an excellent store and turned out to be an excellent choice! No fridge meant meant creative use of the sink and ice bucket for our wine, cheese and sushi. Ce la vie!)Although it was in the 50s-low 60s the day we stayed at TC, we decided that it was still worth a trip to the water park/ pool. (When you come from the 10s  20s, 50s  60s is quite a warm-up!) This area is pretty well removed from the vast majority of the guest rooms and almost needs to be driven to because of the lack of walks along most of the interior drives. The pool facilities were very nice and very welcomed and the Cascades bar was also good. There is a smaller pool/ spa/ workout room in the center of the main guest room area, though it looked largely closed while we were there.One area I would caution guests to was the Point in Tyme restaurant, which is located near the main pool area. We went for breakfast before checking out and it was a disaster. The service was abysmal and the food neither worth the wait or the price (45 minutes and $13 for huevos rancheros!). This was noteworthy because it was definitely not high season when we were there, so I can only imagine what a treat it is in peak times.Overall, I would recommend a stay at Tapatio Cliffs. My wife and I would definitely have stayed another night if our schedule would have allowed and hope to get back for another stay the next time we're in Phoenix. I should note that the resort is in the final stages of a renovation project, which currently has the main lobby gutted and moved to temporary quarters elsewhere in the main building. Some of the parking around the main building was torn up or used as staging, but it wasn't a big deal overall and I wouldn't let it dissuade you from staying at the TC.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>wanderlustgyrl
<Content>An oasis in the desert       balcony view  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelFan
<Content>Quiet Christmas Stay We stayed at the Point Hilton Tapitio for six days over Christmas 2007. The property is undergoing a complete renovation. The lobby/check-in has been temporarily moved across the street to the ballroom. They were repaving the roads when we arrived so they placed us in the main building, which is a four story garden type hotel. We were on the third floor overlooking one of the pools. When you enter your suite, there is a sitting room with a desk, couch, bar, and a new flat panel tv. Then you walk into a tiled area that has a sink, counter, mirror, and a separate room for the shower/tub and restroom. Two people can easily get ready at the same time in this arrangement. The final room of the suite is the bedroom. Ours came with two queen beds, both with plush down comforters and pillows. This room also had a tv, a closet, and a chest of drawers. I believe each room also has a balcony. The couch in the sitting room did not make out into a bed, so the following day, we asked if we could move to one of their outer buildings. They were very gracious to move us into building one. In our new room, the couch made out into a bed, so the room could accommodate up to a maximum of six people, although we just had four. The views from the balcony are a lot prettier from the outer buildings, although the parking can be a bit challenging. (There are narrow roads between the buildings which has limited parking for guests. If you get there later in the evening and the spaces are full, you have to walk up or down the hill to a parking lot). The hotel was very quiet during the Christmas season, and they were not using many of their outer buildings. The hotel staff was very accommodating, meeting every request we had. They give complimentary papers in the morning. They have a computer where you can check in for your flight if you are flying. There are many pools across this property, a work out room, golf, many restaurants, and hiking and horse-back riding right next door to the property. We did not get to take advantage of all of the amenities since we were visiting family, but the room was perfect for our Christmas stay. The staff is to be commended for their excellent service.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rzr632
<Content>Not for business travel I had a quick one night stay for business. I would not stay at this property again for business. This is designed for retreat and should be booked for that purpose only. The room was large and the bed comfortable, but getting to the room was a hike. Cell phone, blackberry, etc. was out of range. No wi-fi in the room.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>alshartman
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing stay!       View of the city from the resort  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>ThadeusJackson
<Content>A little cliff dwelling. The Pointe was a pretty good stay. There was some construction going on, but they did a pretty good job keeping the dust down. Although the layout was difficult to navigate, I really dont mind walking around - and Id rather stay in an interesting place than a box hotel anyway. I had to leave early, so the people at the restaraunt bagged up a little continental breakfast to go. My deck had a great view of the resort, pools, and sunset - and my room was recently updated. Con: I was there on business and wish the internet would have been free. Overall a good stay. I would recommend for a business traveler if they can get a good deal, or for a long weekend rest.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>willie55
<Content>Great Resort! Great Scenic views! Great Time!       looking out our room  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gracie99uk
<Content>Nice pools but lacking in customer service! We just spent two nights at this Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs. We're Hilton Gold members and were disappointed not to receive any acknowledgement of this at check-in. Infact we didn't really receive any welcome at all. Check-in agent just gave us keys and a map and told us where to go. Disappointed with room on level two near adult pool - on entering it was very dark and smelt funny. Shower pressure was good however and bed comfy. Woke up after first night with Hilton breakfast coupons under the door with letter acknowledging gold status ... would have been appreciated if we hadn't booked room rate with breakfast included!!!!If you want to relax by the pool then this hotel is okay. The adult pool is next to the hotel's mexican restaurant and you can swim up to the bar and order bar food and drinks. We ate burger and fries and chicken tacos at lunch ... burger was fine but the shredded chicken taco was a bit hit and miss! The best pools are at the falls village.There are two large pools and a slide (fun) and a bar area with food available. The loungers at the adult pool are cushioned and really comfortable whereas the loungers at the falls aren't as comfy! Our biggest complaint with this hotel is the attitude of staff. With the exception of housekeeping who always greeted us with a smile and hello no-else seemed to want to be there. Check-in were just awful, bar staff fairly miserable and our waitress at breakfast was disinterested ... we waited a while for her to reappear when we had finished but she was a no show so in the end we just left our breakfast vouchers and a tip on the table and just left.Other than lunch at the pool we didn't eat at the hotel. There are lots of restaurant choices nearby as well as the Outlet Mall at Anthemif you're interested in shopping!!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>tsmcarr
<Content>Pretty, Nice to Relax by the pool Looking for a quick 4 day weekend and choose the resort from Costco travel site. Saved $300 over the same exact vacation if I would have booked through US Air Vacations.Check in was easy. We requested a room near the Falls Water Village and they upgraded our room at no cost.Rooms were clean and perfect size for my husband and I and our 6 and 2 yr old. No microwave though.Falls Water Village Pool area was beautiful, lots of room, cabanas for rent. Nice depth for the kids. Big hot tub. another Pool located close by, but was more shaded. Adult pool and family pool are located in the main hotel area and are tiny. Make sure to get rooms near the Falls Water Village.Lunch at the Cascade Falls was good, typical poolside choices. Dinner at the La Catina mexican was so so.Visited the sister hotel - Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak. Not as pretty looking, but more for the older kids. Lazy river, putt putt, kids club. Although I'm glad we didn't stay there because the lazy river is not near the main pool so we couldn't just relax and let the small kids off to play. Not nearly as scenic.Our room was right off the start of a trailhead, kids had a good time on the easy hike.Staff was friendly, rooms cleaned timely, close to airport.Would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>linner123
<Content>Nice and fun! This place is huge - and has 8 pools! We were only there one night, but we enjoyed one of the pools and loved the poolside drink service (although expensive). Felt pampered. The pools has cool covered cabanas available for rent - would be nice for families with babies (they even have fridges and tvs in them! Our room was a large suite with essentially three rooms - a sitting area, a bathroom broken into two roomy areas, and a nice size bedroom - all very clean and comfortable. For all we got, this was a resort-qualtiy place at a good price. Fairly close to restaurants and has several of it's own, which I did not try.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>JFann823
<Content>Not for the business traveler I would not receommend this hotel for a business traveler. I stayed at this hotel for a business meeting that was to take place at the hotel. I stayed in the hotel part of the resort. First of all, there was no wireless internet. I found this a terrible inconvienance. The only internet connection was found at the desk which was in a different room than the bed. I prefer to work on the bed. Further, when I tried to connect to the internet, it did not work. After spending 20 minutes on hold with IT, I was told it was a hotel problem and nothing they could fix. There were no vending machines. I am supposing they wanted to encourage you to use the minibar. However, be careful with the minibar charges. I found out on my bill a week later (after looking at my ebill on the website) that I was charged for way more than the water that I took. It took several phone calls to rectify that situation. Another reviewer talked about room service but I could not find anywhere where there was room service. I was forced to eat at the worst mexican restaurant in history which was a restaurant choice at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel for people on vacation and people with families. There are pools and a variety of restaurants on the property that would make it very convienant for the vacation traveler. Of course I have to admit that the vacation traveler is what this hotel was intended for. However, they have many conference rooms and business rooms for meetings and I am sure they get plenty of complaints from business travelers.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Another Great Stay       Living Room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>huckleberrypie
<Content>Loved the pools!       View from our doorway.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JChapma
<Content>Great, Relaxing get away My wife and I stayed at the Tapatio Cliffs Hilton the last week of August, and had a really great experience. We arrived on a Thursday night, and were immediately impressed with how friendly everyone was. We checked in quickly (HHonors), and were driven up the hill to our room. When the sun came up the next day, we realized we had been driven about 400 yards, so it's definitely walkable without luggage. We had a very nice two room suite next to the presidential pool; clean and well cared forThis hotel has a lot of choices for entertainment with 7 pools, and we spent a lot of our time at the pool all by ourselves. It was really, really relaxing. The fitness center is nice and does have a fairly decent selection of free weights. We hiked every morning from the hotel and there are a couple of different trails to choose from, although they're not extremely isolated (you're in metro Phoenix, so we expected as much). Going left under the highway led to better trails. We only ate dinner at the hotel one night; at the Casades (since it's casual). They have Mexican food. It was ok, but we had a great Tex Mex meal 5 minutes away Sierra Bonita restaurant. The bellman recommended it, and it was a really good choice.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Markydave
<Content>Fantastic vacation resort OK This resort is large and there is a lot of walking involved but hey, it is only 5 minutes from the furthest rooms to the large pool or main lobby. We stayed in the rooms opposite the small pool where the Works cafe and gym was located. A great quiet pool area with fantastic sunbeds and even better service from the staff.The resort was really clean, the check in staff were great and the room itself was really fresh and clean. great having two rooms as well. The location was also great and we were close to the main routes and restaurants.Have been to Phoenix 4 times but this was the best holiday.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mslia
<Content>Maybe not in July We got a great deal because it was JULY! Presidential suite. Extremely nice room. Quite a hike to any pool though.  The worst part, and this was true of the other Pointe Hilton in Phoenix as well where we went to use the pool, is the locals! I don't know if the hotels are that hard up for cash in summer, but they allow hordes of local families to crowd up the pool area on the weekends. I swear the pool water was yellow by 6:00 PM Saturday. The family pool was closed, so there were kids in the adult pool - so no escaping the pee. When we arrived on Thursday, it was a dreamy, quiet escape for our tenth anniversary.  So, if you are from Phoenix and want to take your kids to the lazy river or water slides - skip the water park and go right on over to a Pointe Hilton resort! If you want a quiet, relaxing weekend escape - go anyplace else.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>suzansmile
<Content>Look elsewhere for a place to stay My friends and I, from a local mom's club, decided to stay at The Pointe, for our bi-yearly mom's night away. All of us are mom of young children and we were looking forward to being away from our families, spending quality time together and sleeping in the next day. When my friend and I checked into our room, we noticed that the bed skirt on my bed was filthy. The bed skirt on my friend's bed was splattered with blood (without a doubt) and I also found that I had a dead bug between my cover and sheets. We phoned the front desk and housekeeping was dispatched and the bedding was replaced. For dinner we went to The Pointe In Tyme. Our waiter was very personable, he offered suggestions and raved over the onion soup. Our drink order was taken and 12 minutes later, our drinks arrived. Our meal, consisting of 2 burgers, 2 soups and 3 salads arrived 40+ minutes later. The soup was horrible. Grocery store, off the shelf soup has more flavor and personality then what we were served. The pecan salads were the size of a side salad. They consisted of greens, pecans and with very little cheese. Though it was very tasty, they were certainly not worth the $8.00 price tag. We informed the waiter that the soup certainly did not live up to our expectations. The waiter tasted my soup and confirmed that it was very bland and was probably a pot thrown together, after they had run out of the earlier batch. We were offered a free desert and the cost of the soups were removed from our bill. After a disappointing meal, we retired to our rooms. Sunday morning, yes SUNDAY morning before 9 am, we were woken by the hammering, chiseling, tape ripping and talking going on while the removal of room numbers and application of new ones took place, to our door and the rooms around us. This was not the only project going on. I phoned the manager and was informed that he was not available and he would be calling me back. I did let the desk know what my complaint was and within 10 minutes, the one project (chiseling the numbers off the door) was stopped but there were still other work going on that we could hear. At 10:30 am, my friend and I went to take showers and found there was no running water. I phoned the front desk and was notified that the city had a station down. We were able to bathe and dress in our friend's room, located in another building.Overall, I can forget about the bug (we live in AZ) and the issue with the water, BUT will not consider staying at this resort again. The filth in the room and the lack of consideration of their guests comfort, is incomprehensible. In the end, I was offered a voucher, for a night at the resort, at a later date. I was told that since I had prepaid, I could not have a refund. I did insist on a refund, and was informed I would receive a check in a few weeks.. My friends and I plan on sharing this experience with our friends, family and business associates.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>winddancer0104
<Content>Very Relaxing My husband and I had a wonderful time celebrating our 2 year anniversary here!!! We were there Saturday  Sunday night. We stayed here last year too  had a presidential suite so when I walked into the king suite this year I was a little disappointed but I got over it quickly. For the price, the room is very nice. The only issue we had was our room wasn't ready until 4:45pm (check-in is 4pm), but they gave us a $50 voucher to be used anywhere in the resort.It was a very relaxing trip. You can chill out in/by one of the many pools  there are different restaurants to choose from when you get hungry. Since we don't have kids we really took advantage of the adults only pool w/ the swim up bar.For the price during the summer I definitely recommend staying here!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jo-tris
<Content>Ok, but won't be going back... Stayed at the Tapatio for our summer family vacation. Our all-suite accommodation was just okay, and rather cramped for 2 teenagers and 2 adults. The sofa bed consisted of a piece of something they called a mattress that was VERY uncomfortable, slept the rest of the time on just the sofa itself. No refrigerator in the room, only a min-bar so needless to say, we spent over $35 on bar items. Our first day, the toilet in our room got clogged but maintenance quickly took care of the problem. Room service was always prompt and pretty decent. We chose the Tapatio based on reviews on TripAdvisor and the hotel's website. Let me just say, the hotel is NOT as nice as it appears or claims to be on the website. The Falls Water Village offers acres of pools... yes, there are pools scattered throughout the property but nothing special. The main pool area has 2 pools, lots of lounge chairs, a bar, and one pathetic little water slide, so the hype on the website is very misleading. The website also stated that they have a lap pool, upon check-in no one knew anything about a lap pool when asked, in fact management came out and specifically said that they do not have a lap pool, but we later found an area in the main pool that was designated for lap swimming, of sorts. We ate once at a Pointe in Thyme - save your money and eat somewhere else. The food was ok, service good, but overpriced. We also made the mistake of eating at La Cantina, horrible. The hotel is about 20 years old and is showing signs of wear and tear and is in desperate need of renovation. The fitness centre is small and the equipment is old. Overall it wasn't a horrible stay but for the price and with other hotel options in Phoenix, we'll stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>t3shannon
<Content>Loved the Pointe...skip the hotel and rent a Townhouse for less! Try and rent a condo or townhouse on the Pointe property instead! I found mine and rented it for a week on [--] and typed in Phoenix. The Pointe has many places for rent and for less than the hotel.... ..You can stay on and use all the facilities of the property while enjoying all the amenities of home. You want room service ...it will be delivered! All places come fully equipped and have kitchens, washers and dryers and some even have HUGE patios!!! Renting a condo is definitely the best deal at the Pointe!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>govan_derriere
<Content>Fifth stay at a great resort hotel Our fifth stay at the Tapatio cliffs resort. This is probably our last stay here. This hotel is beginning to show its age. Over the years we have stayed at many better hotels since our first stay here. The room allocated this time was dark. The ceiling was low which contributed to the dark interior. The suite was clean and comfortable. Upgrading work appeared to be going on at the hotel, so it may well improve.The food available in the mexican cantina (can't remember the exact name) was overpriced and poor in quality. The restaurant/bar grill was very good.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jcstone47
<Content>Peaceful and Beautiful This is an absolutely beautiful hotel. The grounds are clean and nicely appointed, as are the rooms. The staff is friendly and helpful. I am a Hilton Diamond member, so that is always nice. The downside is the hike up the hill to get to some of the rooms. If you are staying here for business, a round of golf or with your significant other, I highly recommend it. If you are traveling with children or friends, I recommend the other Pointe Hilton (Squaw Peak, as it is only about 5 minutes away, but they have a water park and more fun activities and restaurants.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Tea_Meister
<Content>Great Room, Terrible Service This hotel is tucked into the Phoenix North mountains. It has the typical Pointe style rooms that are much like an Embassy suites. It is a huge site and sometime difficult to navigate. It has several pool areas that are fun but the main pool is a disappointment unless the kids are very young. It has one small slide that requires a 20-25 minute wait. The service here is terrible though. It took 3 phone calls to housekeeping to get the roll of TP they forgot, 3 call and a 45 minute wait to get the 2nd half of a room service order. The buffet was completely out of food at 9:15am causing the restless crowd to sit around and wait. Do not expect any results if you bring issues to the attention of management. Not one of these issues was addressed during my stay or in the 30 days since I was there.The Pointe Squaw Peak has a much better pool area and more competent staff.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>gchikerconnecticut
<Content>Great Value We stayed here one night on our way home from gc. Very clean room, plenty of space - pull out couch in separate room. The bed was very comfortable. The room had 2 flat screen tvs.Many pools to choose from - it was very hot, so we used the pool at night, it was perfect. - separate adult pool w/bar.The staff was very nice. When I called to confirm my reservation, the operator noticed that there was a special and reduced our rate to $99 - very good deal for this very comfortable room.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wannabewarminFLA
<Content>Relaxing, enjoyable and fun! We had a wonderful time. Our children are 20, 17 and 11, and we all loved it. My husband did not want to leave. We got a Presidential room upgrade on an already reasonable rate. And Breakfast at the Pointe in Tyme was also great, although some servers are better than others. The view is magnificent. We also went up to the Grand Canyon/Flagstaff area for a few days, and what a disappointment those hotels were, after Tapatio. They set the bar. Service was extraordinary. Everyone was helpful, friendly and happy. Our room was always squeaky clean as well. We hope to return some day. We also visited the Squaw Peak resort for a day, which is free to Tapatio guests, and all of us agreed that we prefer Tapatio. It is prettier and seems cooler. It is more in the mountains. Loved it! Miss it!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GEL1979
<Content>Get the Presidential Suite - and get help with luggage!       Presidential Suite!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>RedSox604
<Content>Fantastic, Relaxing weeklong visit Stayed here a week in June, for the Red Sox series in Phoenix and just a girls getaway weekend. We had a great and very relaxing stay at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs.I wasn't expecting much, after the registration clerk who checked me in very late Wednesday night was not very friendly or informative, but everything was great thereafter. It is a bit overwhelming at first, seeing the layout and many buildings that are mostly up on the hillside, but the very friendly bellman gave me a map and directions to my room, and I found it with ease.THE SUITES:-All rooms are two room suites: a living room area with wetbar, bedroom, and bathroom with a separated sink area. There was also a balcony with chairs/table to enjoy the view.-The beds were very comfortable, the regular Hilton Serenity bedding type.-The room was very clean, as were the linens and towels. The towels were also a bit more substantial that a standard hotel bath towel.-Bathrobes provided for your use during stay.-Plenty of closet space and drawers to unpack your belongings.-Fairly soundproof: I didn't hear much noise from the adjacent suites, except one evening when a child was crying fairly loud.-Drawback, is that there is no in-room safe for storing belongings.RECREATION:-7 pools total: the large Falls Water Village, which featured two pools, waterfalls, activities, etc., as well as smaller/quieter pools scattered throughout the property. The smaller pools had nice padded lounge chairs, which were a plus.-Ability to reserve a poolside cabana at the Falls Water Village. At around $50 for the day, well worth it. It was sometimes difficult to find enough shade at the regular chairs. The cabana gets you two padded lounge chairs, table and chairs, ceiling fan, mini-fridge and TV.-Poolside service at the Falls Water Village, including food and a full bar. Just raise the flag on your lounge chair and they will stop by for your order. Someone will also come by about once an hour and provide you with an ice cold towel to cool down.DINING:-Enjoyed a late lunch at the Pointe in Tyme restaurant. The service was excellent, and although we ordered only sandwiches and french fries, they were really excellent.-Had room service a couple of times: typical of hotel room service. The menu was similar to Pointe in Tyme, and the food was good, but not as great as it was at the restaurant. They were very prompt, and after waiting only 35 minutes for dinner one evening, the called to offer apologies and brought complimentary dessert (which was excellent!)-Food ordered poolside is provided by the Cascades. It was OK(since I didn't need to leave my cabana), but I've had much better. However the margaritas are excellent.-Coffee, lattes, breakfast pastries and fruit are offered all day in the gift shop. Nice to stop in for a quick latte or snack.-I didn't get an opportunity to try The Cantina: tried one evening, but despite seeing several empty tables, was informed by the hostess that it would be a 45 minute wait. OTHER:Service- The front desk staff and the concierge were not particularly friendly or helpful. The rest of the staff: waiters, bellman, bartenders, etc., were very accomodating.Location- Easy to find, about a 15 minute drive from Sky Harbor airport. Not much within walking distance given the size of the resort, so you will likely need a car to get anywhere outside the resort. There is a Starbucks within a 1/2 mile of the resort entrance, and Scottsdale is an easy drive for finding dining and shopping options.Housekeeping-They did a great job each day, and were quiet while they went about it. I slept in every morning, and wasn't awoken by the sounds of nearby rooms being cleaned.Parking-Not enough parking at the buildings up on the hills. Each building easily had 20-30 Suites, but only 6-8 parking spaces. Since everything is on hills, it can be quite a hike up to your suite if you have parked nearer the main building. View-I paid extra for an upgraded view ($5 based on availability via the hotel's website). I think in some cases, the view from a standard room's balcony would literally be of the back of another building.Business-Just a quick note, since on my last review of a Hilton I noted that their internet charges were excessive, this Hilton also charges for internet use in the room, or $0.49/minute in the business center BUT at least this Hilton lets you print boarding passes for free.Overall - my friend and I really enjoyed our stay at the Pointe Hilton. It was just right for a girls weekend away. If I visit the area again, I will certainly consider staying at this resort.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>MrsBerry
<Content>Great views of Phoenix My husband and I stayed at this Hilton 5/31-6/5/2007. The hotel is located about 20 minutes from the airport and we found it convenient to everything. Upon driving up, a very friendly bellman met us and showed us where to check in. We were given a room in the mountainside suites. The hotel property is laid out up a cliff, so very spread out. I would not agree with the person who said to park first, then check in. Unless you are in the main building, you will need to drive to your room as many are on the cliff. Our room was in building 21 on the fourth floor. It was conveniently located near the work out center and another small pool. We liked the area as it was quiet with great views of Phoenix. The suite was fine with a nice balcony. There is some deferred maintenance in the room and around the property. Nothing drastic or anything that bothered us. We are Hilton Honors Gold members and got breakfast coupons toward the buffet. The coupon covers a continental buffet of yogurt, assorted pastries  fruit. For another $4 you can add omelets, bacon, frech toast, etc. It was a great breakfast buffet! (the bacon was fabulous!!) The pools were nice with cool water and a whirlpool with warm (not hot) water. We thought both were kept at a nice temperature. The concierge recommended a fabulous Mexican restaurant nearby called Via delosSantos. We ate there 3 of our 4 nights in Phoenix. It was delicious! Try the calabacita fajitas. YUMMY!! We would recommend this nice 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>freykr
<Content>Loved this hotel a nice desert stay       Fiji Water, Iced teas, Gourmet Coffee, and Cuisinart machine in Tapatio suite  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blondeinsf
<Content>Check this place out. There were so many great things about this resort so let me just warn you about 2 things... When you check in, park first before you get your bags and find out where your room is first. Second, the room service staff are pretty indifferent - seemed like they had something better to do. Since these things aren't that big a deal - Check this place out and enjoy! Food is great, pool nice, and staff at check in are friendly.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>rosedrr
<Content>Great stay, one of the best in Phoenix       Front of the Hotel  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Okaye
<Content>Great Girls Getaway I spent a long weekend in March at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio with two former college roommates, and the hotel was perfect for us. After straightening out a mishap at check-in (we opened the door to our room to find it was already occupied), we got an even better room. The double room with the sleeper sofa worked great for us. The room seemed to have been recently redecorated and although there were a few signs of wear, everthing was fresh and clean.The grounds are pretty, with different buildings set into the cliffs across the property. We found the staff to be friendly and very accommodating. We loved that they have an adult pool, and spent time by it in the evening when we wanted to relax and talk without any screaming and splashing in the background. We would have liked to try the bar  restaurant at the top of the property, but there were special events going on there each night so we didn't have that opportunity. We would certainly stay here again if we return to the Phoenix area!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CSBSCValencia
<Content>Pretty nice, needs some work I had a small business meeting here at the end of April. I am a Hilton Honors member and was pleasantly surprised that I received and upgrade beyond belief! I had a suite on top of a hill and it was so spacious that I was flabbergasted. That is the good news...the bad news is that finding the room was more than a tad difficult. The outside lighting is poor, the streets are not really streets (more like alleys) and the room I was in (26 something) was in building number 25...go figure. The place is not ADA compliant so I had to hike up to my room hauling my wheeled luggage behind me. I called my wife and told her that I did not work out on the trreadmill that day but got a workout just hauling the bag up to the room! The cell phone did not work in the room so I ran up a small bill using the hotel phone. The food was excellent at the lunch and breakfast I had and the people were very nice. I would go here again but I would have my bag delivered.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LiGe
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Our family stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We paid additional money for a room with a view and we are glad we did. We had a balcony with a lovely view of the Phoenix mountain tops. It was very nice. The room was large and spread out. The resort itself is very nice, a lot of steep hills but the shuttle service is quick and easy to take. The waterpark is great for the kids. I would recm'd this hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OOBDC
<Content>Enjoyable Stay - Lots of potential downside I stayed at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort for three nights in mid April. My wife and I had a wonderful time, but we did stay on Hilton Honors Reward Points. I am not sure I would鈥檝e had as wonderful a time if I was paying. While physically beautiful, the property is very hilly; so if you have issues with walking and/or dealing with up/down hill grades, this property will be a challenge. Parking on the resort is tough. There are not enough spots near the various resort room buildings for all the guests鈥?cars. We did not have any issues with this except for the one night we returned to the resort late at night. We ended parking quite a ways from our room building. Smoking. The resort rooms are non smoking, but guests smoke on the decks and patios outside the rooms. There鈥檚 nothing you can do about this except complain, and nothing will happen. If you do not like cigarette smoke and you end up in a room above or next to a room where people are smoking on the decks/patios you will be upset. The lounge at the Different Point of View is all smoking. They have a decent jazz band there on Friday and Saturday nights and the view from the patios outside are very nice. But, if you do not like cigarette smoke, your visit to the lounge may not be enjoyable. We got lucky and sat in area where no one was smoking, but there were ashtrays on every table. Breakfast and brunch service in the Pointe in Tyme dining room was very slow. We were told that if we wanted something off the menu, the wait would be an hour. We opted for the satisfactory buffet. Our room was quiet, except for one instance of kids yelling in the Cabana Circle pool later at night. The resort is pretty and is well maintained. The one meal we ate in the Different Point of View Lounge was tasty (and again, we were lucky and not bothered smokers). The Different Point of View Lounge has the same menu as the Restaurant but seating is first come first served. On the Saturday night during out stay, there was a high school prom on the property. We not impacted by this event, but my wife overheard a property staffer tell two prom goers (presumably the two in charge of the event), that if there were any problems, the whole thing would be shut down. We enjoyed ourselves but there are numerous chances for a stay here to turn bad, in my opinion.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>h24
<Content>Wonderful Mini-Honeymoon My husband and I were married on March 10 in Tempe (at his mother's house) and were going to stay that night at the Pointe South Mountain but the day before he discovered he could have another day off from work and when I called the PSM to add another night they told me the rate would be double for the second night because of higher occupancy. I only had dial up at my future mother in law's house so it was hard for me to do any sort of detailed search for a hotel. I stumbled upon some details about Tapatio Cliffs and called their reservation line to put us down for two nights. I called PSM to cancel and the rep tried to tell me if I called on March 10th I might be able to add the second night at a lower rate if they had an opening (what part of it is our wedding weekend didn't they understand?). I mention all of this because I was worried at this point that my experience with PSM did not bode well for our alternate arrangements. How wrong I was!Staying at the Tapatio Cliffs was wonderful! When we arrived to check in we let the person at the desk know we'd just gotten married (I think the fact that I still had my hair up helped) and he said he would upgrade us from a basic room to an executive one. He also had chocolate covered strawberries and champagne sent up that night with handwritten note of congratulations.The room was lovely, it overlooked one of the many pool areas and it had a bedroom separate from the living room. A tv was in both rooms. The bed was extra comfy and we were at the end of a hall so it was very quiet. Room service was fairly priced and the food was wonderful. While we were there we had cheese pizza, veggie burgers with fries, creme brulee, and as many pitchers of ice water as we wanted. The next morning we ate a breakfast buffet (I had opted for rooms that included some romance package deals like breakfast buffets for two and a buy one get one free entree coupon -- really worth it). The fruit was fresh and the service was wonderful.Later that day we sat by the pool and ordered drinks -- they have flags on the chairs so you can put them up to let staff know you'd like to order something. I'd never done anything like this before so it felt very decadent. The pools were great, we even tried out the water slide. The music selection playing by the pool was good too, a fair mix of old and new top-40 songs. We ate at the Mexican restaurant they have on site and again, the service and food were excellent. I know I read gushing reviews and think things couldn't have possibly been that great but they really were. Well, here are a few critical comments. It was weird was how far away the ice machine was on our floor but we just ordered pitchers of ice water instead. I will also add that you might want to map the location of the hotel because we were happy to be away from it all so I don't know about how close off-site dining or activities are.We did have an experience that could be viewed as negative as on our first night there we had a knock on the door and a plumber said he needed to check the bathtub because he thought it was leaking downstairs. We were kind of annoyed to be intruded upon especially when the gentleman checked the tub and said he'd come back tomorrow morning. My husband asked if we could call and let the front desk know when we were up and about and they could come then and the plumber agreed. The next day we called to let them know we were heading to the pool and when we came back there was a note saying everything was okay. The man was professional and we both felt that it did not ruin our experience at the hotel. There was a moment of panic, however, when we asked if we'd have to move rooms and were told the hotel was entirely booked. Luckily we were able to stay and had a great weekend.We actually live in Las Vegas so we're used to seeing fancy resort hotels but I loved the atmosphere of Tapatio Cliffs. And to be away from the smoke, gambling, and crowds was great too. The service was great and the food everywhere on site was top notch. They really seemed to care about our experience and wanted to help us make it a special weekend.Totally worth it!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JLC&N
<Content>Really nice stay this time I've stayed here before and had a less pleasurable experience due to the noise of the main building. The hotel is divided up into separate areas of buildings, each with it's own little pool and amenities.This time, I requested a quiet room and was accommodated. We were put in the Canyon View suites which are located well above the main hotel. This area has it's own pool, jacuzzi, pizza deli and the gym. We were against the rock mountain and on the top floor, which made it a quiet, enjoyable experience. We watched the sunset over the desert from our balcony. We did venture down to the main pool and water slide so my son could play, however, even he preferred the restful solitude of the pool in our area. The little pizza deli is right off the pool and has drinks, pizza, ice cream and sandwiches. It stays open pretty late too.The on-site restaurants seem nice but expensive. We drove down the hill (North) on 7th and dined at other restaurants in the area. There is a Starbucks just a half a mile North of the hotel, down the hill, on the West side of 7th, for coffee junkies like me. Lots of fast food on N. 7th as well as a few little cafes and chain restaurants. If you go South on 7th the neighborhood is a little rough.If you have any difficulties walking, the hillside suites are not the place for you. Rooms are literally in the side of a mountain and while there is a shuttle, it's still a walk to wherever you want to go.Our room was well appointed, the beds were comfortable and the linens and toiletries very nice. Resort gounds are very pretty and staff is friendly and accommodating. I had a government rate which was very good. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jstjumpin
<Content>Hilton misses the mark I have to say that Hilton missed the mark again. I was actually excited to come to this resort after reading the reviews here because I really don't have any confidence in the Hilton brand. I believe they are masters at puffing the goods. It seems that many of the Hilton properties are touted as being the best and when you arrive, you are always short changed. This property didn't differ.I came to this property for a business function. Prior to arrival, I was concerned that I receive a quality room due to the many comments about the rooms being dated. I was assured I would receive a great room and upon arrival, I recieved a room with a view of the adjacent highway. HINT: When a customer takes the time to call prior to arrival, you have a small idea they might be a tad bit high maintenance. A note in the file and a proper room assignment might have been a good idea on their part, but this is absolutely typical of the Hilton brand. Of course I requested a move and only when pushed did the staff offer me a pool view for an upcharge of $50. The staff assumed that because there was an upcharge, I wouldn't pay it. How ridiculous! I accepted the upcharge and was happy to have a better view. The room was spacious and fairly well appointed. I would agree it was dated, but according to the staff it IS remodeled. They did a remodel about 4 years ago on the entire property, so what you see is what you get.During my stay, we ran out of toilet paper. We had to request this from the staff FOUR times. This was ridiculous given that we had put the empty roll out for the housekeeping staff to see. There were other occasions where I needed to call the front desk (usually to request toilet paper) and found they did not answer the phone. I needed to know what time my event started and was quoted a wrong time which caused me to arrive late. I needed to know what time check out was an had to call three times before someone answered. The pool was lovely, the staff were friendly and helpful and provided great service. The property is full of hills (it sits on the side of a cliff) but I didn't mind that. I found a very private pool w/ hot tub called the Hidden Valley pool that was very enjoyable and I never saw another soul there.The property needs maintenance and again I feel they missed the mark in using red, green, yellow and blue lighting all over the property which gives you a sense you might have been transported to the Circus. The Cabannas are a joke - don't waste your time or money. There are small touches everywhere that reflect Hilton's lack of attention to detail which will cause this this frequent traveler to continue to AVOID the Hilton Brand.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>cre8verunner
<Content>Ray of fun The Tapatio is in a nice location a ways from the Interstate, but still close to many things. There are plenty of well kept, modern strip malls in the area to offer a variety of options to those not desiring hotel food. The staff of Tapatio are more than kind and helpful. There was no mention of my priceline rate, other than I wouldn't be able to extend a night. Later I found I could if I desired to pay full price. The bell desk was more than useful with local information.The room was very clean, but could use a facelift with new carpet and paint. Nice balcony area, some overlooking the pool/hot tub area in the courtyard. The Falls is nice and relaxing with several choices of where to lounge based on one's desire to be quiet or active. The workout facility had good quality cardio and treadmill machines and enough weights to have a well rounded workout. There were two flat screen TVs and plenty of windows as well. Appreciated the nice touches of Crabtree  Evelyn bath products; USA Today at one's door; bathrobes and preprogrammed clock radios. It all in the details. Downfalls, think it is ridiculous that they don't have wireless in the rooms and one has to pay 12.00 for 24 of Internet.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>GinnyThePainter
<Content>A Peaceful Stay Received this hotel from Priceline when I bid $75 on resort in Phoenix North. It was a Sunday night, and the resort did not feel crowded to me. I was traveling with my 74 year old mother and requested a handicapped suite with two queens. We were on the top floor of the main building. The unit was massive - a large bedroom and a huge sitting area. Mom loved the handicapped shower. We enjoyed having two TVs. There were two robes for our use. We also liked the little extras - like cotton balls  q-tips in the bathroom. Broadband is wired in the rooms, and costs $11.95/24hours, but I got lucky in that the last occupant had apparently bought internet late the previous night, and I had free broadband all evening. Staff was efficient, Marion the concierge was helpful, bell desk was very friendly, and the workout room was very nice, with lots of top-notch Precor equipment. The hotel could use some updating, but otherwise it was great.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>gobluegirl
<Content>Lovely Resort My sister and I took a girls vacation and we both loved the hotel. It had everything we both wanted. She wanted more of relaxation and I wanted golfing and hiking. We got to do a little of both, the golf course was fantastic and our guide on our hike was full of all kinds of information. I didn't visit the spa, but my sister gave it rave reviews. It had a small, but adequate gym, I got to get some cardio in each day. The set up of the suites and rooms was very cute, it reminded me of a little village. The room itself was really nice, there was a seperate sitting area/tv area that was nice with two queen comfy beds in another room. The pools were abundant, they included everything from quiet/adult to busy/kid friendly. Lastly, the Point of View resturant is well worth the money, the view was beautiful and the meal was very tasty! I wish I could go back right now!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LeaHJ
<Content>Great Hotel and Service       View of the Entrance  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tboyerpa
<Content>Very Good Value for Families Hilton Tapatio is a very good property for families looking for a fun vacation in the sun. We (my wife, myself and two daughters 5  9) just returned from a four day stay 4/10 - 4/13 and had an excellent experience.This resort is a solid 3 - 3 1/2 stars and a good overall value but do not book expecting a 4 or 5 star property. For the $150/night we paid, I was very happy.All rooms are two room suites with a good layout, comfortable beds and furnishings. The furnishings and room were that of a quality 3 - 3 1/2 star hotel. Very nice and functional, not the bells, whistles and special touches of a 4 or 5 star resort.The Falls Water Village has 2 large pools, waterslide, 2 hot tubs, bathrooms and pool side service. While the pool area did get crowded, we were always able to find 4 lounge chairs together and the crowds didn't bother us. Basically families with younger children splashing and laughing in the water. The resort has a total of 8 pools (some very small) and the pools outside of the Falls Water Village seemed more quiet, sedate and an adult setting. They do have some pools reserved for Adults Only.The pool towels were a bit thin, but we got two a piece and that worked just fine. We found the pool area well maintained and the pool bathrooms some of the cleanest I have ever found. The pool side service was very good and responsive. Just raise the flag on your chair and they were by to assist within a minute or two.Overall, Hilton Tapatio is a very nice property for a reasonable price. If you want 4-5 stars, luxury at every turn and a quite pool area, this is not the property for you.If you are looking for a quality spot with very good pool offerings and a reasonable price (vs. $250 + for a higher rated hotel), then you can't go wrong at Tapatio Cliffs.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SG2007
<Content>crowded! Stayed here for one night. There was some kind of convention going on, cars and people everywhere. There was no place to park, cars wereillegally parked everywhere. Tried to eat at the hotel, but due to high volume they had a reduced menu with no vegetarian option.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>fastrunningmom
<Content>Fine but not worth a special trip We flew into Phoenix to go to Sedona and the Grand Canyon. We weren't sure where to stay in Phoenix, so looked on Tripadvisor for help. I wanted a great pool for my two kids, and decided to split our time in Phoenix between Tapatio Cliffs and the Pointe South Mountain Resort.Tapatio Cliffs is an attractive hotel built on a cliff. There are many pools, the most popular for kids being the Falls complex, with one good water slide, an irregular shaped pool with plenty of play space and a jacuzzi. It was nice, but not spectacular. The rooms were clean and well decorated. I don't like though, having the toilet and tub in a separate area from the sink. It seems crazy to have a hall between them, but oh well. The suite also has a sitting area with a TV, then you pass through the hall with the bathroom facilities into a bedroom, nicely furnished. There is a small fridge in the suite with freezer, and two TV's - one in the sitiing area and one in the bedroom. This was nice for me as I could put the kids to sleep and still read or watch TV in the sitting room.The onsite restaurants were good, but pricey.To be honest, if I returned to Phoenix I would stay at the Pointe South Mountain resort instead, as their pool complex is much much bigger, better and more fun. The Falls pool complex at Tapatio Cliffs is OK, but might bore kids after a day or two.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>gpizzy
<Content>Drenched in Sun and Beauty Congratutlations to Hilton !!! This resort is another example of why I can count on the Hilton Brand. This resort is a high end four star resort. The staff is always trying to help you, and that is hard to do, when almost everything we needed was automatically provided. After an arrival with a bump or two we were assigned a great suite. our stay was in mid-March with abundant sunshine and record temperatures for March. We were there to relax and enjoy the Valley of The Sun... Enjoy we did with a Capital E Say hello to Shawn at the fornt office. He is the best example of refined hospitality we have encountered in recent years. Get his recommendations for restaraunts in the area that are super. Try the adult pool just off the lobby and enjoy poolside dining from the Mexican Restaraunt serving the pool. The view resembles Tuscany in Italy with resort buildings climbing the mountainside drenched with sun and shaded by Palm Trees. We extended our stay two additional days before trecking off to Sedona. Tip: Make sure to always check the temps and weather in Sedona before leaving Phoenix. Climbing up to 4,400 feet can provide a few surprises. We experienced cold and wet weather after having just leaving Phoenix and a two hour drive. This resort is loaded with pools and fun things to do. Take the mountain hike for great views of the region. Have fun and enjoy ! We did and will return soon.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lisatsobo
<Content>Great Stay at TApatio cliffs We had a great stay at the tapatio cliffs resort. We have 2 boys ages 5 and 7 and they loved the falls pool area. They also had kids activites going on for spring break. The rooms were nice with a pull out sofa bed in the living area(not all rooms have this). We got a great deal on priceline for this resort. You can normally have access to the Squaw resort but we were unable to due to crowds at that resort. It didn't really matter as our kids were very occupied at the Tapatio. You can hike and mountain bike right from the hotel.We did not eat at the resort. There is pretty good cheap mexican food at Carolina's, not too far from the resort.The only con was on the night we arrived there was some convention going on and finding a parking spot took a bit of time. We did not have any problems after that. You can not always get a spot near your room and may have to walk a little. I didn't mind since the resort is so beautiful and I enjoyed the exercise.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>OHCincinnati
<Content>Great for families visiting Phoenix Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. This was a great hotel for families visiting the Phoenix area. The hotel has several pools and the one large pool area is great for kids of all ages. The rooms are clean and comfortable and are true suites, net great if you have small kids. We ate at both the more causal restaurants, both were good. As other reviews have stated, other places to eat are within short driving distance. Part of the charm of the hotel is the being built up the cliff. But, it is a strenuous walk from the lobby area to the rooms up the hill. Other helpful info:Grand Canyon: It鈥檚 3 hours 10 mins driving time to the main gate. We drove up early, stayed the day and drove back. Was a long day, but doable. What an amazing experience!Horse Riding: Spur Cross Stables is 35 mins from the hotel, near Cave Creek. They were great with both our kids and would highly recommend them. Hiking Trails: There is a tunnel that connects the hotel to the mountain preserve across the street. The tunnel is entrance is near the tennis courts. The view of Phoenix is worth the hike up.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>thehoses
<Content>crowded and dated! On a positive note, the beds were very comfortable and the staff was very friendly. However, the resort itself was dated, tired, crowded and overrun. The pools were TOTALLY OVERCROWDED with people. I felt as if i were at a public pool. The pool areas were dirty. There were local townspeople daytrippers at the pools with their children, bringing in their own food, yellling at their kids and leaving their garbage everywhere. The towels at the pool were threadbare and the size of a handtowel. Dirty wet pool towels were just strewn everywhere around the pools. The resort was way too spread out, and we had to drive to pool and anywhere else on the resort. Not relaxing at all!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Nice for a convention               More photos  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Juno1
<Content>Awesome! We only stayed at this property for one night, but we wish it was for more!We arrived and hour early and had no problems checking in. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable.The property itself is huge. There are several pools and a couple of tennis courts. The property backs onto the desert, which has a trail through it that you can access from the resort for a hike, run, etc. Very beautiful!The only caveat I would give is that if you have trouble walking up and down steep inclines and declines, you may have problems getting around the resort. It is very hilly because it is built into the side of a mountain.Loved it!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wynsnob
<Content>Not all rooms are up to par I am a regular guest at Hilton-family properties, and although there were some nice aspects of my Mar 27th stay, it was hardly worth the price paid. Good points: very friendly staff, and terrific restaurantBad points: the room was dated - old rundown furniture, warped bathtub, stained bedding. I was only offered a double-queen suite in the main building, which seems to be the issue - apparently there are much better rooms available - so be careful when making arrangements.Overall, I've had much better accomodations at Embassy Suites and Doubletrees in the hilton family. Next time, I would stay elsewhere in the area, and just drive over to dine at the Different Pointe of View restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MyTravelLog
<Content>Great Place to Stay I stayed at Tapatio Cliffs while attending a conference at the resort earlier this month. The front desk staff was courteous and check-in was a breeze. I was actually able to check-in earlier than the normal time. Although the grounds are immaculate, they can be difficult to navigate; however, the hotel does offer shuttle service to get around the complex. The hotel isn't situated close to anything so I would highly recommend renting a car during your stay. Although not widely advertised, the hotel does shuttle guests to the mall (the shuttle leaves at 11:30am and returns around 3:30pm). I dined at the Different Pointe of View restaurant which was fabulous with a view to die for. Reservations are recommended especially if dining around sunset. Keep in mind that this restaurant isn't for the budget minded diner. There is also a lounge on the first level with live entertainment. I also ate at the Pointe in Tyme restaurant which had great food at a reasonable price. All in all I truly enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>whosyer12
<Content>Exceptional! Took a Spring Training break from March 11-14, 2007 and was lucky enough to draw this resort on a very reasonable Priceline bid. It is a beautiful place and the grounds and all common areas are meticulously maintained. The two room suite was very nice and comfortable and clean. We were in the Mountainside area and our balcony overlooked a beautiful, lightly used pool and whirlpool. We had an early flight in and arrived at the hotel at 9:30AM. To my amazement we were allowed to check in immediately!. We had a late flight out on departure day so the day before I called the front desk and asked for a two hour late check out. They advised that they were at capacity and politely declined. Later that evening I went to the lobby to print our boarding passes (free, in the business center) and stopped by the front desk and made my late check-out request again. They immediately and graciously granted a 2:00PM checkout. I guess the point here would be: if you have a reasonable request that is declined--ask again on a different shift OR make your request in person. We didn't dine at the hotel other than a decent, reasonably (comparatively speaking, given the surroundings) priced room service breakfast. There are several very casual decent dining choices at the intersection about two minutes north of the hotel.Only a couple slight negatives:--In our building noise was a slight factor. We didn't hear other voices, but could hear doors slamming, etc, and the plumbing was moderately noisy.-- As others have pointed out, the entire property is quite hilly which makes the atmosphere of the place. I really can't see, however, how only but the most fit of older seniors could consider staying here.We loved this place. Would even consider paying other than a Priceline rate (gasp!) to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IndianaJackie
<Content>Great place to stay. We just returned from a stay at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort. March 2 thru March 7, 2007. We thought it was a great place to stay. When we checked in, our room wasn't ready so they upgraded us to a suite that was ready to go. The suite they gave us overlooked the Falls Pool Village. The suite looked like it had recently been renovated. The wallpaper, tile and counter tops all looked new. The bed was comfortable and the bedding was deluxe. The view we had from our room was beautiful. We had no trouble with parking. We parked right outside our room every night. The food was excellent, but maybe a little over-priced. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We didn't get a chance to play golf, but the course looked beautiful. There were pools everywhere you looked. They were all well maintained. The grounds were beautiful. We had a great time and would recommend this resort. We would like to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripmomSanDiego
<Content>Definitely recommend After a long drive, we arrived at the hotel about 11 pm and were quickly checked in by the staff. Some reviews stated that parking was a problem. We never found that to be the case during our 2 night stay. Parking fills up in the parallel spots right in front of the rooms, but large parking lots are on the other side of the rooms. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite w/balcony. We found it large and nicely decorated. We found the seperate living room and bathroom areas a nice touch especially since our child gets up at the crack of dawn. One parent could get up and play with him in the other room with the door closed and let the other parent get more sleep. The room was very clean except the floors. I think they could have vaccumed and swept better. I found the plumbing in the room above us to be very loud in the early morning. We did not need an alarm clock because every time someone went the bathroom upstairs it jarred us awake at 6am. The noise shut off after 30 seconds or so but by then my child was already awake for the day. This was my only major complaint about the hotel. Other than that everything else was better that I had expected. The view from our room balcony was very nice and we overlooked the waterfall which sounded nice as well.We spent sometime at a few of the pool areas and were thrilled at how much thought had gone into the design. There are many water features such as water fountains and waterfalls. The pool closes at 7pm. We thought that was early compared to other hotels we have been to in the past.We had a late breakfast at the Point in Thyme restaurant on the grounds. We found it to have a nice atmosphere. A buffet is offered or you can order from a menu. I was not expecting much based off of previous reviews so I was pleasantly surprised at the taste and quality of the food we ordered. The staff seemed to go out of their way to make my child happy without any requests from us. He ordered the Mickey Mouse pancake breakfast. The meal came out with the pancakes decorated with fresh fruit. The costs of the meal was only a few dollars more than we would have paid at a breakfast chain restaurant.We came back from a day at the Peoria Sports Complex and did not want to search for a restaurant off the premises. We ate at the Cantina which served Mexican food. The restaurant is pretty small and sits on a level above the bar area. The staff and the food were great. We hardly ordered before the food came out. We enjoyed the fried ice cream with strawberries for dessert.In the end, we would not hestitate to stay here again. We have already told several people about it. We got a great rate through Hilton's website at $178/night.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>historyteacher
<Content>Not Up To Hilton Standards Last year in Feb., we stayed at the Hilton in Cabo San Lucas and I must admit, when we arrived at the Tapatio, we were extremely disappointed. For the same price per night, you cannot even compare the hotels. First, we arrived early on a Thursday and were informed that our room would not be ready until 4 pm. We basically wasted the first day of our trip (and the best weather day) waiting in the lobby for our room to be ready, even though we were told it would be ready by noon. The front desk staff was rude and sarcastic, which made matters worse. I have never had that problem at a Hilton. While we were waiting, we ate at the outdoor cafe, Cascades, and the food was horrible--stay away from the fish tacos which were merely fried pieces of crunchy batter. The rooms need to be updated and they were pretty drab--old couches and furniture--nothing fancy. The bed, however, was comfortable. The housecleaning servce leaves a lot to be desired. Finally, there is nothing to do at the hotel and they are pretty stingy with any kind of shuttle service. We rented a car for the day just to get off the grounds. On the plus side, there are pools and spas all over which are nice, although most of the lounge chairs are uncomfortable and do not have cushions. They also pass out regular, scratchy, non absorbent towels and not plush beach towels at the pool. There is an exercise room which is average-a few machines. The Point In Thyme restaurant was nice and room service was good. We did not eat at the Mexican restaurant. The Spa was nice and the body wrap was a nice experience but the Spa was definitely average and the place and the rooms were small. The view from our room was really pretty, we stayed in building 8 on the second floor and we overlooked the Falls village. We actually did not mind the walk around the resort but a resort shuttle is available. I am not a spoiled princess by any means but for the price we payed, 279.00/night, I definitely expected more luxury. I stayed at a Hilton in New Orleans, post Katrina, for 99$ a night and had more comfort. We also recently stayed at a Hilton in San Francisco for $119 a night and had a lot more luxury and comfort. The reviews on this hotel are mixed and I can see why and I am generally easy to please. I would not stay at this Hilton again, I also have a friend that stayed and felt the same way. Good Luck!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>GreybeardCanuck
<Content>Excellent Experience! We just returned from a five-day stay at Tapatio Cliffs. We booked the hotel largely on the basis of positive Trip Advisor reviews, and were not disappointed.The resort is set out, as noted in other reviews, over 65 acres and is a series of two to four story buildings. All of the rooms are suites (I believe) and have spacious balconies. The suite we had featured a large living room with full-sized couch, TV, mini-bar, arm chair and desk. There were double doors that lead to a divided bathroom, then a sliding door through to the bedroom. This worked very well in terms of providing an environment in which I could work and my wife could sleep undisturbed. The room was clean and well appointed, and featured a comfortable king-size bed and a second TV. The resort also has a large water park with several pools spread over the property.We booked the romance package for $219 a night - this included a full breakfast for each of us (valued up to $44 combined), bottle of champagne, a two for one coupon for dinner and free use of the workout room (normally $10). A very good value compared to other prices we noted for similar hotels.The resort is in the northern part of Phoenix (25 min. drive to airport) and is built on a rocky bluff, so some of the rooms are a bit of a hike, although staff will pick you up and shuttle you anywhere you wish to go in the resort.If you want to be close to the Scottsdale shops and restaurants this is probably not the best choice for you. We drove to old town Scottsdale in about 25-30 minutes using the city streets rather than freeways. We preferred the rather secluded atmosphere of the resort but this may not work for everyone.There are three main restaurants on site plus a cafe by the main pool- we ate several time at Pointe in Thyme (main restaurant) and the breakfast were fine; average I suppose. We read good reviews of the mexican restaurant (nice balcony to sit on) but did not dine there. The upscale restaurant Different Pointe of View has an unbelievable view over Phoenix - even if you don't eat there go up before sunset and see the view. Our meal was excellent but not cheap- lobster with scallops ($42) was very nice and the lobster bisque was as good as I have had. Note: there is also an outside deck one level lower for the lounge, so if you don't want to spring for dinner, this is a good second choice.The staff were very helpful at the front desk and concierge desk. We would definitely stay here again when we return to Phoenix.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>iloveolives
<Content>Highly recommended We happended to be there for New Year's and there was a lot of bustle and excitement with the Festiva Bowl game - staff handled it really well. We had booked at the Pointe in Thyme and didn't realise what a big deal the NY's eve dinner was ( or the price) but it was worth it. The views were sensational as was the 5 course dinner and service. The resort is set into a cliff side so the rooms are in rows dotted along the windy little roads which made it very interesting. The room was excellent, with a separate sitting area with a bathroom between it and the bedroom with 2 doors, so you could easily stay up late to watch TV without disturbing anyone sleeping. The beds were v. comfortable with lots of pillows to make reading in bed comfortable. As we were there on NY's eve and the night of the Bowl with dozens of Boise and O S supporters running around it was a real testament to the soundproofing - there was no noise at all! The bathroom was a bit tiny but had a huge separate basin, dressing table area. The Crabtree and Eveylyn bath products were a nice touch. Room service was excellent ( and fast). Guest laundry was just around the corner. The pool we used was clean and well set out.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelfille
<Content>Loved it! For me, this hotel was wonderful. I don't know if its because I was forced to check out of another hotel due to lack of cleanliness and lack of service. However, this hotel was a welcome relief. The suites were just spacious enough (I had a basic, guest suite). I enjoyed the marble touches, fantastic view, great workout center, and comfortable beds. It was also very clean. The towels were also fairly nice- they still seemed relatively soft despite the fact that I'm sure they've been washed a million times. The grounds were also quite nice and allowed for leisurely walks up and down the hills. My only complaints are that the internet seemed to go in and out (and after paying $11.95, it really should be more stable) and the entrance to my room was around the back of the building. It was lovely being up against the cliffs, however, since it wasn't well- lighted, it felt a bit dangerous coming back to my room alone at night. All in all though, I think its a great property.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>TravelEscape
<Content>Tapatio Cliffs Wonderful! Everyone of the staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly. Easy check in and check out. I was looking for a true suite, not just a room divided by a half wall, which gives no privacy. This Hilton knew how to do it right. There were 3 rooms, divided by doors for privacy, which is great when traveling with children or snorers (we had both). We entered the living room, which had a couch bed. The next room had a vanity on one side and behind closed doors on the other side were the toilet and bathtub. We continued on to a large bedroom with a balcony. The beds were super comfortable. We asked Room Service for additional towels, lotions, etc., and it was no problem at all.The casual Mexican Restaurant on property was very good and the cheaper of the more upscale restaurants (I forget the name) had a beautiful fireplace and a good meal. The drinks, however, were not the best, on the night we went.The only downside to staying at the Tapatio Cliffs is that it is all by itself. Not close to shopping, museums, etc. So it is perfect for a quiet getaway but if you want to do more, it's best to rent a car. We used their towncar service one night (rates slightly higher than a cab) and although it was cozy -- Super expensive. The hotel does provide a shuttle for $9.00 to the closest (upscale) mall but it is on a schedule i.e.; leave hotel at 11:30 a.m., return at 3:15 p.m. They also provide shuttle service onsite to your rooms and their restaurants (which came in handy in 30 degree temperatures at night). Just be prepared to tip.All in all, it lived up to the Hilton name. We were extremely happy with our room. It was my first time in Phoenix in the winter and even though outside it was freezing, the central heat worked great and we were not cold inside.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>BenVernon
<Content>Average Tapatio We have just returned from a week at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs. Overall it was average, the suite had a fantastic view, but we had to put up with two nights of dogs barking in the next suite and the toilet didn't work. The staff was super, and couldn't do enough for us. The Pointe in Thyme restaurant was terrible, service was okay, overpriced and the food was not great. The little Mexican restaurant was fantastic. The great part about the hotel was that there was always a pool/hot tub within one block of every suite. The workout center was fantastic with the pool outside. Overal I would say the 3.5 stars suited the accommodation.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>dramagrl77
<Content>affordable luxury at Tapatio Cliffs               
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Business_Traveller10
<Content>Not for T-Mobile Customers Its a nice hotel with nice ambience to it.. The suites are nice and spacious. But I can assure you that if you are T-Mobile cell customer and like to be connected to the rest of the world, I would say look somewhere else.I stepped into my room and found no connection. I had to step out of the room to recieve and make calls. On enquiries at the Front Desk, I was told that is a problem will most of the rooms, even they don't recieve connections. I was told that it is because of the mountains!!! So no point changing rooms..Well fine. I switched hotels instead. I would suggest to keep that in mind before booking your stay here.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	1	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Terriv
<Content>Standard Hotel Third time staying at the property. Stayed in Mountainside suites, pretty much the same layout as the other rooms, neutral decor. Suite layout much like the Embassy Suites minus the wet bar. Lots of space if you are spending time in the room.Parking and driving around the property is hectic with the steep inclines and limited spaces.Daily charge for Internet connection in the room and charge by the minute for access in the business center. Point in Thyme Restaurant is beautiful, as is the lounge, but quite overpriced. Typical hotel fare and costs: Continental breakfast was about $12, draft beer $6.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>ypsilan
<Content>Great customer service Pro's: 1) Noteworthy customer service Every staff member that we encountered was friendly and efficient. They must have tons of employees all over the property because even though the property is spread out, they always addressed my concerns very promptly. After expressing some concerns about the food to our waiter at the Different Pointe of View restaurant, the manager came to talk to us about it and gave us a discount off the bill.  2) Good rooms for the price ($159/night) My suite was roomy and I really appreciated the separate living room area. The rooms are not ultra-posh but definitely nice enough and impeccably clean. It met my standards and was appropriate for the price point, if not better than most.  3) Comfy bed!Con's: 1) The exterior is a little dated and worn. Not enough to bother me.  2) The setting didn't appeal to me. It was just set in some brown dirt hills. I thought the cliffs would be more majestic. Maybe I don't appreciate the desert much, but it just looked like the hotel was put in one of the less-nice areas of where I come from (southern CA). 3) Food is not great. Some room service dishes were decent, others were not much better than the Olive Garden. Also ate at Different Pointe of View. I could not understand how my vegetarian dish could be worth $26. Tiny nouveau portions and bland, bland, bland. As mentioned above, the manager did address our concerns. The view and the restaurant and lounge itself were nice, though.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay here again for about the same price. I was very comfortable here for 4 nights. I will recommend it to my friends. I didn't try out the pools, spa or exercise area. Although it was fine for me, I can see where parking might be a problem.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Paris0618
<Content>Wonderful weekend at Pointe Hilton The Pointe Hilton was a great place for a girls weekend getaway! We arrived at night, and in the morning we walked the property to get our bearings. The resort is gorgeous! Our suite was on the 'mountainside' area, very quiet and up on the hill. We walked down the hill, found the pools, workout area, and restaurants. Our suite was very nice, well decorated and very clean. The staff at this resort couldn't have been more pleasant, from check in to room service to the concierge. We did use the free shuttle service to get around the resort a few times, and this was easy and quick.We dined at Pointe in Thyme upon our arrival, for a late snack and drinks, and I would recommend it (except for the occasional smoker!). For breakfast, we had bagels and cappucino from the lobby store, and brought these out on the patio overlooking the adult pool. And our last night, we dined at Different Pointe of View at the top of the cliffs. We had early reservations, 5:45, so that we could see the sunset, and watch the city of Phoenix change colors. The restaruant is a bit pricey, but the food and service were excellent, and the view.... perfect!We enjoyed the pools, and went to the Falls pool (a little noisy) and the lower pool (very quiet). We recommend the strawberry margaritas while lounging by the water here.Other recommendations while in Phoenix: hike Camelback mountain early in the morning, visit the Phoenix Museum of History in Heritage Square and have lunch in the Arizona Center close by, visit Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin West, and if you're a pizza lover as we are, definitely go to Pizza Bianco, also in Heritage Square! It was wonderful and worth the 1 hour wait!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BerthasDad
<Content>Wonderful, Peaceful, Pleasant! Wonderful place. Great, quiet rooms--huge suite, well decorated. Of particular note is the separate living area, great for insomniacs like me, when my wife wants to sleep. In all of our travels, this hotel stands out as our #1 favorite. Perhaps the only place close is Las Brisas in Acapulco, which this place reminds me of. Of particular note is the ROOM SERVICE. The service, and especially the food, were first rate. In fact, our room service dinner was truly the best dinner we had in our entire Arizona trip. No, I'll go farther than that: this was the best dinner I have had in years. And, it was room service! Really, I have not a bad thing to say about this place. What's not to like?  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsatie
<Content>Great Resort, Mediocre Food The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs offers fantastic suites, pools and golf, but the restaurants fall very short in terms of food preparation. The suites at PHTC are roomy, clean, quiet and offer great views. We stayed 3 days at this resort and would definitely stay again, but would avoid the restaurants.The staff at the Resort are super helpful (and this includes the restaurant staff), but the 3 different resataurants we ate at (on property) were mediocre at best. Food was tasteless and very ordinary.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snowdog
<Content>Good family get away Nice suite for family. Good location for hiking mt. bikes. Pools look nice but are shallow tough for swimming.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>cuzzin
<Content>"Love The Hilton" Arrived after hiking the Grand canyon for spa treatment. Absolutely fabulous!The room was a king suite, which most are suites, and was right in the middle of the action, by the falls pools. Clean grounds, clear pools, housekeeping done well. Didn't get a chance to eat in any of the restaurants, just snacked at poolside caf茅...pretty good, and fairly priced. Plenty of ground to cover at this property so ask to be close to action THE FALLS or set in a little on the cliffs, for a quieter atmosphere . There are pools everywhere,9 of them, and we tried all of them. Pretty cool. some have food, one has a kids house with staff for crafts, and games. Nice option. Price was great. just ask for specials going on. recommended for anyone. Spa was the best ever! Would I stay here again....yes.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruthbern
<Content>Good for families We just returned from a 4 night summer stay at the Pointe. At the summer rate of $99 per night this hotel is a great deal and good for families. The 2-room suites are very much in the Embassy Suites style and quality. Nothing special, but nice to have the extra space for either a family or business traveler (I wouldn't call it resort quality). We requested and got a pull out sofa in the living room for the kids. It also had a small, but nice, balcony. Perfect for watching the amazing monsoon thunderstorms. The swimming pools are great for kids. The restaurant by the pool is nothing special, but perfect for a relaxing lunch or dinner while the kids swim. They call the Falls a water park. It's really just 2 big swimming pools and one water slide. Not a water park, but still, a great place to swim for my kids that aren't around pools much and it's easy to keep an eye on them. The resort has a nice little work-out room, but unfortunately they charge an extra $10 per day to use it. The best thing about the resort is that it sits on the Phoenix desert preserve. You can hike for miles, right from the hotel, in beautiful natural desert. Yes, you can also play golf and tennis, but the desert is a real treat. The down side of this hotel is that the restaurants are very expensive. I guess that it to be expected, but if you don't want to spend the money, there many inexpensive places within a short drive (great inexpensive Mexican food just a few blocks south on 7th street).  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>spicerfamily
<Content>Great place to get over the jet lag We wanted somewhere to get over the jet lag after arriving from London and before driving up to Grand Canyon. The Hilton was perfect, rooms were spacious, several different pools to choose from and great food. Room rate was pretty good too at under 拢100 including tax.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>caligirl07
<Content>nice hotel We just returned from 4 days at the Pointe Tapatio Cliffs. It is a beautiful resort, although a bit dated. We were advised by staff members that it will recieve a face-lift next year. It is VERY hilly as mentioned by others. If your not into walking hills to get around, it may not be the best choice, although they do offer shuttle (golf cart) service from restaurants, etc. The restaurants were just average. Very helpful staff members throughout. If you enjoy hiking, there are great trails right off the resort. We went with our kids (12  14) who were bored after a couple of days. It seemed to be more familes with young children there. We did visit the sister property, Squaw Peak, again shuttle service provided. Although not as pretty, our kids had much more fun there. Older kids and much more to do around the pool area. If you're staying with children, ask for a room in The Falls or family pool area - it's much closer than the other suites. We would probably not stay here again. Not because we experienced anything bad, but because there are so many options in this area, we would want to try something else.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Finaffrey
<Content>Comfortable rooms, awful parking The Pointe Hilton is a beautiful, huge resort - practically a small city. Our room was very comfortable with great views but parking is terrible, La Cantina Restaurant is unbelievably bland and the swimming pools were very crowded. Seems like a great place for families more than couples.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>summergirl711
<Content>Great pools!! Relaxing vacation! My husband and I stayed at this resort June 3rd through the 9th. We were basically just going off the reviews from this website and had never been there before. We really enjoyed our vacation there. I love the southwest heat and love to be by the pool. This was the perfect place for that. If you are expecting the Four Seasons or the Fairmont, this is not it. This resort is nice, pretty, clean, comfortable, affordable, and above average.We had a suite that was very comfortable. The bed and pillows were incredible! We had a seperate bar and office area in the suite and a nice patio. The pools were wonderful! We mostly went to the pool next to the gym almost every day. They had a small lunch spot there that offered pizza, ice cream, snacks, and best of all, frozen magaritas! That pool was never croweded. We also tried the waterpark pool. It, of course, was a lot more crowded and lots of kids, as expected. They too, had a great lunch spot. We played golf at the course associated with the resort. Get ready for lots of bunnies roaming along the fairways and greens! We experienced a lot a nature that day. It was nice and the views were incredible! (Just tee off early because of the heat) Our only complaint was that the closest ice machine was not working for most of our stay. They had room service bring us ice which was ok. This resort is very convenient to grocery stores, Target, Walgreens, Starbucks, etc. Yes, it is a real hike to get back to your room, if you're staying up high. Overall, we would definately go back. It was perfect for us, and it didn't cost us an arm and a leg.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelfrmaz
<Content>Great Place for Families Stayed here on June 22, 2006 for one night. We had a room in the 4000 wing on the top floor. The view from the balcony was of a tent building put up in the parking lot but that was no biggy. The room is nice and large. A queen sofa sleeper in the livingroom, and we had two queens in the bedroom. The bathroom are was a good size. Toilet, tub and shower on one side of the hallway and dressing sink and mirror on the other. The shampoos and lotions were really nice also. You can close off the livingroom area from the bathroom area and then there is a pocket door that you can also close off the bedroom area from the bathroom area. So its very nice and privite for all sleepers. The water park of the resort was nice. The servers there were prompt and very nice. The towels are plentiful also. The water slide was a blast (and Im an older woman) but I had a blast with the kids on that. The pool was relaxing and fun also. Lots of room to roam around and not be crowded. The desk help was great but the bell hops werent that super. They didnt seem to want to do much for you if you werent having them park your car. Beleive me, park your own car though, there's plenty of parking. We ate at the Mexican restraraunt and had great service and it wasnt priced to high either. The other pools on the property were nice too and hardly crowded at all. We stayed here before staying at the Westin in Scottsdale for two nights and we all agreed that the HIlton was more fun for all of us. We will go back for sure.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gkuta
<Content>Great Resort       Resort Entrance  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wima
<Content>A lovely anniversary We were initially ocncerned about staying at the Pointe Hilton at Tapatio Cliffs because of some negative reviews. Every part of our weekend went perfectly, from the check-in to our suite (#6420). We had a lunch and breakfast at Pointe in Thyme, and Amber and Walt were wonderful and welcoming. Our anniversary dinner was a delicious meal at Different Pointe of View. At the concierge desk, Jerry gave us better directions than either Mapquest or Yahoo. I could go on and on listing the staff. We had excellent customer service, and we have told my brothers we all need to stay there on our next visit to see my mother.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pointe Hilton is Amazing! I just returned from a 4 day stay at the Pointe Hilton for a business trip/training. My fiancee went along to enjoy Arizona.When we arrived at the hotel, we found an amazing RESORT that is built along the cliffs; it is NOT AT ALL like a normal hotel...its even better.We booked at guest suite which was $89 with my company discount; I think its more like $125 normally.The room was REALLY REALLY NICE; two queen size beds with better linens than at my own house...the pillows are SO SOFT. Flat screen TVs; yes two of them.....one in the living area and one in the bedroom.There was a fully stocked mini-bar and snack bar in the room; prices are a bit high though.THE POOLS ARE TO DIE FOR; they are so nice! They have a total of around (I think) 7 pools; a big pool with waterfalls and a waterslide....bar, you name it.All in all this hotel is in a wonderful area of town; built on an amazing cliff and the rooms are amazing.I will totally stay here anytime for work or pleasure. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to e-mail me at kuekie83@aim.com  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jolinegk
<Content>Good place to swim First of all, the place is huge and on the side of a mountain and we didn't see very much of it. When we arrived, it took three clerks to check us in, they kept looking at the screen with worried faces. Apparently, they had overbooked the suite near the Falls (the hotel waterpark) we requested. Instead, they upgraded us to the Ambassador suite, which is right across the road from the Falls. It was a nice, spacious place and it was nice at night to see the lights flickering on the water and hear the marimba band playing at the pool.We were also very close to the family pool, which is a nice place as well.The next day we rented a cabana, which is a great idea if you have klds with fair skin. It provides shade, a fan, fridge, bowl of fruit and water bottles and much better lounge chairs. Plus the service seems to be better here. Be aware that we paid $81 for ours because it was Memorial Day weekend, so it may not be worth the price for some. I liked feeling like we had our own place instead of crowded in with all the rest.The kids loved the pools and slides. I found the water chilly, a little too flecked with leaves and the pool floor rough.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mojo11
<Content>Disappointment We were expecting a nice resort but all we really got was an overglorified hotel. We were put in a Mountainside Suite which was supposed to be one of the better rooms. There was a big bag of garbage sitting right outside our door as we tried to get in the room. As soon as we entered the room, we noticed a very musty smell and also discovered that the toilet ran. We had a view of the Sunset Pool. Beware, it's very small and there's a very limited amount of chairs around it.We tried to make the best of our vacation by walking around the resort to see if we could find some good in the place. Big bags of garbage were laying around in many of the hallways around the resort and with the heat, you can imagine the smell. First, we stopped at the Point in Thyme restaurant because we were hungry. The place was almost empty yet it took over a 1/2 hour just to get our drink order......and then another 1/2 hr to get the sandwiches we ordered. We then thought we'd check out the spa. Wow, the smell of acrylic nail chemicals hits you as soon as you walk in the door. We moved on to check out the pools in the Falls Water Village. Now granted, we were there during Memorial Day weekend so we had a feeling it would be pretty busy but what a zoo! There were so many people jammed into the pool that they were on top of each other. Even the Grotto Pool which was supposedly the Adult Pool (i.e. quieter pool) had screaming kids everywhere. Nighttime wasn't much better. Again, lots of people screaming in the pools or running down the halls late at night. We ordered room service and the food was lousy. I guess if you have kids, then you're used to a lot of noise and this would be the hotel for you since it 's geared towards them. If you're looking for a relaxing, nice resort---this isn't the place. We've stayed at very nice Hilton hotels in Mexico and Hawaii. This place was a dump compared to those places. We left after one night.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Masonpips
<Content>Obviously water issues on site.... The con's:Two separate rooms booked, two toilets overflowed/stopped up. The last day they had to turn off the water (leaving a message at 9:34 a.m. that the water would be off from 10 - 3) and there were 3 Rotor Rooter trucks on site. It ended up being ok, but I had moments of panic when we returned from the pool at 10, got the message and then took the quickest shower of our lives as we had a plane to catch that evening.The air conditioning in the room sucked. We had a west-ward facing room that caught a ton of afternoon sun but I immediately closed the heavy blinds and set the temp at 58. It ran CONTINUOUSLY while we were there but never felt really cold in the room. Our room location (2050, main building) also backed up to the staff/laundry area and we were woken up at 7:30 a.m. by the staff talking and banging as they transferred laundry/bedding to the carts)The food prices are outrageously overpriced. The pro's:The Falls water area rocked. My kids (7  8) were in heaven and it was very relaxing. The water slide was fun (we tried it too) and the water was downright chilly/refreshing. We also visited the family pool and it was nice.We booked through Hilton and got the Dining Special so we received 2 $50 vouchers for food per room (2 rooms) so we had $200 to spend on food. We thought it was $50 per stay so that helped offset the food prices and since you have to eat, it was easy to sit back at the pool and order on a tab rather than get dressed, run out for lunch, etc. You did have to use your $50 at one sitting.We ate at La Cantina for dinner (tortilla soup for 2, 1 kid's meal, fajitas for 1 and 3 margaritas + a Shirley Temple) and we paid $12 over the $50 (plus tip). We used another at the pool for 2 iced teas (free refills), 2 kid drinks, a pretzel, nachos, wings, kid chicken tenders and a beer + pina colada. Another for lunch at Point in Tyme (3 beef sandwiches, kids meals + soft drinks) and one for breakfast (not sure what they ordered that time). The food was all good (not great, but definitely edible and convenient).  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort, bad parking Stayed over Memorial Week-end. Room was fantastic, even if it wasn't what we had reserved, asked for a King Suite but got a Queen. They did offer to move us but after checking out King room we opted to stay in queen and get a later check-out. We arrived late on Saturday night and we had a REAL hard time finding parking! Pools were good, we like the smaller ones better than the more crowded bigger pools. People that worked there were fantastic, from apologizing about not having right room to helping us find places to see. We only at the resort for one breakfast which was excellent. We did rent a cabana by the Grotto pool and was glad we did, the place was packed solid and we had our own little spot that we didn't have to fight for. I'm sure it will be less crowded as summer comes along and this place was well worth the price.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort I have stayed at this resort several times over the last several years. Unfortunately this year the resort has taken a severe nose dive and I will no longer stay there or recommend it to my friends. When I go to a resort I expect a certain standard. I'm paying to be pampered and feel as if I am in a luxurious location. I had always felt that way here until this past trip in late May. The resort no longer feels that way and it simply looks very tired and well past prime. The clientele has started the change from upscale to one notch above trailer trash (at least that is what I think of couples who become intimate in the pool in front of 50 others, mothers who allow children to run loose and then scream at them across the pool at the top of their lungs...not once but constantly, and families who check in with more food items than luggage (there are no cooking facilities in the rooms either). This is just a tired, rundown property. The outside needs to be spiffed up, the furniture and carpet in the rooms looks worn and shabby, the water in the main pool did not appear clean, and the staff while friendly appeared pre-occuped. The rooms were kept clean and the food was average. The bad now outweighs the good and we are switching locations.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>operagirl1970
<Content>Great value and location We stayed here for a long weekend May 12-15 because of a great deal we got on Priceline. Not knowing what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised by the location, rooms and staff service. We were in one of the mountainside suites, which was located in a quieter area away from the main building. Even though we had a bit of a walk to the main pool area, it was right next to a very enjoyable smaller pool that was much quieter than the main pool/waterfall area if you're looking for a way to get away from the noise of kids (they were packed on Mother's Day weekend). We thoroughly enjoyed getting up in the morning and following the walking trails that connected to the resort near the tennis courts -- very convenient without having to cross busy traffic. Get up early though if you want to avoid extreme heat! The room itself was very clean with modern furnishings and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel! Having a balcony was a treat for when we came back from walking or the pool to just hang out and enjoy the mountains in the distance. While there were some spots that looked a tad dated around the resort, it was beautifully landscaped and the staff all had smiles on their faces and cheer in their voices. Because it is built into the side of a mountain, there are lots of hills and a twisting parking lot, but don't let that deter you if you don't mind the exercise.While we didn't eat at the resort, we found some GREAT restaurants within a 15 minute drive (we rented a car). Carolina's is a small short-order Mexican restaurant that is only about a 5-minute drive away on Cactus Road (go north from the resort on 7th St and turn right on Thunderbird/Cactus. I think it's at the intersection of Cactus and Cave Creek.) They had the BEST flour tortillas -- wafer thin, delicate, and huge. I can see why people drive from a distance just to take some home. It's very affordable too. My husband and I ate there on multiple occasions, and each time our bill ranged from $9-$14 for the two of us. For finer dining, we also went to a little place called Coup des Tartes on N.16th St. It's a small house converted into an elegantly romantic French restaurant. They don't have a liquor license, so you're encouraged to bring your own wine, which many people were doing. A grocery store is just north of the resort, so we were able to bring some too. The food was stellar, using the freshest ingredients. I highly recommend their signature lamb dish and the roquefort salad. Be sure to save room for dessert; you'll want their homemade tarts like the lemon tart with meringue four inches tall. Our final dinner was spent at a place called Richardson's that the concierge recommended. It's specialty is Southwest food, and while the concierge warned us that the place would look like a seedy bar when we first pulled up, the food is amazing. He was right! Both places were pricier, but the food was outstanding at both.If you get a chance, take a side trip to Scottsdale to the Frank Lloyd Wright estate for one of their nighttime tours. It was less than 30 minutes from the resort and the estate and architecture school lit up at night (plus the 2 hour tour) are well worth it. All in all, our stay at the hotel exceeded our expectations. We would definitely recommend staying there!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware--buy from Priceline and be treated like a second class citizen My husband got this room for me and my friend as an early Mother's Day gift. On at least three occasions we told them that the whole purpose of the trip was to have 5 hours of peace and quiet with no children to watch a special DVD miniseries my friend received as a gift. We asked two different front desk employees about DVD players in the room and said to both that it was not a problem if they did not have a DVD player as we would just bring our own. We even had this conversation with the very nice person who checked us in. Needless to say, at 5 pm when we tried to connect our DVD player, we found out that there was absolutely no way to connect our DVD player to use the line in on the hotel TV because of the hotel's contract with their media provider. If someone had mentioned this to us, we could have planned accordingly and brought our own TV (though this seems rediculous to have to do). The manager on duty (Dan Nichols (spelling?)) was rude to my friend and dismissive. After another call and about an hour and a half, they offered us a solution...they could bring us a DVD player that would work on their TV's, BUT--it would cost an additional $85! You have got to be kidding me? $85 to use their DVD player for 5 hours? Why even offer that? Well...what could we expect for what we were paying for the room since we got it from Priceline? Too bad so sad for us. Why sell your rooms on Priceline if you are going to snub the guests who buy them? If you don't want cheepos like us there...don't sell the rooms on discount sites. Aside from the poor customer service, the beds were comfortable and room was clean if somewhat old. Shower head was excellent---finally a shower where I could rinse my hair in less than 10 minutes! The Works restaurant and arcade was an unattended counter and circa 1983 Centepede and Ms. Pac Man game. We were glad we did not bring the kids for that. Property is very hilly which is nice for views, but terrible for parking. Very narrow one way streets require detours around the whole property to get to your room or long walks with luggage. Water falls were nice. Pools were older and not nearly as specatacular as they appeared in photos. I think the usual price for our room was about $250. It was definitely NOT worth that. If you can get a deal, don't expect customer service, and don't mind having the fact that you purchased on Priceline pointed out to you several times as if you might be contagious...then this is the place for you.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for this time of year       view from our room  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Place The good reviews from people who stayed over spring break are no joke. Nice grounds. Something like eight pools with one especially designed for kids that includes a tunnel water slide. Next to North Mountain Park with hiking. Rooms were fine but nothing special. I found ours to be a bit stuffy, even with a sliding door open. Beds comfortable. Only downside is that its a bit isolated. Getting anywhere from there, especially to eat, takes a bit of a drive.Saw post before our trip that sister resort at Squaw Peak was better for kids. Don't know about that place, but this one was just fine for kids.Not only would we return to Tapatio, but we're already planning it.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kardan127
<Content>My new home away from home in Phoenix After being disappointed by a different Hilton hotel downtown, we checked out after one day and headed north to the Hilton Pointe Tapatio Cliffs. What a treat! The place is just beautiful! Multiple choices of rooms, locations on the premise, and pools! The restaurant Differnt Pointe of View is a must, even if only for cocktails. The view of the valley in the evening against a setting sun is glorious! Make sure to rent yourself a cabana in The Falls for a day. A perfect way to enjoy a great day by the pool. My husband and I travel to Phoenix often on business. We have decided this will be the place we return to everytime. Highly recommend!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definetely not for Business Travel I made the mistake of staying here for business travel last month. I had originally intended to stay at the other Hilton Hotel, the Squaw Peak, but they were overbooked, so I stayed here because its only a few miles away.Here's the problem. You have to drive everywhere! Once you register at the front desk, you drive up to your building and look for parking. Then you drive to the restaurants (which were fair, although I didn't try the restaurant at the top which is supposedly very good), to the health center, etc. Its not that its that far to walk, but not when you're in a hurry. The room was adequate. There is nothing about this hotel that is designed for business traveler. As far as a resort, I would say this place is alright. Seems like a decent place for kids. Certainly not luxury by any measure. If you're looking for luxury, try the Four Seasons, Ritz or Phoenician.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wisconsinfamily
<Content>very nice family resort Our family of 4, kids 11 and 9 stayed at Tapatio for 8 nights. We really enjoyed our stay. Room was clean, nicely furnished-newer decor, perfectly located in main building close walking to waterpark pool (The Falls). Food at resort was pricey, but your at a resort not McDonalds. Food was very good, better than average. The Pointe of View restaurant had an amazing view and great food, very pricey but a great way to end our vacation. Staff was attentive and helpful, never had one problem or complaint. Our room was always cleaned promptly and never saw the housekeeper. I guess the previous negative reviews gave me the feeling of uncertainty when we first arrived, but like I said we had a great experience. The resort is in a great location, easy to get to main highway to go to Scottsdale and area sights. The mountain trail hike adjacent to resort was wonderful. We did hit the local grocery for snacks, fruit and bottled water. Kids eat constantly, and mine are sometimes pickey. For the price we paid for this resort I feel it was a great.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WFTravel
<Content>Very Good Family Resort This is a good family resort. I personally like the Four Seasons resorts but with kids that is not practical. This resort has enough to please everyone in the family. Golf, spa, pools and nearby horseback rides. It is clean and neat. It will not wow an experienced traveler, but it comes through for those looking for an easy family vacation. The Presidential Suite is HUGE. Bottom line, if you want a Four Seasons vacation this is not the place. If you want a solid family resort this is a good call. Please note, it is build on a mountain base. Walking to and from the room will tire you out. Do not go here if you are elderly or otherwise unfit -- the walk will really wear you out.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmmex
<Content>Nice, but not a 'resort' We stayed for one night in April 06. Got a great rate and we were pleasantly surprised with the location, the size of the room/studio and the great pool area. The cons: the a/c did not work. Not good considering our bedroom got the afternoon sun. It's very small and very 'enclosed', if you are looking for open space, this is not the place. We wish we had more time to sit by the pool and relax...considering how many kids were there, there was plenty of room for everyone. It was enjoyable, but I hesitate to call it a resort.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Water, Water Everywhere... ! ME: 33yrs old, Gay male with partner, light travel for business. My partner and I were visiting family in the Phoenix area and stayed at the Tapatio. Though our stay was only one night, we instantly felt like we were on a wonderful 10-day vacation--- it was so relaxing!The LOCATION of the hotel is awesome - North Phoenix in a hilly residential area, just a few minutes from the freeway, downtown Phx and a quick drive to shops and restaurants. Though the property is expansive, it wasn't as ominous as it appeared on the map given to us upon check-in. It is, however, quite hilly as mentioned by previous reviewers. As for our ROOM, we stayed in the Cliffside Building in room 6225 (1 King bed suite) high above the rest of the resort. Our building felt very secluded and private, built along the rugged mountainside with a great view from our private patio. It was short walk from our room to the lobby andThe Falls/Water Village (about 6-mins.). We had lots of fluffy down pillows and a down comforter that made the bed a dream to stay in (BTW, a hypo-allergenic foam pillow was inside the closet just in case we weren't fond of feathers). The room was tastefully decorated, clean and in full working order. Parking was fine, except when we came home late night and had to park up by the Differrent POV restaurant, a short but STEEP walk up/down-- I guess I really am out of shape! Though we didn't use the shuttle, there were plenty riding around the property. Probably the best part of our stay was the pool... or POOLS. There were pools everywhere! My partner and I were in the mood to be total loungers and to just relax, eat, drink and swim. After we checked in, we immediate went to The Falls/Water Village for a swim. The Water Village is made up of two big pool areas - one with a waterslide, grottos and a mini-beach (no sand, just an ascending floor) and another more shaded pool with less hustle-n-bustle - both surrounded by beautiful landscaping, private cabanas and numerous waterfalls. The Cascade pool bar/cafe had great 'foofy' tropical drinks, light food and great service. We decided to pull a Burt Lancaster and swim in each pool --- I think there were 8! The great thing about this resort is that there are plenty of pools to choose from, depending on your mood: The big, busy pools for families, hanging with friends or to people watch; separate kid-free adult pools as well as semi- private pools with jacuzzis ('our' pool was the Sunset pool just below our room). All were easy to reach and stocked with plenty of fresh towels. Unlike another reviewer, I liked the waterslide and wasn't bothered by its design--- c'mon, man... it's a perk not a required amenity. Though we didn't take advantage of it, we were told by the Cafe that we also had access to the pools at the neighboring Hilton/Squaw Peak if we wanted. Overall, our stay was awesome: Friendly, knowledgeable staff; beautifully maintained grounds; great location; excellent room; great value for the price. We will definitely stay here again on our next visit to Phoenix.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this resort! What a wonderful place to stay with children! The rooms have a perfect set-up (especially for those that still nap), the staff is extremely accomodating and timely on all requests, the food is well-priced (particularly the kids' menus - all items $5), and the family golf lesson was just wonderful! Our room was quite a ways from The Falls (main pool area, which is kids' heaven for swimming), but the shuttles were quick and it is not a long walk (very nice walk, if you like hills). The pool near our room was perfect for a quick swim or to take a hot tub. We even ordered a pizza there and ate by the pool and it was just delightful. The workout room is free, clean, nice, and also has a nice sauna. We hiked North Mountain across the street (even pushed the stroller - trail was paved), went to a Wild Animal Zoo, hiked right behind the resort, did a family golf lesson, played tennis, ping pong, had faces painted, watermelon eating contests, and enjoyed the pool! This resort caters to families of all ages and everyone was so happy there! The only not-terrific event was eating dinner at Point in Thyme. Overpriced, took too long with kids, and the food wasn't very good. Highly recommend this resort to families with children!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissGov
<Content>Heaven On A Mountain We stayed two nights at this resort and wished we could have spent an entire week. We stayed in one of the mountain suites and were not disappointed! Very luxurious and spacious. My husband and I spent early mornings drinking coffee on our spacious balcony - what wonderful views. The staff were exceptional and the shuttle service was great. It was nice having an adult pool without the noise of small kids. There were plenty of other pools for the younger crowd to enjoy. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>swirlinabc
<Content>A very pleasant stay We took our 8 and 6 year old daughters on Spring Break for this trip. There are 8 different pools. One is adults only; the others are for both kids and adults. We managed to experience all of them during the trip! My six year old wanted to try them all (except the adult pool for 16 and over).The main pool at the Falls Village was great for families with kids. Lots of poolside lounge chairs, lots of umbrellas. Nearby the water slide. The grotto pool at the Falls Village is nice, but less shade. Other than the family pool at the main building, the remaining pools are small, but suitable for a quick dip and not laps. The best thing about Falls Village is the ability of ordering food and drink by simply putting up the flag on your chair.We were originally checked into room 4052. This room faced the laundry area, making the patio worthless. Avoid the eastern side of the main building to avoid the laundry area and noisy fans. (Fortunately) the hot water was faulty in the shower, so we got moved to 6224 on the cliffside suites. The hotel was also very kind to credit us the price of our breakfast to compensate for the inconvenience. This was a much nicer room (though slightly smaller)with a gorgeous view and steps from the sunset pool. I agree with the previous poster that navigating your way through the resort is a challenge. The maps are sometimes confusing and don't necessarily take into account the hills. However, enjoying a challenge, I eventually figured out the most efficient way to get from area to area. This is not for everyone however. For those who don't like to navigate hills and a maze of paths, the resort does offer several pick up points that will send a driver with a phone call.Food was basically average at best. First morning we had breakfast at the Point in Tyme restaurant. Service was lousy, and food only so-so. The Cascades restaurant at the Falls Village was okay, and convenient to order by simply putting up your flag for service. We had breakfast buffet at La Cantina which was of lesser quality than Point in Tyme. We never tried any dinners on-site because they really aren't geared towards kids. Very surprising for a resort that has such a family draw. We did not try the Different Pointe of View at the top of the hill as this was highly priced and definitely not kid friendly.We did have breakfast twice at a local restaurant called Pinky's just down the hill from the resort on the corner of Thunderbird and 7th. This was very good and half the price of the resort. Other mornings we purchased bagels, yogurt and fruit from the Safeway next to Pinkys and at it on our patio with the great view. Paradise Valley Mall is nearby that has a wide selection of known chain restaurants, including Marie Callendars, Olive Garden, Outback Steakhouse, and Chilis. Overall food review...unless you are transportation challenged, dine outside the resort if you have kids.In summary, we had a great time at Tapatio Cliffs. Service was very nice, pools are very enjoyable. Food really could be improved, particularly if you travel with kids.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travlinstan
<Content>spring break in AZ First about me:- Normally only stay in hotels on business- Not a frequent traveler- looking for fun in the sun with my teenage daughters on this tripThe Hotel- Has a central building and several outlying 'villas' nestled into the hills- Room was nice and spacious and had the ability for privacy in the bedroom, bath/toilet, vanity/sink, and livingroom.- Hiking trails on nature preserve and interpretive center within walking distanceComments- The nicest place I have stayed regarding amenities, facilities and setting. The pools and lanscaping are fabulous! Room layout was perfect for our family situation.- For a place this large and complicated, the staff should try a little harder to explain how to use it. I mentioned this was my first visit to both the front desk and bell captain, all I was offered was directions to my room. I had to probe for the rest and wss often give conflicting info.- Loved the Falls Village pool area. It was really geared for (and primarily used by) families with kids under 12. But we were escaping the rainy CA Bay Area so this was just the ticket. On our day of checkout rented a cabana for $50 so were able to stay the entire day in comfort with food, phone, TV and pool.- Biggest complaint was noisy neighbors on last night (college boys on spring break deciding to party in the room). I complained to front desk and they said they would take care of it, but they were at it less than an hour later. - Ate at Falls Village Cafe and The Cantina. Service was good at F.V. but lousy at Cantina. Food just average at both.- Lamp in LR was broken so lamp shade hung to one side. Toilet backed up (did I mention I have two girls?) but was fixed very quickly by uniformed service man. Other minor things that I would have tried to get fixed if we stayed longer.Overall- We liked it. My girls were very impressed and my elder daughter said she'd like to come back as an adult. For me the access to pool, golf, hiking, and the room layout were just what I wanted. As with any place, some staff were more helpful, friendly, than others. This is a big place with many facilites spread out over a large area. I think they keep this place running quite well and have it properly staffed (approx. 80% occupied during our stay). For $60 more a night than staying at a Embassy Suites, I think this was well worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktom111
<Content>great resort We stayed at this resort for 3 nights. The landscaping was very beautiful. There were many pools and it was optimal to be able to choose whether to be at a noisy pool with kids running around or relax at a quiet pool with only adults. The rooms were above average and the beds were very heavenly! Our room was on the mountainside and was peaceful and quiet most of the day and night. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurants were a little overpriced (although it's a resort and to be expected) but the service and food were both good. The nature preserve with trails was great and conveniently located across the street. Parking is free and we never had a problem finding a space. The only negative we found was no dvd/cd player and the movie rental was expensive. If going to the Phoenix area, I would definitely return here without hesitation, it was a very nice experience.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JudyfromBoise
<Content>4 star Motel My family spent 5 nights here over spring break. I have very mixed feelings about this resort....it is a wierd hybrid of a motel with some nice resort and luxury hotel features. The natural surroundings and landscaping are fabulous. But you can never get away from a parking lot! They are everywhere and spoil the illusion of being someplace other than the ordinary.The pool complex is very nice, but we were very dissapointed with the slide. It is completely enclosed to the exit point into the pool. This prevents you from sitting up at the last minute and controlling your entrance.....so everyone goes under the water at landing. Not my idea of fun. The on site restaurants we slow and over priced.......but room service was really no more money and quicker! The lobby was nice,as was the shop, but once check-in there was no reason to return It wasn't horrible, but i wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jrmarquis
<Content>A nice place to stay! When we first arrived at the Pointe, we were given a room in one of the highest buildings. We wanted to be as close to the main building as possible since we weren't planning on hanging out at the kids pool area. We went back to the desk where she quickly moved us to the main building. We loved our new room! It was a 2 minute walk to the adult swimming pool where we hung out. It was quiet and convenient. We spent 3 nights at the Pointe. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. The front desk gave us great advice on places to go and where to eat. The bed was really comfortable. The front room area was dated, but we never planned on hanging out in our room all day anyway. The bathroom was OK - the water pressure a little low, but overall, we were pleased.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Danny5566
<Content>Met our expectations We stayed at Tapatio Cliffs four nights in late March 2006 and enjoyed it. Picked it largely for the pools and were not disappointed. The steel drum and marimba duo were a pleasant surprise. Lots of fountains--all working. And the landscaping was immaculate. Also, the small sunset pool and hot tub closer to our room were very nice and open late at night.This is a VERY hilly property, which helps make it scenic, but I'd be hesitant to recommend it to anyone not sure-footed, at least in the upper buildings. While we were generally able to park pretty close to our room, there were severe inclines to navigate going to the car.As expected, there was a $10 daily charge for high-speed internet, which seems stingy for a hotel in this price range. We were also put off by the charge to use the exercise room. Hilton should realize this kind of nickle-and-diming can take the luster off an otherwise very positive experience.If we return to Phoenix, we'll strongly consider this resort again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Duckscribe
<Content>Best avoided I spent three nights here in March 2006. It wasn't a terrible experience, but for the price, there are better options in Phoenix.In short, it's Hilton. That means everything is a little worn, a little seedy, not quite working. The elevators ran slow, when at all; plumbing leaked; the TV didn't offer the full array of channels that a traveler would expect at a luxury resort hotel (no Fox regional sports network, for example). The restaurants were average, at best. At a lower price, it would be fine. But the place charges as though it's a top-notch resort, and it's not. It's a faded star who has seen better days.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing retreat My wife and I just returned from a wonderful week at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort. The resort is set in a beautiful location nestled in the hills of northern Phoenix. Our suite had a spacious living room connected through a two-section bathroom to a large bedroom, and had a balcony with views of the surrounding mountains. The room and whole resort were impeccably clean and the furnishings were nice but not ornate. The staff was noticeably friendly, more so than at other resorts where we have stayed.The workout center is moderate-sized and has excellent equipment. I enjoyed running in the Phoenix Mountain Preserve, which connects directly to the resort, and allows you to experience a real desert environment. We also took advantage of using the sister property at Squaw Peak, which had a larger waterpark, mini-golf, and a larger workout center. We got the sense that Squaw Peak was more family-oriented, whereas Tapatio was more geared for couples and corporate retreats, although both properties were equally nice. On our last night, we had a fabulous dinner at the Different Pointe of View restaurant, which was pricey but did have excellent food, and the views of the surrounding hills and the city are unparalleled.The downsides we can think of were that it was sometimes a little noisy around the resort with all the cleaning (street sweeping, leaf-blowing, etc.). Also, the resort is built on a large hillside, which affords excellent views, but could make it difficult to get around for less fit visitors. My wife and I enjoyed this layout, as it built a little exercise into our day. The resort does offer shuttle service, which we used once and found to be very efficient and easy. Finding parking was never a problem. We enjoyed exploring nearby Scottsdale, but did find it to be a bit far from the resort (about a 30 min. drive with no easy highway connections). We brought our laptop but had to pay $10/day to get high-speed internet access in our room. Also, a $9/day per room resort fee is added to the charges if you wish to use the fitness center and some of the other amenties such as mini-golf.These were minor complaints, and overall, we would whole-heartedly recommend Tapatio Cliffs, and would definitely stay here again when returning to the Phoenix area.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gjwAustin_Texas
<Content>great hotel stayed in a presidential suite for a long weekend in february 2005. really liked the room and the property. we backed up to the cliffs which I really enjoyed. went for lovely morning walks to enjoy beautiful view with coffee in hand. pools were very nice, quiet pool by fitness center was lovely and relaxing. desk manager was extremely helpful in resolving (to our utmost satisfaction) mixup about room locations for 3 couples. i would heartily recommend this property and attempt to stay there again if the circumstances arise.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lost and Found Hold on to your belongings on your stay at this resort. Pity on the person who has to pay a visit to the Lost and Found room and deal with the extremely irritable, extremely old woman at the desk! Has she forgotten how to smile and be helpful?? Perhaps her face will crack! The rest of the staff was great. Pools were never crowded and the whole resort kept very clean and attractive. The food and service at La Cantina restaurant was excellent. We also found parking to be a breeze. We never had to walk far like some of the other reviews have stated. The rooms were a nice size and we were never bothered by noise. So, hold on to your belongings, stay away from the grouch in the Lost and Found Room and the rest of your trip will be great!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BuckeyeBob
<Content>Great Start to the New Year Stayed here while visiting for the 2006 Fiesta Bowl. The property is an easy drive north of town ( about 12 miles from Sky Harbour, I think). A nicely different hotel layout built into the cliff sides presents an out of the ordinary lodging experience with numerous detached buildings. A series of walkways and foot bridges connects many of the buildings. The parking, as noted by many others, can be tricky, but is one the quirks that makes the property different and memorable. Enjoyed dining at all the venues at the property with great food and decent service. The mountaintop restaurant was TOP NOTCH in every detail for exquisitely fine dining with a spectacular view. On site shuttle was helpful for getting around the property, especially if your lady is dressed for dinner and walking shoes aren't part of the package. The variety of pool areas offer something for everyone. Only sorry I did not get to try the golf course which got nice reviews from those that I encountered who did play it.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alau925chicago
<Content>Very nice...but there were some problems The resort itself is lovely and the location was pretty good. The staff was pleasant and responsive, rooms were clean, and pools were abundant. Now for some negatives. Maybe we were unlucky, but it seemed like the plumbing in our room was horrible. Our bathtub did not drain very well, after a shower, the water was up to your ankles almost. The sink drain kept backing up and black filth came back up. The toliet also decided to do the same and we had water (only thankfully) overflow. All of these issues were rectified quickly by the staff but still unplesant. If the above negatives did not occur, I would give this resort a very positive review.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yatmeh
<Content>Great views, Huge suite My wife and I stayed here Friday night before Christmas arriving quite late due to our flight-don't you just love on time airlines who are always sorry for the delays. We booked this through Priceline-it was a 1 night airport hotel before our trip north of Phoenix.Since we often do the Priceline/Hotwire airport hotel thing, we've learned to take the good with the not-so-good if all we want is a head in a bed at the beginning or end of our trip. Well, this stay was quite something. The resort itself takes a little getting used to-quite challenging after an 18 hour day. The people here were GREAT, from the doorman to the checkin agent to the gentleman who hopped in his truck and led us to our room through the maze of tiny European-like streets. Sorry, we did not have a room-it was a large 3 room suite with a balcony that could accommodate 8 to 10 people. After being (not always flying) in planes all day, this place was HUGE. We loved the view of the lights from our balcony but the view into the desert the following morning was simply special. We thought about just staying here for a day or 2 but it was Christmas and we did have plans so with much reluctance we left. Those folks working Christmas Eve day were as great as those working the night before. Nice place.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Keysmickey
<Content>Very Very Good In town for a couple of nights before planned activities in Tucson. The Tapatio Cliffs was an excellent choice.The front desk was truly friendly despite a Christmas Eve check in. The Concierge was helpful and friendly and the hotel was beautiful. The pool, didn't seem to be a modern oasis but was a very enjoyable place to pass the time.We had cosidered Scottsdale (as I'd stayed there previously) and was certainly happy we chose Tapatio Cliffs.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CO-TriGirl
<Content>Great Hotel - Rock N Roll Marathon Stay - A definate Must Stay for Phoenix Area IGNORE the poo poo remarks from the previous post! This is NOT the place to stay if you are on business but a MUST stay if you are traveling to Phoenix with other agendas! We came the weekend of the 14-16th and it was very crazy - the resort seemed to be booked to capacity and we did not experience a delay in service. We came for the Rock N Roll Marathon and wished we could have stayed longer to enjoy the resort! There were more pools than we could imagine -and still continued to find pools we didn't know about while were departing the resort! (But do check with maintenance about the pool temps! We had to ask to have the temperature increased several times! But they did change the temperatures ASAP!) We stayed in a queen mountain suite - and as the previous post stated - the beds were FANTASTIC and rooms were spacious with AMAZING views! Almost too comfortable! I personally tried out the spa services- and I highly recommend the massage! The only downside to the resort is its proximatiy to anything. We found ourselves driving about 20 minutes to get anywhere (to the race start, finish, scottsdale night life..etc). I significantly rely on tripadvisor's feedbacks for honest and reliable comments. I am extremely picky and my husband usually expects to change hotel rooms atleast once while traveling with me! I greatfully found this to be a top notch - professionally staffed - very clean - very nice resort! A definate must stay!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>snowbiz100
<Content>Good Golf and Pool location I attended a conference at this location in January of 2006. It鈥檚 not a location where you will find every detail 鈥減erfect鈥? but I鈥檇 say most people enjoy their stay (I did) The good: The rooms are very nice. I had a King suite, that included a separate living space ( TV, mini bar and coffee maker) from the bedroom and bath area. Its similar to Embassy Suite Romm design. The room had a nice view and overlooked one of the many pools. I don鈥檛 know exactly how many pools the property had, but there was a large selection of both pools and hot tubs. The staff is very accommodating and my check in was handled quickly and in a very professional manner. There is a very limited selection of restaurants (two). The restaurants are adequate, but your best bet is to go elsewhere. The $179.00 per night rate seemed reasonable for Phoenix in Janaury.The not so good: I was surprised at the number if small issues I experienced: the bedspread was stained, I had problems connecting to the in-room internet and could not get anyone on site to assist (I was directed to an 800 number, with a 20 min wait), the high speed connection is $9.95 per day, one of the room phones had a static and there was a noticeable rattle in the air conditioning unit. On the positive side when I notified the desk of these problems, they were addressed immediately with a follow up phone call to confirm they were taken care of. I was attending a meeting at the hotel and the meeting rooms were uncomfortably cold. Overall 鈥?if you are looking for golf, a little hiking and some time in a pool- book with confidence. One warning- The location is HUGE. I if you have any difficulty walking you may want to make special arrangements for a room near the lobby, or if you are with a group make sure your rooms are close together.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Verbenimus
<Content>Over-rated I stayed at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs and was seriously disappointed. The desk clerk was preoccupied with personal business at check-in and the concierge was particularly snobbish and arrogant. I paid around $250 a night for a king suite and was disappointed that the advertised wireless internet service was only available in the lobby for an additional charge, as was the ethernet service in the rooms (even more charges). I was told they do not cater to business customers. The nicest aspects of the hotel were the bed linens and the exceptional cleaning and grounds keeping staff. It is a fine hotel if you are only in Phoenix to golf, you have no work to do, and you stay away from the administrative staff.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My son had a blast! I was very pleasantly surprised!       pool and cabanas  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>justmewonderinginyuma
<Content>Awesome... What a great time we had here. We stayed over July 4th weekend, and there was so much to do. The rooms were very cool. I just loved the way the hotel was snuggled into the mountains. Definately will stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MysticKid
<Content>Great visit Been travelling a ton for business and we were booked in the Cliffs for a two night stay. I was put in an end suite that was tremendous, beautiful living room, bar, 2 bathrooms and a beautiful bedroom w/ small porch overlooking the valley.Had room service the first night and food was great. pools were beautiful and clean, check in was flawless and service wa terrific w/ them driving me to my room in a van.wish the wife and kids were w/ me.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CatznKidz
<Content>One of the Best We stayed at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort for 5 days and we were extreemly pleased with the room and facilities. The room was very spacious and clean, the pools were clean and inviting and never crowded, and the staff was extreemly pleasant and helpful in giving directions and making our stay very enjoyable. Point in Thyme restaurant was great. We loved the food (especially the breakfast buffets)and the service was extreemly nice. I wish we had avoided the Different Point of View restaurant. The view is not all that great, especially if you are used to NYC skyline views, and we were initially seated behind a post which obsured most of the view anyway. When we asked to be moved, we were grudingly given a new table. The food is ok but very overpriced and the portions are tiny. We had to ask for bread twice and we filled up on that. My suggestion is avoid the restaurant and and the amaturish rude waiters and just go to the lounge or terrace for drinks and music.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JTro
<Content>Great Holiday! My husband and I stayed at this hotel from Oct 23 - 26th. From the moment we arrived the customer service was excellent! At check in, the woman at the front desk suggested a couple of areas for us as to where our room could be located, so we choose to stay in the 2100 block - not in the main building but close enought to walk to the Falls pool area. This proved to be a perfect location for us. We easily got a parking spot in front of our building block each night. Our room was great, air conditioned, comfortable and decorated nicely. About 30 mins after we got into our room, a hotel worker stopped by to make sure everything was okay and whether we had any questions. I was very impressed with that. We mixed our holiday with pool time at the Falls -- very nice there, some kids were playing in the pool, but hey, that's what kids do in a pool! Noted, it wasn't overly croweded there at this time of year, but that was just bonus for us. We also golfed at the Lookout course --which was beautiful and in great shape for October. We ate breakfast every morning at the Point in Thyme restaurant and thought the food was great and priced reasonably. We also had dinner at the Different Pointe of View our first night there. We drove up to the restaurant and the views were amazing! The food is pricey but worth every penny. Definitely not a kids restaurant. I know that there have been some complaints about this place and I'm a very picky person too so I went there with fairly neutral feelings about the hotel. But, honestly, I think people complain just to hear themselves complain. If you are a person with limited mobility and don't like to walk around, then this obviously isn't the place for you, however, I'd hope that in this day and age, you'd have access to the internet to see that this hotel wouldn't be suitable in advance of going there. As well, the parking could be a problem I suppose, but again, if you don't mind walking from your spot, it's not a big deal. This hotel definitely has the feel of an old spanish village, hacienda style with all of the narrow, winding roads. I found this to be charming. The location of the hotel seemed reasonable to me as well. We got around fine, and found to give 20mins or so to get anywhere. We had planned to eat our meals at the hotel or near where we were sightseeing, so didn't find this to be a problem. All in all, I would stay here again. We really enjoyed it. By the way, my husband and I are 30, and are fairly well travelled.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gave it a second chance, would never go back We stayed at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs over the July 4th weekend for the first time with two other families. The rooms here are quite large and perfect for families with children. Parking is a nightmare though. We rented a private poolside cabana for two days, which was great to have with small children. The pool area looks very nice and is clean, but this weekend it was completely overrun with people who were not guests of the hotel. We knoe this for a fact, as we learned this from the people directly. As a result, the poolside service they promised was dismal at best. On more than one occasion, we placed food and beverage orders and had to chase down the wait staff to find out where our orders were. Lunch on the first day took over an hour, only to have the wrong food arrive. It went on in this same vein for the remainder of the weekend, also at the other restaurants on the property. We made the mistake of ordering room service for breakfast one morning and by the time the food arrived, it was cold and we were missing items (like butter and syrup for pancakes). The staff kept offering apologies simply by informing us how busy they were.I ended up writing a letter to the hotel, and I was sent a very nice response with a promise of a free room, if we would give them another try. We thought why not.We visited over Labor Day weekend and it seemed much less crowded. They were checking names at the gate to the main pool/waterfall/slide area so non paying guests wouldn't be able to use the facilities. This was definitely a step in the right direction. We also rented a poolside cabana for the day. The day started out fantastic, but as soon as our waitress went off duty, we never saw another poolside attendant for the remainder of the day. That evening there was a rain storm and as a result, the ceiling in the bedroom not only leaked extensively, large chunks of plaster started to fall on the bed! This was at 10:00 PM-not pleasant, especially as our children woke up at this point. It was impossible to sleep in the bedroom, due to the noise of the water dripping....something like water torture. We called the front office and they offered to send down a cot-which would do what, we wondered as there were 4 of us. We had to move to a new room, which for anyone traveling with small children, wasn't easy to do at that time of night, having to pack up all our belongings, etc. The next day, they offered a $50 credit towards the room (we stayed an additional night beyond the previously comped room) and when I let them know that wasn't good enough given what we had been through the previous night, they agreed to give us the room for the night at no charge, plus the $50 credit toward food. I was pleased. Until we got our credit card bill and we discovered we were in fact charged for the room.Long story short, they are claiming they never promised the free room as they would never have done such a thing-they only give small credit toward the total room bill itself. Given the fact this was our third such poor service experience at a Hilton property, we have since canceled our frequent traveler account with Hilton and would never use their properties again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>xenu
<Content>Cliffs and Cabanas The Presidential Suites in the detached buildings are spacious, well appointed and very inviting. I can't speak for the rooms (suites) in the main building; however they've done it right when they built the detached buildings up the cliff and along hidden valley. We were in one of the buildings furthest away from the lobby and remainder of the resort and while the climb may look daunting it is worth every step The Hilton does provide intra-resort transportation between locations such as the lobby, restaurants, spa, pools and the suites.The hotel boasts a number of pools, hot tubs, fountains, water slides and 鈥淭he falls鈥? Ehjoy a cabana at the main or grotto pool and be pampered by your private cabana boy. We were situated near the 鈥淪unset pool鈥? a small pool on the cliff with a hot tub and the concierge鈥檚 room. This is a wonderful place for a small group to gather for an intimate meeting, diner, etc.Dining at the Tapatio is amazing. The 鈥淧oint in Tyme鈥?is a cozy location with an inspired chef. Dinner is indeed their best offering. But if you want the ultimate dinning experience, go to the top of the cliff for their French themed 鈥淒ifferent Pointe of View鈥?br/>  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MelisM_TX
<Content>Exception Service My stay at the Pointe Hilton resort was related to a conference at the same location. Although the location is a bit out-of-the-way to downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale (at least a 20 minute drive from resort), it was very convenient to stay at the same property as the conference. I traveled with several team members and we decided to take advantage of us being in the same place to have meetings in one of the rooms so we booked the presidential suite. The room was arranged with a screen, projector and flip chart per our request as soon as we checked in. And with any request (i.e. a longer phone cord to stretch the phone to the table), someone came to the room in less than 10 minutes to help. This is no small feat considering the property is spread over several levels and waundering roads. The service was exceptional as we were able to order food for breakfast and lunch for 8 people and receive everything in less than 30 minutes. And it was all delicious!A previous review mentioned the Falls area and I highly recommend that as well. It was so quiet in that section except for the sound of the waterfall outside our doors. I enjoyed the suite layout of the room so that I could use my laptop in the living section of the room and keep the bedroom area for sleeping. Although Phoenix was still a bit warm, I was able to keep my room quite cool and comfortable and the bed was very comfortable and inviting.Although we did not get a chance to enjoy the facilities for golf or swimming, those areas looked nice as well. The exterior of some buildings are a bit worn but the interior is clean and very nice for the price.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RHS1
<Content>Great resort My husband, six year old son and I spent 5 days at the resort from Oct 1-5. Request a room in the Falls Village area, our room overlooked the pool and it was close to the hiking trails. The room was recently renovated and we enjoyed having a seperate sleeping area. The resort overall is very nice. The concierge and all staff friendly and helpful. The Pointe in Tyme restaurant had great food and service. We also went to the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, our son enjoyed the Lazy River and the Water Slide. Nearby is a Walgreen's, McDonalds, grocery store and restaurants. Overall it was a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UK_ANON
<Content>Great hotel for a relaxing stop over We stayed at this hotel for one night on the way from San Diego to the Grand Canyon. The room was a suite, with a living room, bathroom and bedroom (with two very comfy queen beds). The room had airconditioning which was a godsend in the heat.There were a number of pools on the resort and the one which we used was large, and very clean. The hotel provided towels by the pool and cold drinking water at stations around the pool, which were free.We had an evening meal in the mexican restaurant on site. The food served was of average price and quality. There are a number of other restaurants on site including Point in Tyne which was where breakfast was served.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>watch out for the noisy aircon, good rates, lots of children A lovely property, a bit spread out, which means tricky parking in the narrow lanes.Some great rates if you prepay.Lots of children enjoying the pools and slide.BUT, watch out if your room is just under the bank of airconditioners in the centre of each block. It sounded like a plane was coming in to land...every 10 minutes throughout the night. We only stayed for 1 night, so didn't bother changing rooms, but it would have driven me crazy if we were there for a week.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed August 27-29 on business. Nice hotel, very spread out, which I did not expect. I had asked for a room near the main building so I wouldn't have to walk very far to and fro during the evening. I got a room overlooking the adult pool/cantina bar which was convenient.Nights were nice and warm so I swam both nights in the adult pool. I had the whole pool to myself at 10pm! It was like a warm bath :-) Ate at the cantina one night and was disappointed. For an area that has a large hispanic population I'd think their Mexican food would be great but I was so wrong. Food is totally gringo and I did not dig it. Oh well....The Pointe in Time restaurant is super pricey and I chose not to eat there even though I was on a work trip and could expense it. I ended up just getting a sandwich at the deli up the street. There is a nice gift shop in the main building that sells snacks, drinks and some breakfast items like bagels and croissants.I would stay there again. Interesting location in the cliffs and good service. There is highspeed internet capability in each guest room, which was convenient.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>harmonie
<Content>Ideal arrival in the States Arriving from Europe, after a 26 hours long day, at 9.30 pm, we were told that our room was not available due to a problem with the airconditioning, water running all over the floor. The very friendly staff at the reception offered us an upgrade to a Presidential Suite, and we were escorted to find our room in the dark.The suite was just perfect for recovering from our long journey, with a small and calm swimming pool just beneath it.We spent two nights, got good advice on Phoenix-Scottsdale from the concierge, and had a perfect dinner in Different Pointe of View with an extraordinary view on the city lights of Phoenix and a wine cellar of utmost quality. We gladly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EscapeMichigan
<Content>Great Hotel... don't worry.       comfy beds  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to write home about... I stayed at this hotel with my colleagues for 5 weeks in July. As part of the well respected Hilton family we did expect to get an upgrade (we were all silver/gold members), but the response was that it would be too unprofitable for them to give us an upgdare - there goes putting valuable customers first!The rooms were OK - they do need refurbishment...particularly bathrooms. And the aircon was a problem for each one of us (there were 5 of us)...so when you check in to your room - turn the aircon off and wait for 20 seconds: in 3 of our rooms there was a terrible bang every time the aircon was switched off...and the fault could not be repairedThe pools were another story - they were FILTHY! I almost threw up when I got into the pool for the first time. Im not going to go into details....but I guess seeing flocks of long hairs all around you and the water being slightly yellow in colour says it all!Apparently July in Phoenix was low season (we come from Europe, hence July is THE SEASON!) so breakfast buffet was only served over the week end and during the week it was a la carte....and it was terrible!! each table had 3 waiters: 1 to sit you, 1 to take drink orders, 1 to take food orders - THEY COULD NOT MULTITASK! when you asked the drinks boy to order food you could see hysteria coming over his face! it took us 1 hour to order fruit/cereal and the prices were well over the roof!I must say I expected a lot more from a Hilton....they have another resort nearby called Sqauw Peak - and that's much nicer!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dawggirl
<Content>Mariner's Spring Training Retreat? Uncaring check in staff gave an immediate poor impression. Did not tell us where room was and the resort is HUGE. No bell person on duty when we checked in around 7 p.m. Asked for a king bed, got two queens, when asked if we could switch, got an unequivocal NO. Had a nice clean room right above the service alley/street with worker noise from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Woken early with deliveries, employees shouting at each other, etc. The room was comfortable, especially the BEDS, and we used them both. Coffee pot didn't work and took a day to replace after calling. Pool areas are nice. Concierge wasn't much help in asking questions and gift shop staff unfriendly. Overall, the PLACE was nice but the staff left much to be desired.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>audreyliz
<Content>Resort for families and groups of kids My husband and I stayed at this facility for 4 nights in July 2005. I chose this location because I was able to get 2 free nights using my Hilton Honors points. I paid $89/night for the other 2 nights, so I averaged $45/night. Considering what I paid for this hotel, it was quite a bargain. However, I would not stay here again if I had to pay more than $100/night.This hotel caters to and attracts LOTS of kids. There were times that it felt like a day care center. And as is typical of parents on vacation with their kids, most of the kids were allowed to run rampant like wild animals. They even invaded the Adult Pool which is clearly labeled as such and the parents watched as their darlings dove, yes dove, in to 4ft deep water. The kids also took over the restaurant during the morning breakfast buffet and created a madhouse. I even saw a kid pick up a donut, take a bite out of it, and put it back in the basket. Fortunately a server saw this and promptly whisked away the whole basket. Another kid was running his fingers through the diced green peppers at the omelette table and his mother said, I quote, Don't touch that, you'll get it on your clothes!So you can see this is not the place for adults without children or anyone who values hygiene and safety. In general, the rooms were spacious and averagly furnished. They do seem a bit old and not well-maintained. The property is very spread out and you have to walk quite far to get places or you can call for hotel transportation or drive your own car. The Pointe in Thyme restaurant is WAY OVERPRICED, and I suggest finding your breakfast at offsite locations. There is a Village Inn about 2 miles north on 7th, a Denny's about 1 mile west on Cactus, and an IHOP about 5 miles west on Cactus. Don't go there for lunch or dinner either. The Cantina was pretty tasty, but also overpriced. 2 adults can share a burrito and be full. The Different Pointe of View restaurant was spectacular and well worth it. If you are going to be enjoying libations poolside, I recommend going to the Safeway down the street, buying your beverages there, along with some insulated mugs, and storing them in your mini-bar fridge. Instant savings!The spa was very professional and the services were luxurious. However, the description on the website of the body treatments, such as the masks and wraps, does not mention that they include the body brushing that is part of the Body Glow treatment. I signed up for both, received both in succession, then discovered that I paid $65 for something that would have been included in my Seaweed wrap anyway. That was sort of depressing, but I figured that at least I got an additional 20 minutes of massage.So, to sum up, only go here if you have kids and want to let them run wild. Different Pointe of View is worth visiting even if you are not staying here. And don't buy a Body Glow treatment if you are getting a wrap!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simba-Mark
<Content>Nice....but.. This is the third time my wife three children and I have vacationed in Phoenix. The last twice we have stayed in Scottsdale this time we decided to try the Pointe Hilton.  Location was good, check in impersonal have to go from the main desk to the bell desk to ask for directions to room. We were told we had a parking spot outside our room. What a joke! We had to park down a hill, 10 minutes walk away and that was a good day. The parking in this resort relies on good fortune rather that logic. Why are there no room numbers on each parking spot?On a positive note the pool areas are excellent, very often we were the only people in the pool.When my sons and I were stuck in the elevator staff were quick to respond , as when we were flooded by the airconditioning malfunction.The lobby area itself is sterile with a lack of information, leaflets etc on local attractions. Indeed we had to drive to the hotel we stayed in last year in Scottsdale for leaflets, maps etc.Unless I got a great rate I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dave5151
<Content>Great Hotel, OK neighborhood I stayed at the Tapitio Cliffs while in North Phoenix on business. The hotel was great. Its perch on the hillside is very nice. View Suite had nice view of North Phoenix. Suite was very accomadating. Very comfortable bed. Nice bathroom and vanity. Staff was very friendly. Location made parking very difficult. If you could not park on the tiny drive way in front of your suite, you ended up having to climb a ways to your room. Navigating the resort by car was a bit difficult on the narrow drives. Restaurants, and pools were plentyfull and very nice. Main pool area got somewhat crowed but other pools could be accessed easily for a quieter time. The area around this hotel didn't have much to do. Lots of golf courses and trailer parks. If I were traveling for vacation I would have prefered to say near Scottsdale or better yet in Sedona.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surround sound air conditioners-yikes!!! When my husband and I went to bed in our room at this hotel, we were jarred awake by surround sound humming and vibrations. We called the front desk, who sent someone up, and they said it was all of the air conditioners on the roof. They told us they would move us. It was 11:30 pm. At 12:15 am a woman came to move us to another room. My husband had to lift all of our bags and put them in her vehicle. Because this place is SO large, we had to not only move our stuff, but try and find a parking spot for our car. After settling into our new room, we discovered that they had put us in a room with NO WORKING AIR CONDITIONER. We didn't sleep well needless to say. My request to speak with a manager the next morning went unfulfilled. When we got home, there were unexplained charges on our credit card. My second request to speak with a manager has been unfulfilled. I have sent a letter to corporate and that has been left unanswered. And did I mention that the remote and the toilet in our first room didn't work either. Save yourself the pain and grief!!!!!! There are plenty of other resorts out there.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dated hotel this hotel is dated. If you have stayed at hilton in resorts like La Jolla, Hawaii, or Mexico. This hotel does not even come close.The setup is a little awkward. The units are very spread apart. You could take a shuttle to the pool and the breakfast area. If you walk, it could be 10 minutes.the gym does not have indoor shower facilities.breakfast is o.k.If people come here at peak season in winter time and pay over $200, then it's overpriced.at summer time, the $89 is acceptable if you are passing thru town.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Stay From the minute you walk in to this hotel you can see that it is well past its prime. From the hotel food options and gift shop to the spa all were disappointing.The first room we were put into was right next to the elevator with hundreds of screaming children running unsupervised. We asked for something quieter and were place in another area of the hotel, but still had to report a loud party that went on past 2am one night.Guests brought coolers into their rooms and sixpacks of beer to the pool area even as early as 10am. They also open their pool area to non-guests in the summer for extra revenue...people just drop their kids off and leave.The best part of the stay, however, is the restautant Different Point of View (not part of the hotel, but adjacent to the property). Amazing views and wonderful food...would go back again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Judy1949
<Content>Beautiful resort, wonderful pools, fantastic bellman We just returned from a 4 night stay. When we arrived rather late on Saturday night, June 11, we asked if we could have a room with a view. We were told there were only two rooms left and they had parking lot views. Upon arriving in our room, it reeked of sewage. Our bellman noticed the smell and offered to have the maids come and spray. They arrived promptly, but we knew spraying the room would not eliminate the odor. We contacted the front desk and were told the only other available room had wet carpet. We were tired from our trip from the East Coast and asked the front desk to find us another hotel. Then, after much discussing among themselves, they found another room. Our very kind bellman, Dick, then drove us up the cliffs and carried our bags again in the heat to a suite with a beautiful view. Hilton certainly has a fantastic employee in Dick. He knew we were ready to leave the Tapatio Cliffs and find something else, but he was so kind pointing out all the good features of the hotel. We were so happy with our suite with the view, all our bad thoughts about the resort quickly disappeared. Dick then called us when he got back down to the front desk to assure us that we could have the suite for our 4 nights and not have to move to less expensive room the next day.  When we return to Phoenix, we will definitely want to stay at the Cliffs, and will probably pay the extra money for the view. It was so wonderful to sit on the patio and drink coffee early in the morning and enjoy that view.Thanks to Dick for sticking with us and seeing we were happy with our room. Hilton is very fortunate to have an employee who represented them very well (unlike the front staff).  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maroulni
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Okay Service We just returned from 6 nights at the Tapatio Cliffs Resort, which were pleasurable, and very reasonably priced, considering the summer rates available at the resort. This resort is very large, however, and the service suffers.We had booked a rate of $89 plus tax through the Hilton website. Though we had requested a king bed, a standard king bedded room was not available at check-in. Rather, we were put in a handicapped accessible room, which, given its functional necessities, was not as luxurious as a standard room (e.g. awkward shower instead of bath, etc.) We requested a room change for the next day, and were accomodated. Because we were going to be spending the majority of our time off-resort, we requested a room in the main building, which was close to the elevators and complimentary valet, which made for easy exits and arrivals.Though the main building did not have the views of some of the other suites, it's convenience was an asset to us. I would recommend the main building for those who might have trouble getting around a sprawling resort, or who prefer the convenience of being close to their cars.The pool areas are diverse, with an adult pool behind the main building, and additional family geared pools scattered around the resort. The Falls complex has a nice atmosphere, with great bar service, and a fun enclosed waterslide.We did have problems with the service. The ice machines were either missing or inoperable around our room, so we requested that ice be brought to our room. Almost an hour later, it arrived. On another occasion, an important fax arrived for us and while the front desk called to tell us they would happily deliver it to our room immediately, it took amost an hour to arrive. Other than these types of issues, our stay was pleasant. We would recommend the Tapatio Cliffs resort for families and easygoing people who enjoy swimming and the added room provided by an all suite resort.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>egremont
<Content>Fantastic! My husband  I stayed here last June,first for one night before we set off north for Flagstaff  then the Grand Canyon.We then had 2 nights here before we flew home.The hotel itself is set amongst cliffs and the number of pools is amazing.We had one near our suite but we chose to go the pool with the hot tub  waterfalls.The restaurant Different Pointe of View was fantastic.We had an anniversary dinner there and the views over Phoenix are wonderful.The staff were friendly and efficient and nothing was too much trouble.We also had a complimentary bottle of champagne left in our room on our anniversary.Would stay there again and definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pantherfan1
<Content>Wonderful time at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort last week. After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was a bit concerned. However, we were both pleasantly surprised by the resort, and could not figure out what others have complained about.We were fortunate enough to stay in a Presidential Suite located across from the Fitness Center and a pool that we had to ourselves most of the time. The room was very spacious and well appointed.The resort is spread out and does require a bit of walking to restaurants and pool areas, depending on where you stay. However, I enjoyed walking around the resort because it meant I did not have to go to the gym every day. I brisk walk around the resort provided plenty of exercise. But, the times we did not want to walk, the shuttle service was very prompt.Service at Pointe in Thyme and A Different Point of View was very good. The view of Phoenix from A Different Point of View is spectacular. The only place we experienced issues with service was at The Falls pool. Room Service was very prompt.I will definitely stay at this resort again.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Enjoyed our stay       on the walkway  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cathykins
<Content>Nice, older place with a lot of charm My husband and I stayed here in April and the weather was perfect. We stayed in Room 4133 with a Valley view. The room itself has a very small separate bedroom and then a little living room. There are two t.v.s. I found the room to be a little dark actually, and I have seen that comment on here before. However, the bed was wonderfully comfortable and we liked our balcony and the sitting area.There are a number of different pool areas and one day we used the very quiet one by our room and the next day we went to the more family oriented larger area which offered drink service. Both were nice in their own way. We ate dinner the first night at a Different Pointe of View and the view is spectacular and the food was excellent. Really recommend it.The only negative about the place was all the walking one would have to do. Parking is at a premium so you may not be able to park very close to your room. For us, that is no problem but I kept wondering about elderly people. I could see my folks not being happy about it.Overall the service was great (we had two room-service breakfasts delivered hot and on time) and the dinner we ate there was excellent. It is a charming place that meanders up a hillside and we would stay there again.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UCLaw98
<Content>Great Hotel - Need Quieter Golf Carts We just returned from our second of two stays at the Tapatio Cliffs, the first was in November '04 Overall, I would recommend this resort. Both stays our room was great - very spacious (suite) for what we paid ($99/night the first stay; Corp. Rate of $129 the second stay), very comfortable beds (down comforter/pillows), extremely clean, great views from the balcony or windows, good sound insulation between rooms.I like the fact that the resort is spread out and is on a hilly area because it lends to more character than a block-building hotel, the buildings are spread out and there are a number of pool areas which allow for more or less relaxation depending on what type of activities you desire.The only annoying thing is the gas-powered golf carts that zip around the resort delivering luggage/people/room service. They are incredibly noisy, kind of like a lawn mower sound, so you don't want to leave your sliding door open while trying to sleep! They are also not that careful about going around the many corners, so you have to be very careful when walking around the resort to avoid being run over! It would be a good idea for them to replace the carts with electric-powered (quieter) ones.The first time we went, we went hiking and there are nice hiking trails (moderately difficult) that are accessible near the tennis courts.The second time we visited, we had dinner at a Different Pointe of View and the view was AMAZING, it was very romantic and the food was great - interesting combinations of ingredients and great service. It is expensive though, so if on a budget, try the bar area for a drink, the views are worth it!They have a shuttle which will pick you up at your room and take you around the resort, which was great because my boyfriend hurt his ankle (and I was in heels), so they chauffered us to dinner and back.The staff here was helpful anytime we had questions or problems.I had trouble finding a soda machine near the pool that was working and when I called to complain, they said that if it was convenient, I could just take sodas from the mini-bar in our room and they wouldn't charge us. It was a great solution and I appreciated that they didn't argue or give me a hard time, but just solved the problem.We stayed there primarily because it's near relatives, but I would recommend it to anyone who finds a reasonable rate and is staying in the Phoenix area. There's also a Starbucks and Walgreens right down the road, which was great!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vicki1812
<Content>very disappointing - not 5 star Following a 10 day trip driving around Arizona we decided to end with a stay at this advertised luxury 5 star resort, but were very disappointed. Previoulsy we have stayed at the Fairmont scottsdale princess  the Biltmore, both in Scottsdale. Firstly the resort is huge - 585 rooms and very impersonal. People at the check in desk were very impersonal (I am a silver VIP member of Hilton's loyalty club) and mistakes were made on our booking, with no hint of apology. We had booked a romance package which included a premium suite with view, champagne and b/fast. We had to ask repeatedly for the wine and as they do not have 24 hour room service then we missed our pre paid b/fast as we had an early flight, as this resort is a good 25/30 minute drive from Phoenix Airport - don't believe the blurb that is it closer. When we asked the resort staff if they could organise something for us they said no! No assistance was offered with bags and the bell desk was unhelpful and gave wrong info.The room (No.4130) was Ok - nothing special, although it was quite spacious. We did have a view - but we also had a view of the air con units and they were very noisy at night. The bathroom was small  basic and the bath was just a standard issue with very low  small hotel bath - no good if you are over 4 feet. The suite was supposedly recently re modelled but the carpet was stained and furniture scratched, and hard to beleive but all of the ornaments/accesserioes were actually glued or nailed to the surfaces - and as we had booked a 5 star hotel and paid $280 for the package we were insuted that the hotel has pre decided that guests could not be trusted!This resort is called the ciffs for a reason - it is built into the side of a cliff and a lot of the suites are up several flights of stairs and along balconies, there are elevators but they are old and not located next to the suites. Parking is a nightmare - there are main carparks which are quite a way from the rooms but there are not enough car spaces for the suites within a close proximity. If you had a large car or had a lot of unloading to do or you have mobility problems then you may struggle. It took 10 minutes of very careful manovering to try and park our car in a very small space- very fustrating. Whist the resort grounds were well kept, the surrounding area was not great and we ended up traveling back to scottsdale to find somewhere where we wanted to eat. There are no faciities outside of the resort within walking distance and the area to the south is not one you would want to be in late at nightIn all very dissapointing, overpriced and we will not be returning. If we had another night in Phoenix we would stay at the Fairmont or the Biltmore both if which advertise great deals via their websites or Hotels. Scottsdale is a much better location for the airport and facilities, we are frequent international travellers and would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JJinMI
<Content>Nice for families After reading all the reviews, we didn't know what to expect. First of all, it's not as rundown as some people say. The main building could clearly use a renovation. And quite honestly, if they do it, they should make the building smaller by eliminating the rooms on the West side of the building, facing the Falls pool. If I had one problem with the resort is that it felt crowded because of a lack of open space. That change would really help, IMO.The food was better than I expected, though true to the other reviews, it is a bit pricey, as are the poolside drinks. The concierge will gladly direct you to nice places off-site.The pools were excellent. The service was good for how busy the property is. The health club is adequate鈥?also cramped though. There is both wireless on wired high-speed internet, though they do charge by the day for it.There is both golf and tennis. I was told the golf course was excellent. To me, one of the really nice features was the adjacent Phoenix Mountain Park. Great for both nature hikes and challenging runs (up and down rocky trails in the the hills鈥?bring adequate shoes, as in trail-running shoes). Be a little careful though. I was out there three times and almost stepped on a 3.5 foot rattlesnake not far from the hotel. Great place for families. Our kids had a blast.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bakery
<Content>Great stay at the Tapatio We just got back from three nights at this resort, and we really enjoyed our stay. We, too, found it quiet (even though our trip coincided with Arizona's March Break and there were probably more families than usual). Our suite was spacious, and not dated like some of the other reviewers have mentioned. Several earlier reviews mentioned a bee problem at the resort. I didn't find it to be a problem at all, although it may be seasonal. The pool with the water slide was great early in the day, but we found it excessively busy into the afternoon so we switched to the family pool in the main building. It was much quieter and made a nice change. We had breakfast there every day as we were on the BounceBack plan, and the buffet had a good variety of delicious food. The location of the resort is one of its biggest assets but also one of its biggest detriments. The upside is that it is beautifully situated, seemingly far from the busy city. The downside is that it is far from most of the good restaurants. (There's an Oregano's located about 15 minutes away that's very good.) Having said that, we had a great stay and would stay at this resort again if we went back to Phoenix.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eaglesrest
<Content>Squaw Peak is better Nice suites which are let down by poor air conditioning and terrible natural lighting. The rooms are so dark (at least ours was). We stayed at the Squaw Peak a few years ago and this is by far the better hotel in my opinion. One plus is the readily available transportation around the site and the excellent cliff side restaurant. However, Squaw Peak has a great water park, is much better suited for Phoenix's scorching weather and has some fantastic cabanas!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PPop54
<Content>some good, some bad Stayed here for three days while participating in a business meeting. Didn't know what to expect after reading previous reviews. The good news was that the bed was extremely comfortable (nice linens, mattress similar in feel to comfy beds at W Hotels) and the room was probably one of the quietest hotel rooms I've stayed in (maybe we lucked out with quiet neighbors). When checking in, we did request that our room be in a quiet section of the property and we upgraded to a room with a view -- we were in the cliffside area above the Sunset Pool. Room was spacious, OK decor, but it's obvious that the property was built in the 1970s since bathtub, toilet, etc are all of a rather dated vintage. Our suite had open beam cathedral ceilings, which was nice, so I recommend requesting an upper unit. The downside: The resort seems very tired and dated, elevators run very slowly, everything seems a little bit patched together and in need of paint or a good makeover or remodel (I did notice those painted floor tiles in the lobby that someone mentioned, though I didn't think they looked that bad). Service in the restaurant by the pro shop was slow and food was substandard. Fish tacos at Mexican place were OK. Since hotel is built on a hillside, there's lots of walking involved if you are in an upper unit, but we didn't mind that at all -- a five-minute walk seemed better than being housed in one of the dreary units near the lobby that overlooked the parking lot. Another point (or pointe) to consider: Location of the hotel is not the best for accessing tourist venues (spring training, Scottsdale, etc. ). Overall, the property is dated, but our unit (at least) offered quiet, a comfy bed and a view (albeit of suburban sprawl and hills way beyond). I probably would not stay here again, but the stay could have been a whole lot worse -- at least we were able to sleep.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dardo
<Content>It had everything plus a couple of unexpected bonuses. Just got back from 4 enjoyable nights at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort.  Incidentally it is pronounced tap as in ...'Golly, he is a good tap dancer. and patio as in St. Patrick. I find that pronouncing correctly the name of whereever I choose to lay my body down for sleep makes my lodging stay all the more delightful.Yes, I run the danger of sounding like a lodging snob but that's me and I can't help it. What's there not to like about the the place? Beats me. I had a suite with a living room with a couch and 2 chairs, a desk with internet hook up, a wet bar, entertainment center with a TV. The vestibule with the bath on one side and the sink on the other led to a very spacious bedroom with twin queen beds, another TV, plus a balcony that provided a splendid view to the north of the valley and mountains. Terrycloth robe too.The staff? ...a more congenial, helpful group you will not find. The only minor glitch is I had a little trouble finding my room initially but that was mainly because I am part of the great fraternity who do not like to ask for directions even though they gave me a map and directions. I've read the complaints about the parking. You're not going to find your typical parking lot here with herringbone spaces on a flat surface. In fact hilly parking outranks flat parking at this resort by at least 2 to 1. . They don't call it Tapatio Cliffs for nothing folks. For people who are not fond of walking a little or flat out hate it..especially uphill..then I can understand because you may have to park a little ways. But didn't I read somewhere where the Surgeon General highly recommends excersize like walking? The farthest I parked from my room was less than 75 yards. I've stayed at other hotels where it seemed that long just getting from my room to the elevator.For me the walking was a plus ...not just for the exercise but walking in a beautiful setting of Spanish architecture in natural southwest surroundings.. I particularly liked the heavy breathing hike to the top of the Pointe where you get a fabulous view of the city. Then there are the swimming pools...they are all over the place. I had one just a few steps from my door. I had come to Phoenix to take in Mariner spring training in suburban Peoria so when I got back after baseball and sightseeing it was a little too cool to take a dip so I can't give you my take on that but the pools looked inviting and they have waterfalls that cascade from one pool to another. There is even a water slide...so needless to say for kids this is a very cool place. There are also tennis courts and a golf course. I liked it that you could walk right off the resort property smack dab onto a desert hiking trail. I checked it out at dawn one morning and met up with some sociable rabbits. Another unexpected bonus..because Arizona had more than its share of rain this winter there was an abundance of wildflowers on the trail. The Pointe is like a Spanish village stuck velcro like on a hillside with fountains, tastefully landscaped, manicured lawns and gardens with all kinds of cacti, trees, and lovely flower beds. The Pointe has restaurants and bars. You have a Walgrens, MacDonalds, gas stations, and two supermarkets less than a mile down the hill on 7th. Unfortunately there is but one sit down restaurant in that neighborhood...Pinky's Cafe. I had breakfast there one morning (I was but one of two patrons in the restaurant ...a red flag I chose to ignore) and my scrambled eggs seemed to take forever to prepare no doubt coming from incompetant chickens so I would suggest you avoid the place. On the other hand Eddie and Mike's Pizza next to A.J''s Foods (in the strip mall to your left just before the traffic light at the bottom of the hill) is not only the most immaculate pizza parlor I have seen in a month or so but the pizza is very good and is alledgedly the world's best. I don't know about that but it is tasty and besides, the poeple who serve you are nice.I thought this was an excellent value especially for families and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort. The staff will see my face there again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oregon Shelly
<Content>Not 5 star but still nice We just spent 5 nights at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs this past weekend while my husband attended a conference. Overall, we were happy with our stay. Here is a more detailed report of our experience:Good things:1. Our room was very spacious -- it was actually a 2 room suite with a bedroom and a separate living area and a wet bar. I've heard that all of the rooms at this hotel are set up like this. It was nice to have the extra space. My husband used the living area at night to watch TV so he wouldn't disturb me if I turned in early.2. Atmosphere -- although its an older property, this hotel is very beautiful. Driving up to our room, my husband and I felt like we were in a quaint Mexican village. The grounds looked especially nice this time of year since all of the flowers were in bloom. 3. Pool Area -- The Falls pool area was wonderful! Definitely my favorite part of the hotel! It was very clean and spacious with lots of places to lay out. The scenery was beautiful with the waterfalls surrounding the whole area. The pool snack bar -- Cascades Cafe was also very nice. I enjoyed many yummy poolside drinks and lunches there over the course of our stay. 4. Different Pointe of View -- Although we dropped over $200 here for dinner, it was definitely worth it!!! The view from this restaurant was unlike nothing I've ever seen -- absolutely breathtaking! We requested a table outside and got to enjoy the fabulous sunset. The food was excellent. I ordered the Chef's Menu Sampler -- a five course meal designed especially for me by the chef. It was outstanding!!Not so good things:1. Service -- I've stayed at other hotels in the Phoenix area where the staff was extremely friendly. Not the case at this hotel. I wouldn't say that they were rude, just not overly friendly. 2. Getting Around the Hotel -- the hotel is very spread out. Our room was located in the Mountainside Suites area and was halfway up the mountain. Luckily, the temperature was in the mid 70's. If if was in the 90's-100's, then it would have been a lot more difficult walking the steep road to our room. Also, the streets are very narrrow and there are not always sidewalks. I felt like I was constantly having to stop to let cars pass if I was walking. Overall, the good things outweigh the bad things. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place We stayed here 3 nights at the end of February 2005, with a family of 4 (two kids aged 6 and 9). The one bedroom suite in building 5 of the Hidden Valley was classy, fairly large, mostly quiet and spotless. It was a bit tricky to find our room, even with their map. We got a package deal thru Costco Travel for around $550 for 3 nights. The beds were extremely comfortable. Be sure to ask for a room near The Falls if you have kids, as this place covers a lot of real estate and has hills and stairs.The restaurant near the pool had excellent food (from the kid stuff, burgers, exotic drinks to the spa-like salads) and the service was above average, especially Summer. The prices were quite reasonable. The restaurant near the golf course had very tasty food, but the service was a bit slow on both mornings and the one night we ate there. They seemed to be short staffed in the mornings. The breakfast buffet was outrageous at $18 for adults, but a steal at $5 for kids. The quality of food on the buffet was very good. We ate at the Mexican restaurant one night and it was reasonably priced, good service, but the food was only okay, not great. It was more of a sports bar atmosphere.The pools were very clean, uncrowded, plentiful and beautiful. We loved hearing the waterfalls. We took one look at the water slide and did not try it. It appeared too narrow for adults, and our girls were not interested in a dark fully enclosed black pipe. There were 2 boys around age 11, who were really enjoying it, however. We liked that we were able to borrow tennis rackets and balls and introduce our kids to tennis. They let us take the kids for a ride in the golf carts, also for free. Both my dad and my husband went for a 4 mile hike around a butte right from the door of the hotel. They said the views were very nice.Down the street a bit is a Starbucks, Target, Chili's, Boston Market, El Pollo Loco, and Sonic Burger.We also did a day trip to the Squaw Peak Point Hilton where there are reciprocal privileges. We had a car so we drove, but they have free shuttles between the hotels available. The Lazy River was as warm as bath water and only 3 ft deep (safe for our 6 year old). The current kept us going for about 15 minutes around the loop. We were not charged for the inner-tube. It was also not very busy at this Hilton. We played some miniature golf, and again no charge. Their water slide was fun for my 9 year old, but she said the water was cold (it was only around 65 degrees air temperature that day). They did not have much pool side service, and the food was not as healthy as the Tapatio. There were nets up for water volley ball. Their wild west theme was pretty cute.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janiekins
<Content>Great place!!! Stayed here last week in a Presidential Suite - it was very nice. Staff were very accommodating. Great hiking trails right in back of hotel. Only negative - the hotel is a little dated. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! I stayed at the Tapitio Cliffs for three nights on a business trip. The staff were extremely friendly, helpfull and eager to please. The resteraunts at the resort are all top notch and the rooms are very nice and clean. The resort itself is in a beautiful setting and there is plenty of hiking and golf to keep anyone busy. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay there again when in Phoenix.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too busy and outdated We only stayed one night [and that was enough]. there's no room when you pull in by car. Your vehicle is offered to be 'valet' parked. they sent us to our room in a long roudabout way which took a long time to get to. However, we discovered how short a distance we actually were from the lobby, yet it took a five minute walk to get to our room based on their directions. The gentleman that valet parks was rather abrupt and unpleasant and not very professional; you expect at night]. The suite was outdated and old and we paid $199 for one night; which we felt was a rip off. We did find their restaurant [they have several] to be decent and pleasant for a casual dinner. It was too much of a fisasco to get to our car since they valet parked it, and yet we found it close to our room after we checked in. We would not go back again. Maybe 20 years ago it was a nice place but we were disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>blonde_in_michigan
<Content>Loved it!!! Im very surprised at some of the low reviews, we stayed 2 nights in the presidential suite, right by some stairs that lead up in the cliffs with a pool, how stunning at night! Private too.. The pools were great , lots of them... Kinda like a cruise just put up your flag on your lounge chair and someone came running to get you anything... Id have to say the best meal ive ever had was the dinner we had at the pointe over looking all downtown, Yes we paid over 400.00 dollars so it should be, you could let the chief prepare anything for you that he felt like but we had a differant glass of wine with every dish. Ive been alot of places before but i still think of that dinner! The jazz band was wonderful, the singer great. We will take the kids next time, proberly this summer. LOved it!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff. The staff at the Ponite Hilton Tapatio Cliffs was outstanding. We were there for a conference which usually gets the OK treatment. But I can't say enough about the staff here, they were great.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seinenb
<Content>Loved the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs My girlfriend and I spent a wonderful 5 day vacation at the Hilton Tapatio Cliffs in Oct '04 due in a large part to reviews on tripadvisor. The resort is spread out with clustered buildings of suites kind of built into the side of a mountain. The views are wonderful from the balcony almost no matter where you are facing. The room was nice and big and well kept. The pool areas were great and the waterslide was a lot of fun (even for the adults). The dining was good but pricey. I would recommend trying it, but then doing most of your dining in Scottsdale. Overall... great hotel for the upper mid price range.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs. We chose the Pointe for its location and price and we were not disappointed at all. Just prior to our stay, I had read several very negative reviews of the resort and have to admit that I was a little concerned of what we would find but found those reviews to be completely out of whack. Although, the resort layout is definitely not for someone that may not be willing to tackle a hill or two. Our one bedrooom suite was very nice and we had a nice view of the valley. We had a car while on the property so did not use the services of the resort shuttle, however I noticed others using the service and they had very prompt response to a call for a ride. The resort pools were all wonderful as was the fitness center. We dined at the Pointe in Tyme restaurant and enjoyed our meal. For a truly relaxing vacation, I would definitely choose to visit Tapatio Cliffs again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>outdated and not pleasant First.....it started with what was suppose to be an early check in, confirmed reservations were for 11am .... did not get in room til 2pm...... was a romance package which was to include champagne in room upon check in..... no champagne until 8pm that evening.......package was also to include breakfast ....breakfast was charged to our room. Staff seemed overworked and unfriendly. Presidential suite was nothing more than an outdated over rated suite. I would not recommend this resort nor would we go back.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star DREAM This is the hotel of your dreams.Large room very comfortable beds excellent staff who do what you whant when you want. Great restraunts e.g the mexican and Point of view.Superb pools with a water slide and waterfalls ideal for kids. Good tennis courts and games place. A great balcony and sun roof terrace with sunbeds.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CJThompson
<Content>Not a 4 star but nice My wife and I were impressed with the staff, courteous and helpful. The resort is located 1/2 way between Phoenix and Scottsdale, which makes things very convenient. Our room is comfortable and clean, with a nice view of the valley. Problem: Being on a hillside made walking to even simple things inconvenient. You need to call the hotel shuttle, which is nice,free (of course you had to tip the driver) but during busy times you were waiting a while.We were on a Bounce back promotion that included a very generous and delicous breakfast. Disappointed that we had to pay $9.99 a day for internet access which is almost common place to be free or at least wireless is free. Ok, but probably wouldn't stay again unless there was a major promotion at $219 a night this isn't a bargin.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Reviews? Here's why! This is a huge older property with a variety of accomadation types. At best it's a 2-3 star resort. There are alot of amenitites which will give you the impression that this is a great 4 star resort... it's not. It's carved out of the side of a rocky hill/mountain. There is no natural beauty anywhere to be found. The hillside suites are small, offer no view except of the parking stalls and other buildings. The views you do get are of the burb's rooftops, lots of city lights at night. Hiking trails lead to dirt paths... I have seen the desert, this isn't it. The highway runs right past it... it is NOT REMOTE in the sense of being off the beaten path, it's just inconvenientley out of the way. There are residential subdivisions and strip malls at the bottom of the hill. You might as well be half way up the space needle in Seattle. What ever desert terrain is left is devoid of life. I'm sure at one point, this was a wonderful spot surrounded by natural beauty but unfortunatley urban sprawl has taken over.The resort has not aged well either. The rooms are terribly outdated in decor, layout and size. Even the updated rooms have a bandaid feel with their mismatched furniture... this was done on the cheap. Everywhere I looked, I saw cheap fixes... the fountains patched with cement, the lobby terra cotta floor painted over to look new!... layers of paint everywhere...nothing flowed. Now if all this didn't catch your eye AND you got a cheap web rate (perhaps something you would pay at a 2-3 star hotel), you probably gave this place a positive review. However if you paid more than say $99.00/night then you felt ripped off like I did. I could have paid the same price and stayed at the Wig Wam (also an older resort but gorgeous) but was seduced by the phony marketing on the Pointe Hiltons' web site... thinking I was to expect 4 star quality... It looks good on the net but reality bites!The golf course is well manicured but it too has fallen victim to urban sprawl...traffic noise and backyard walls everywhere... too bad...it has some nice holes in the hills. We checked out early after 3 days of sunning and golf (that we did enjoy) and headed east to Fountain Hills. Ended up in the gorgeous Inn at Eagle Mountain...paid less too!! There are just too many better places to stay in Scottsdale and area that provide the 4-5 star experience.I've been on budget vacations and extravagant vacations... I didn't complain about either because I got what I expected. The Pointe Hilton is a fraud and that ticks me off. Stop pretending to be something you're not. You should be described as a larger perhaps upscale Ramada.Go on the cheap or don't go ... I think you'll be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ihearttravel
<Content>ewwww, very ewwww like the name, this resort was ewwwwwwww, very ewwwww. I expected a great resort like many others in Phoenix. Boy was i wrong! From entering the lobby, i noticed that it was like a ramada inn or something pretending to be fancy. The rooms were up many narrow hills and 18,000 miles away from the lobby. The buildings reminded me of a motel 6 or soming. The parking spaces in front of your room were compact, and nobody took care of your luggage! Once i entered i noticed the carpet was horrible, the desk was beat-up, and the couch looked like something you'd find in a rotting basement, it was also very uncomfortable. halfway between the living area and the bedroom is the bathroom, some bathroom. The sink's not even in the bathroom, it's in a scary place, and the room with the toilet and shower/tub was extremely cramped. The shower was pretty bad, but the toiletries were okay. I expected a wayyyy better bathroom then what i got, something like the heavenly baths at Westins. The bedroom was quite bland and the bed felt like it was made from super old mashed potatoes, that bad. the mattress even slipped almost completely off in the middle of the night. The tv was ok, like it didn't get many channels, but i guess the ability to play N64 was good, although go to any holiday inn and you get that. The balcony.... had a sorta pretty view of other hotel buildings. but too small, take two steps and you fall over the edge....ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....................................................................smash. Down at the main pool, i found out it was purty darn not that great. Fun noodles were like 4 dollars and inner tubes were like, 8, to rent. kinda stupid. the service for drinks, pretty good drinks, and food, eh food, was extremely slow, but the cabana was quite nice though a little more cramped than others. The pool was actually very small and everything else was extremely basic. There were other pools around here and there, but they were very travelodge-ish, and required many people to walk up 84,614 flights of stairs to get to any. Back at the room, we had both a scorpion and cockroach, not what you'd expect from a 'great' resort. It's location was inconvenient, far away from much, and kind of around a not too great area, but also still ok. Anyway, i recommend flying out of tapatio cliffs to Sky Harbor, as it is a long drive to anything else. Bottom line, it ain't great-a... stay somehwere betta.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adcosta2
<Content>Good pools at Stayed at the Tapatio Hilton from 11/29 - 12/3. Staff were very friendly. Dinners at The Pointe Restaurant were good. The View Restaurant offers live jazz beginning on Thursday nights, but when I went, the restaurant was reserved by a private party. The fitness center ($11/day) offered good equipment, but the tiny co-ed sauna and steam rooms and lack of locker rooms left much to be desired. Though I liked the layout of the suites, the TVs and bathrooms were smaller than expected. I'd try other comparably priced hotels next time.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Place I so disagree with that other review. We spent 5 days at the cliffs for thanksgiving and couldnt have been happier. Although we didnt have an executive suite we were quite happy with our room that was right next to the 80+ degree pool. The bell desk was my personal GPS system as they gave directions to everywhere I went. I traveled with two small children and room service was very accomodating to our needs. We ate dinner one night at the cantina, had lunch at the pool side cafe(great fish taco). Never got to eat at Point in Tyme, but Different Pointe of View, WOW what could I say it was fabulous. Maybe the other reviewer hit a bad day (for him) because there were six of us and not one person had a complaint about their meal. We even had the chef come out to the table so we can ask how he made the fabulous reduction that was served with the special filet. With the view and food this place ranks way up there. All together we thought is was a great place, and for the price, you cant beat it. I will recommed this resort to friends and family.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Better than the other Phoenix Pointe I had an executive suite, it was very comfortable. Very spacious, nice fireplace. The view wasn't great. Bed was comfortable. The layout was great, the room was well appointed. I'm not sure what the previous review was going on about saying it was on par with a Motel 6 - I disagree definitely. l also stayed at the Pointe Squak Peak the week before, this one is much much better.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dump A glorified 6 Motel (complete with popcorn ceiling, views of other people's rooms, old dirty and outdated decor - who cares if they're suites when they're as bad as this). If it didn't have great views from its so so restaurant atop the hill it would be no better than a roadside dumper. The Travelodge crowd should (and obviously does) love it.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful! Delightful resort! I was just sorry that I was here for business and could only stay one night. I hope to come back one day with my husband for a thoroughly relaxing stay. Tastefully decorated, immaculate, excellent service, courteous staff, nice touches (a towel rolled up neatly at the end of every poolside lounge chair), excellent  reasonable restaurants (best margarita  salsa I've ever had), attractive and well kept-up health club, and pretty pools everywhere.Kudos to the management of this resort.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at Pointe Hilton from September 2 - September 6 for $89/night. Great place to stay. Our room was right by the Health Club/Pool. We ate at Pointe in Tyme and it was great. Spread out, but there are shuttle busses. Very busy on the weekends and parking is difficult. Can image in the summer it can be very busy with families. If travelling with kids, ask for room by the Fall Pool. If no kids, ask for room by one of the other pools. Even if you don't eat at at Different Point of View (we didn't) drive up to the restaurant and check out the view. Hotel is pretty central to many of Phoenix and the Valley sites. We are planning on going back. Hopefully soon!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TA_user_in_England
<Content>Lived up to expectations This was a good choice. I'd read the reviews on here and was expecting an older property, but well maintained and I wasn't disappointed. The suites were immaculately clean, as were the pool areas. Very good value at less than $100/night in August.Ate at the grill a couple of times and the food was good and the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skistopalms
<Content>Both pluses and minuses at Tapatio Cliffs... Sorry, but I cannot agree with the excellent ratings some have given this hillside property. On the plus side, the hillside European village layout of the property is charming, the pretty entrance and lobby have an upscale feel, the staff is friendly, caring and helpful (5-star quality!), and the suite-style rooms are spacious and clean -- except for patio furniture which was too dirty to use. But, the first room we were given smelled so overwhelmingly musty that we asked to be moved. Our 2nd room was better, but still had a bit of that musty smell, which the staff said comes from the A/C when a room is unoccupied for awhile. Our other disappointment was dinner at their La Cantina Mexican restaurant, where the cheese had an odd (cheap) imitation-cheese taste and texture. If you are traveling with children, then the water park and reasonably priced 2-room suites (we paid $104 on an August weekend) may override any other factors. But, if you're picky, as we are, Tapatio Cliffs Resort may not meet your expectations in all areas.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place We just spent 4 nights at the Pointe Tapatio and had a wonderful time with our 3 teenagers. Our room was quite away from the main swimming area but it actually was nice because it was so quiet. The staff offered us another room closer but we decided to stay where we were and glad we did. The work-out center pool (open to all) just outside our door was perfect. We had a wonderful view of the mountains and the nightly lightning storms. The entire resort staff was friendly and helpful. The food was certainly good but it was nice to have a car and enjoy other restaurants nearby.We purchased our trip package through Southwest Airlines and we couldn't of asked for a better place.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJTaylor
<Content>Great hotel, but... This is mighty unfair.....but we came here from The Hilton El Conqistador in Tucson and loved that so much that I can't give this full marks !However. great Falls pool area and fitness facilities and location nice, away from the urban sprawl that is Phoenix, whilst still only minutes away from downtown if required.On the downside, the rooms had external doors and the balconies were very poor, most facing parking lots and many with big brick walls obscuring view. We like to breakfast on our own patio/balcony when on vacation, but this was not possible at tapatio Cliffs.Very good.....but no El Conquistador !  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brockey
<Content>Very nice place to stay We stayed there August 22 .The hotel is very clean and lots of things to do. When we arrived they had us way on top of the hill. We ask for another room closer to the adult pool and the gave us a great room. The grounds are lovely. They also have a little gift shop that opens at 5:30 for a quick breakfast you can take back to your room...cereal, muffin and coffee.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time with the Family We stayed at this resort July 12-15 and absolutely loved it. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. There are plenty of pools and they were never very crowded. The rooms were clean and spacious and the Pointe in Tyme restaurant had great food and excellent service. This is definately a place to take your kids.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grram1
<Content>Top notch family resort! This is a great place to vacation! The standard room is an embassy-suite style standard suite (separate bedroom/living room areas, nicely decorated and very comfortable). The staff if very friendly. The grounds are beautiful and there's tons of stuff to do! This is the most kid-friendly resort we've ever been to... there are free activities throughout the day for the kids and on Saturday nights they have a free pool side dive-in movie, there are about 8 pools, a water slide, and water falls and fountains located throughout. The kids get a free welcome gift. The only drawbacks are the cost of food (although this is typical of these types of properties), and parking is a bit of a hassle... but you can valet for the cost of a tip if you chose. They could use a few more strategically placed elevator too (depending on your room location you can be in for a bit of a walk if you need to use the elevators). Overall this was a great experience, and given the great deal we got through Hotwire at $75/night it was pretty amazing!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for families This is a great place to stay in the summer if you have kids. You can get a great rate (I think ours was $79) and the pools are fun. They also have daily activities for the kids. We asked for a room in the main hotel because walking from the outer rooms to other parts of the resort can be a challenge due to steep inclines. This is an older resort so the decor is outdated and nothing fancy, but we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2kids2dogs
<Content>Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort We stayed here for two nights June 25-26, 2004. We got a great rate through Hotwire. Earlier in the week we stayed at the sister hotel, the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peake. The suites looked identical, however, the couch in the living area at this hotel did not convert to a bed as it did in the other hotel. This made our sleeping arrangements with the children very difficult. In addition, 'children eat free with a paying adult was adverstised, but did not apply to all the restaraunts on the grounds. We were unaware of this policy until the check came at the end of our meal. The pools were nice but not anything special compared to the water park at the Squaw Peake resort. The pool deck was crowded and we were unable to find even one lounge chair for our towels, etc. I think this resort is not as child-friendly as the Squaw Peake and would not stay here again with kids.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>Nothing Exciting Stayed here for one night before moving over to The Phoenician. While not bad, it certainly lacks many of the finer qualities of the area's better establishments (Four Seasons, Phoenician, Fairmont Scottsdale Princess). Located in a so so area of North Phoenix. The room itself had a popcorn ceiling and poorly textured walls. It struck me that if 6 Motel ever decided they wanted to go resort style this would be the place that they would open up. The comforter and bedding, as well as the entire interior, were all standard Hilton - nothing to connote the southwest (the comforter was a loudy itchy green floral print). The wash basin was also located in the bedroom (not in the bathroom) which struck me as odd and does not help matters when one person is an earlier riser than another. View = My wife and I were given a view which overlooked a parking lot and other peoples balconies. It's a good 20 minute drive to the center of Scottsdale (if you're looking to dine at one of the many fine dining spots in the Scottsdale area). While not bad for families looking to save a little, it is not the luxurious resort for which it bills itself. And it is far, very far, from being even one of the top 5-6 resorts in the area.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to go w/teenagers! What a wonderful resort! Rooms and property very clean and well maintained. So many pools to choose from (8), the restaurants are very good, service was excellent at the 2 we ate at. And not at all crowded when we went, first week in June. High temps yes, but when you are from the midwest and mega humidity, dry heat is no big deal! We went to Squaw Peak one day to check out their pools, it was crowded and lots of little kids. Our two teens loved where we stayed, we were steps away from the family pool and the waterfalls village. There is a Target, Starbucks, groceries etc a quick zip down the street(you will need a car, nothing w/in walking distance). We bought bottled water and a cheap cooler, better than purchasing from the hotel, and you will drink lots. Just can't say enough good things, we all really enjoyed our 5 night stay!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect stay!!!!! I loved this Mediterranean style resort. The water areas were beautiful, the rooms were very comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the spa was amazing. The restaurant at the top of the cliff was amazing with live music and a flawlessly prepared meal. Every course was delicious, the view and the patio outside the restaurant were exquisite, and the staff was perfectly trained. After extensive traveling I have to say this is one of the most romantic and charming hotels out there!!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PSUDanO
<Content>Excellent Resort Experience Accommodations:4 *Service:4 陆 *Food Service:4 *Facilities4 *The Hilton Tapatio Cliffs is a 4 star + hotel/resort. I have not enjoyed a comparable-quality hotel stay, Priceline or not, for the last two or three years. The facility, while not new, is well maintained and clean (on Saturday I watched janitors clean the men鈥檚 room by the pool 5 times in 3 hours). The level of service is excellent to outstanding鈥攖he two or three 鈥渘ot so happy鈥?staffers were by far the exception rather than the rule. The pool areas offer a wide variety of clean, well-maintained facilities satisfying both adults and their kids. And the food service throughout the resort is excellent.Tips:1. If you can swing it, ask for a room in the Hidden Valley area鈥攖hat鈥檚 closest to the Falls Village pool area, and it puts you a couple of stairways away from the Hidden Valley pool鈥攇reat when you get sick of lots and lots of kids.2. The Concierge staff here is excellent and straightforward鈥攜ou can rely upon their advice. They also have a list of bonded babysitters whom they can recommend to you.3. If you can afford it, try Different Pointe of View鈥攖he restaurant is awesome for its view and cuisine. If dinner is too much for your wallet, they have an outside lounge where you can get a drink and an appetizer.This is a great choice to get a real 鈥渄esert鈥?experience while being close to PHX and Scottsdale. A Keeper!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aurie1020
<Content>Wonderful Stay! My husband and I just returned yesterday (6-7-04)from Tapatio Cliffs resort and had a wonderful time. The Falls Village water park was GREAT! It seemed like there were pools/Jacuzzis everywhere! The resort and rooms were very clean. Request a room by the falls if you plan on doing lots of swimming, otherwise you may have to walk a bit. Also, we went to Walgreens and purchased a small cooler and bottled water for a fraction of the price you would pay on the resort. You definitely need to drink LOTS of water with the high temp. Everyone at the resort was extremely helpful and friendly. The food there was great...a bit pricey but very good. There were some wasps outside of our room so we called to have them removed. They were very quick to respond to our concern and removed them promptly. I would have to give the resort a high rating and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding We just returned from a fantastic 4 nights at Tapatio. We were very pleased with the suite, the grounds, the numerous pools, and the dining. We never had a bad meal. My wife and I were on our first trip to Arizona after many trips to Mexico in search of sunshine. The shock of not going all inclusive hit us a little, but we were still extremely pleased with our stay there. (There's just something about getting to your destination and never having to open your wallet again!!)We also took advantage of going to their sister resort Squaw Peak, but were not as impressed with that site. We are already planning our next trip to Tapatio!!** One note..... it is not close to anything, so plan on renting a car during your stay, if you want to see any of the surrounding area!  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Stay in April 2004 We went to Phoenix for our grandchildren's baptism. We selected the Point Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort because of other reviews that I read on this site. I asked for everything that the other readers suggested...for example..... a room with Falls View, (overlooking the Falls pool). We also rented a cabanna at the pool so that the babies would be able to stay all day. It was well worth the $100 for the day. I think the pool side cafe was a bit expensive. The hotel does not allow you to bring your own drinks or food into the pool area. We did stop at a Walgreens and purchased bottled water for our room. Overall, the property was very nice and we'd probably stay there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay but Squaw Peak has the edge... Stayed at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs May 6-11, 2004 for the first time. The suite was spacious and immaculate. Loved relaxing by the pool at The Falls as did my kids (ages 5 and 8). The slide is a blast. The food and drinks we ordered poolside were fine. There are an unusually high number of bees by the pool, so beware. The hotel is not in the nicest part of Phoenix. Driving from the Skytop airport to the hotel was depressing. Thankfully the hotel is very nice for a few days of relaxation. Visited the sister property, the Squaw Peak, and would have stayed there had we known. In short, everything was better (location, appearance, pool, the mini golf on premises, the tubing down a lazy river, the kids). If you're looking for a more relaxing time go to Tapatio, but if you're travelling w/kids, do the Squaw Peak.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must read if you are considering this Resort After reading the other reviews, I felt I must submit. We have stayed at this resort 3X in the past 10 years. Our most recent to celebrate our 10th Anniv, incorporating a family vacation. The grounds are fabulous. Our room was cliffside with a view of the Presidential Pool on one side  panoramic view toward the west from our bedroom. I do feel the rooms are overpriced - the resort is beginning to show it's age - but I would still go back and always look for a good deal. Older people or anyone who is not physically fit should demand a Main Building room - the resort grounds will be a challenge otherwise. Getting around in your auto and parking are obnoxious - but unique and should be approached without expectations! I love a Diff Pte of View - however, not a family restaurant! My 17 yr old son could not find anything on the menu that appealed to him and the expert service made him uncomfortable. Very, very pricey, but my meal was fab.In a nutshell, this resort has something for everyone - romantic or family oriented. The Resort Golf Course is one of the best that we golfed, so do not disregard as an option.I agree with most of the reviews that if you can eat somewhere else - do it. It is very expensive at this resort (BLT poolside is $12 with automatic 18% tip)  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ltp_tango
<Content>Better Places to Stay in Phoenix I stayed here in the summer of 2003 because a friend had a free voucher. Visitors to Phoenix and Scottsdale, please note: there are MANY, much better resorts to stay at than this one. This is an old property, with some maintenance problems. The water features are nice, but just average for Phoenix. This resort is kind of far from most tourist attractions, etc. For the money (about $100 a night from Memorial Day to Labor Day), try the JW Marriott Desert Ridge (which is a beautiful new resort in north Phoenix). All of the Phoenix and Scottsdale resorts have water features and most have golf courses, too, so shop around. It is a buyer's market with resorts in Phoenix during the summer.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelChicago
<Content>Liars!!!!!! After looking thoroghly at the website and review my family and i were expecting an amazing resort. We were WRONG!!!! The drive up to the resort was nice, lush and tropical. The taxi let us off and we had to drag out luggage into the lobby where we were greeted by a maid. The FD was nice but put us in a room 1 mile away from everything after a constant request to be in the main building do to my sons knee injury. We were then left to find our room dragging our luggage (no bell boys). Our room (pool view) ended up being a low floor room next to an airconditioner with a view of a bush. Then after demanding another room they moved us to a 1/2 way decent room near the lobby and the adult only pool. The room was narrow and no where near the suite size advertized online. The decor was tacky and cheap looking the bedroom area was so small you could barely fit through. The bathroom go so steamed up during a showee that you couldnt breathe.The water park was awfull it was a small pool with a waterfall nothing fun and it was so overrun with little noice kids we stayed for 15min and went to the adult pool. My kids were (15)(13) were depressed. The next day we left for scottsdale and stayed at the four seaons and loved it.STAY AWAYWere ritz people we made and error hope you dont  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation except for the bee's My family and I had a good time. We loved the suites, they are comfortable and clean. The pools were wonderful, also clean!!!The trouble we had is when we checked in we noticed on the balcony above was a bee's nest, and swarming bee's. We called 3 times for someone to take cake of it. No one responded in over 2 hours. We were finally moved.I also don't recommend the Mexican resteraunt. We waited over an hour for our meal, no one seemed to care. And when the food came it was cold.Overall we had a GREAT time. And I'll go back again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LydsNJ
<Content>Great vacation at Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs We just got back from a 5 night stay at Tapatio Cliffs. We were able to check in at 10:00 am which gave us a full day at the hotel, rather than checking in at 4:00pm. I had requested a cliffside room and was a little disappointed when we were assigned a room at the Falls. After seeing our room location I was very happy. Our room overlooked the family pool and we had easy access to the restaurants, lobby and the Falls Pool. Being Hilton Honors members we were entitled to 2 bottles of water, use of the workout room at no extra charge (which we actually didn't use because it was a hike from our room), 2 vouchers for breakfast worth $11. 95 each day, and a 1:00 checkout (instead of noon). I agree that the rooms could use some updating such as the carpet and comforters, but they were clean and well maintained. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The grounds are beautiful, we hiked the nearby mountains (there is one beginner trail and two moderate-experienced trails). It was noisy at night because children were still at the family pool at 10:30 pm playing Marco Polo but that was the only real negative. Would definately return.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the resort, rooms mediocre at best My family just returned from a week at The Pointe. The pools and the views we all loved especially my six year old. He had a blast. I enjoyed walking around the huge resort. We took SO MANY PICTURES. The Pointe is clean and the pools are abundant and beautiful. The location is great, close to Scottsdale (we went there a few nights for dinner). I was a little disappointed with our room however. I'm really ease to please I usually never complain but we had a running toilet that I had to call about several times. I also didn't love our view. We overlooked a parking lot. The room itself had a bizzare layout and I would rate the actual room medicore. However, the resort, the views, the pools, the lobby, etc etc made the weakness of the room go away. The pools are great for families. In short here is what you should stay away from @ The Pointe and here is what you should enjoy. Don't go to there Mexican restaurant. It is a poor man's sequel to Taco Bell and it is pricey. You should order lunch at The Falls (poolside), It is pricey but it is good and the service it great. You should drive up to a Different Point of View (Restaurant at the top of the Cliff (great views) take a view pictures up there. Everyone goes to The Falls (we did most of the week BUT the secret here is to go to the Family Pool. It is less crowded and it is beautiful. Try to get a room in the Cliffside or Mountainside area.. Don't get a room near the falls unless you want to overlook a parking lot and have your toilet running throughout your stay. In summary it was a lot of fun and I would go back. I would follow my own advice though. If you have kids who love fun in the sun this is a great place to get some r  r. Outside of the resort make sure you hit a place called Rawhide. It is a hoot (old western town we did there cookout and enjoyed the steakhouse.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kadie28
<Content>A great ACCESSIBLE getaway We recently spent 4 nights at the Tapatio Pointe Hilton Resort. It's a great place for kids and adults alike. There were days we wanted to spend at the resort itself (it has 8 pools - 4 small/fairly private with hottubs and 4 large with hottubs, 2 at the water park, one large family by the lobby and one large adult only pool with bar access). The resort has hiking within walking distance, stables next door and an award winning golf course. The food was tremendous though pricey as you would expect from hotel restaurants. They have a morning brunch that's DELICIOUS! The views, the hiking, the restaurants (four that I remember), the service, and the pools make it a memorable trip. It's also conveniently located - close to the airport, and almost all of the baseball stadiums are within 25 minutes drive. Scottsdale is close enough to visit and have lunch/dinner there as well. The Zoo and Botanical Gardens are about 25 minutes away and the travel is beautiful by Camelback. I would recommend a stay here to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic My college age daughter  myself spent a 3 day weekend in March 2004. Lovely property. Especially enjoyed the adult only pool, with great food and service poolside. Found conceige to be very helpful with directions for shopping. Also, took advantage of the on-site spa. Would recommend!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it I stayed in the Pointe Hilton in Fall 2002. The rooms were comfy, reallly big remembering me rather on suites in other hotels (two rooms). Besides enjoying my stay only because it was phoenix I really spent several evenings at the hotel just chilling and relacxing because of its beauty, tidyness and above average service. And, folks, remember to visit the pointe-view restaurant. It has a terrific, well :-), view over Phoenix.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5th time here!! This is our 5th visit to a Pointe in Phoenix - 3 to Squaw Peak and 2 to Tapatio Cliffs. Reading some of the other reviews might make me choose a different location. But some of the reasons we choose this again and again are the very reasons why others disliked it. To each his own, I guess. We love the fact that this resort is on a cliff side - you can go any city and stay in a hotel that has rooms side by side down a hallway with an elevator. This one has meandering walkways and driveways with various sized buildings scattered over the side of the mountain. We actually stayed quite close to the Falls pool but took 1-2 walks everyday just to explore the grounds - my kids loved it and we went a different direction everytime. The kids were never bored there - lots of activities or just playing in the water. We have recommended this place to over 10 families over the years and all have loved it. Also, be sure to visit the pool at Squaw Peak - more of a 'water park' and quite busy - but again, the kids will love it! True, the prices aren't cheap, but we always go over spring break - the prices aren't cheap anywhere Phoenix - but that is what you have to pay to get out of the snow! Mini-bars are what you would expect in any hotel - if you don't want to pay for them, don't use them! Pools are all for no additional charge. The only resort charge is for the fitness center and tennis courts. We used both of these everyday - well worth the $9 per room fee! Restuarants are typical hotel cost and quality. Again - what were you expecting? We ate breakfast there everyday because we were anxious to get to the pools and activities for the day. At night, we generally chose to go off-campus and experience someplace else. Phoenix is not so big a town that you can't drive to very nice places within a short time - and while you are driving it gives you the chance to see the rest of the city. If you want to be pampered - choose one of the $400 per night luxury hotels. If you want to have a great family vacation and experience a unique location in Phoenix with something for everyone to do, choose the Pointe at Tapatio Cliffs.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic and an Excellent Place to Stay My husband (boyfriend at the time of our trip) and I stayed at the Cliffs and loved every minute of it. We were there during March, which is a very slow time of the year due to the cooler weather, but we didn't mind that when we came from snow. We rarely saw anyone else and felt like we had the entire place to ourselves! It was so romantic and we had a great time! Like any other hotel, you're better off finding local places to eat and to stop off at the grocery store for snacks and beverages. It was a wonderful place to stay!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but too pricey We stayed over a long weekend the end of January. I agree with others who rate this resort as average. Our room was nice with views, but it was a long walk to get to the lobby, restaurants and golf. Because the resort is build on a hillside, we had to walk down numerous stairs and take and elevator in an adjacent building. Finally, we just drove to save time. The restaurants are very pricey with mediocre food. I was charged $6.50 for a margarita in a plastic cup and a simple lunch cost us $35 with tip. We recommend you eat out. One reviewer mentioned El Bravo at 8338 7th street and we tried it. Modest decor, but very good food (we eat a lot of Mexican). A local took us to another place nearby called Via Delosantos (9120 N. Central) that was also very good and lots of fun. Margaritas are $2 and better than at the Hilton. The dinner for three was cheaper than a tuna sandwich lunch at the Hilton. If you like Mexican, both are very good.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed at Tapatio Cliffs over the Christmas holiday. Rooms were spacious, well maintained and clean. Service was excellent from front desk to bell boy to pool staff. Location of room was great. Parking was tight. Would highly recommend this location to anyone with children. Our kids, age 9 to 5, enjoyed it thoroughly.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joncro
<Content>Pleasant Stay Room looked and smelled great. We could park right outside. Had an excellent meal at the grill. Not much in the way of views though and you'd better be in good shape to get up and down the hills. Would recommend.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but average I stayed here recently in mid-October and got a very good deal on a business government rate. The room was very spacious, the resort itself quite pleasant. However, if I had had to pay standard commercial rates, I would have to rate this property simply average for an advertised luxury resort. The newer resort hotels in nearby Scottsdale have far more to offer than the Pointe Hilton, particularly to adults traveling without children. The front desk here seemed a bit understaffed; I had to wait nearly 20 minutes to hand in my room key and get an updated bill receipt. The restaurant is pleasant, but nothing special, with eager to please staff actually becoming a bit intrusive to several business meetings. In spite of having a room with large wet bar and counter with bar stools, there was no microwave, small refrigerator or any other kitchen type amenities to make use of the expansive space for potential entertaining or snack preparation. This is a very good spot for families with children, especially given the pools and water recreation facilities. For business travelers or adults without children, there are nicer places for the same price or less.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Getaway Selected this resort as a freebie using my Hilton Honors points....wished I would have selected a different resort. Nice, quiet place, clean, friendly staff, good amenities, but no better than the average hotel chain. We encountered air conditioner problems and had to report the problem three times before it was fixed. Tips for the traveler.....ask for a room close to the lobby or the Falls Pool Area if you plan on using that pool and do not want to drive to the pool. The rooms that are higher in number, i.e. 5000, 6000 are very high up on the mountainside and a long way from the large pool area....rent a cabana by the Grotto pool - $35 well spent for the day if it is very hot and sunny....El Bravo Mexican Restaurant located on same street as resort (south of) is a diner-like restaurant but has the best Mexican food I've ever tasted....go to Wal-Mart about 10 minutes north of the resort and buy your own bottled water and snacks....wake by 6:00 in the morning and head out for a hike on the trail accessible by the tennis courts. Absolutely beautiful and not too hot in the morning. We saw coyote on two different mornings.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CNorm
<Content>A pleasant resort Just returned from a too short 3-night stay at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs with my 3 sisters. It's a lovely and pleasant resort which, at first, seems daunting from the site map the front desk provides at check-in. However, that turned out not to be the case at all. It was actually quite easy to get around this spread out resort, which has many pools (there is a main one with waterfalls and a slide) and hot tubs. And depending on the time of year you go, you may find a pool all to yourself. The resort is set up like a small community, where you park your car (you will need a car to get around as the resort is not walking distance to anything...Scottsdale shopping is a 25-minute drive away, as are good restaurants) in front of your room. The rooms are comfortably furnished in a tasteful southwestern theme. We ate at 2 of the 4 restaurants on the property, i.e. the most affordable ones, where the prices were quite fair. We did not venture into the 2 most expensive ones. Since 2 of us are very into working out, it was well worth the $9/day (not per person, but per room) for use of the well-equipped fitness center. We did encounter a minor problem in our room (which we only realized when we went to take showers before heading out to dinner the 1st night) which resulted in a room change. But the staff was extremely accommodating (including extra blankets, pillows and towels) and made the change right away. I am not one to complain just b/c something went wrong at a hotel/resort. As long as the problem is quickly and properly rectified, the property did its job. Not every room can be perfect all the time. A quick note: Sedona was only a 90-minute drive from the Tapatio Cliffs. Go there...very well worth the trip. Simply beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paola22
<Content>Unforgettable My family and I stayed at this property in the middle of August during on of the hottest weeks and we loved it. The most enjoyable day was when we rented the cabana and stayed poolside all day. The prices in the restaurant were pricey but expected as this is rated a 4 star resort. The only thing i would have done differently is insisted on a room with a view of the falls (where your room overlooks the falls pool). I learned a lot about this resort before I went by reading other guests experiences on tripadvisor and am greatful for their suggestions. The staff at the resort is very helpful and the Pointe Hilton at Squaw Peak is defintely also a must see. We enjoyed a couple days at that resort as well as visitors and were welcomed by all.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frugal1
<Content>Beware of scorpions Watch your children, our 4 yr old daughter was stung by a bark scorpion in our suite. Perhaps the hotel should give guests a precaution list when checking in. The emergency dept at the local hospital where she was treated said this hotel has alot of scorpion incidents. After spending the whole day in the hospital the hotel did not compensate us and even charged us for the daily resort use fee we were unable to use. The security dept was very helpful and curtious, but front desk manager was hardly understanding.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super pool, super room, super view We read other reviews and requested suite near Sunset Pool. Got suite on fourth (top)floor near elevator only 40 steps away from pool. Balcony view of city lights. Suite was perfectly clean, carpet, furnishings, bar area, all smelled clean. The bathroom was small but pristine, wash basin in room. The bed was very comfortable. Pillows also good. Sunset Pool small and clean, with heated whirlpool and lots of lounge chairs. Other pools walking distance away. Parking tight since whole place built on hill. Ten minutes from Scottsdale and cornicopia of restaurants. Rooms quiet and peaceful day and night. I paid 99 a night, very happy for the money.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of a disappointment... The property is suprisingly grand. The rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. Unfortunately, our stay didn't go as smoothly as we would have liked. First, the Front Desk left a message saying that the water was going to be shut off at 10am the next morning. Instead of 10am, it would have made more sense to shut off at noon (check-out time) so the guests wouldn't have to worry about not having water in the morning. Then, on the morning of my departure, the hotel turned off the AC without notifying me. The thermostat in the room read close to 85 degrees! Despite of those issues, Tapatio Cliffs had one of the nicest pool areas for a resort.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigbucksfan
<Content>Great Place, Great Service My daughter and I stayed here for five nights in April. The hotel and grounds were beautiful and the service and staff were wonderful from check-in to check-out. My experience with their service and staff (very important to me as a single Mom): I was a little concerned because I had gotten a great rate on Priceline, however at check-in no mention or attitude whatsoever of Priceline, the rate, etc. The young lady that helped us asked if I had a HiltonHonors card and noted it on the reservation -I didn't get any points for the stay, but they did provide a couple of free bottles of water. She also explained and gave me the OPTION of paying for the $9 (I think) day resort charge for use of the fitness area, tennis courts, etc. As we were only planning on using the pools we did not have to pay. Best of all she gave us a great room in the building directly behind a main parking lot, very close to the Falls pool, main building, etc. Upon reaching our room and unpacking I called housekeeping to report a burnt out light bulb and to request a new air filter. The light bulb arrived within 15 minutes and the air filter was changed within about 2 hours! I thought that the daily housekeeping did a great job. Most days my daughter and I hung out at the pools and then went exploring (Scottsdale) in the evenings. Service at the main pools was always good, helpful and friendly. A few times they refilled our lemonades without charging. Additionally, the last day we were there we hung out at one of the smaller pools (the Sunset Pool is the best) and ordered room service for lunch, which was delivered quickly. Two other notable experiences -the last evening we were there I contacted the concierge desk to request to use their business office to check-in online for our return flights the next day. The office closes at 6:00 pm, but they told me that I could see the concierge anytime and he could let me in. He did so around 7:30 pm and made sure that I got connected and then left us -just told me to shut and lock the door behind me. (I'm not sure if there was supposed to be a cost...but I wasn't charged anything). And finally, upon return from dinner at a wonderful Italian restaurant (recommended by the same concierge) I decided to take my daughter up to the Different Pointe of View restaurant for dessert (I had read about their Bananas Foster). It was very late when we arrived and they were obviously winding down for the night... I was expecting to get a polite sorry, too late especially for a request for just dessert, with a child (low $). The maitre'd told us that certainly we could have dessert and we could sit anywhere we liked (there's a wall of windows that overlooks the city). He and the staff then set-up the entire routine to prepare the bananas foster (it's done table-side). My daughter loved it. The price wasn't cheap...but I wasn't expecting it to be. And considering the service we received it was worth every penny.The resort itself is beautiful and well-maintained. I would recommend walking around to the different pools to see the views. The hike on the hill was also fun and interesting. Small note-we drove over to their sister property (Squaw Peak) to check out the water park. For me it seemed a little too amusement park-ish (great for kids) and the actual rooms/buildings seemed to be sprawled out, not as intimate as Tapatio Cliffs.We will definitely try and go back soon.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valleykat
<Content>Great Summer Rates Family Friendly We stayed one night in late June, 2003, at the Tapatio Cliffs. Like a previous reviewer, our room which I booked from their on-line site, was less than $90, a super rate for this quality of a place. We arrived early and were able to check in no problem. Based on some reviews I had read, we requested a room near the Falls pool, as we expected to spend most of our time there. We were given a room next to the Family pool, a good location with a short walk to the Falls pool, but we were unfortunately stuck in a corner room with no view, front or rear. That was the only negative aspect of our stay, and since we only stayed one night, it was not a big deal. I would recommend a cliff's room unless walking is really a hardship. Many of them are still convenient to the Falls pool and the views are very nice. The room was very spacious and accomodated our family of five nicely; there was even comfortable seating for all of us to watch TV together in the living area; a rare thing in these suite rooms from my experience. I was most impressed with the beds. They were by far the most comfortable hotel beds I have slept in and the pillows were cozy down.The Falls pool was great, not too crowded on the Thursday we stayed. There were plenty of lounge chairs which was a problem we encountered at the Hilton in Sedona later on our trip. It was over 100 degrees outside, but as long as you took a dip every so often, it was comfortable as there was a nice breeze, and the temperature of the Falls pools was refreshingly cool due to the waterfalls. I think the hilly location of this resort, as opposed to the nearby Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, gives the Tapatio Cliffs an advantage. The drinks at the pool were too costly for our budget, but they have ice water available throughout the pool area at no charge. For younger families, there were free activities for kids adjacent to the Falls pool every hour on the hour, like arts and crafts, hula hoop contests, a visit from a local zoo, etc. There were also ping pong tables, foose ball, and a basketball court for older kids. They had a special summer package which included a free gift for the kids, a free Icee, and a bargain room service dinner offer, among other things. We had pizza, chicken wings and a liter of soda delivered to our room for only $19.99. We walked the entire resort in the evening so my daughter could put her foot in each of their 8 pools. My husband and son took an early morning hike on their hiking trail. Even though they charge for late check-out, their check out time is not until 12 pm so we were still able to enjoy a couple of hours at the pool before we left on Friday. I highly recommend the Tapatio Cliffs for a family stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel I know that this hotel has plenty of good reviews, but I have to give it an average rating for a few reasons. My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 6/27/03 to 6-30-03. We wife and I stayed in a two room suite the first night and upgraded to a presidential suite the last two nights. The grounds are beautiful, the rooms are nice and the pools are great. However, the presidential suite was not as luxurious as we thought. The room was the same style as our regular room from the fist night, only bigger. I don't think this should be labeled as a presidential suite. We also came across a few bugs in our presidential suite. However, the staff was extremely helpful in accommodating us for our inconvenience. I don't think that I would stay here again due to the fact that there are many other hotels that I have not tried in the area.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otterco
<Content>Nice place to stay, great pools, but bring your wallet!   showReview(1107721, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Breadhead1
<Content>Great Place   showReview(1077762, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific for Teens   showReview(988860, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice place for couples and families   showReview(985350, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun place   showReview(985054, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, expansive and friendly!   showReview(922532, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort   showReview(915025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fantastic Resort   showReview(834639, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gypsycaboose
<Content>A great getaway   showReview(739645, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>desert paradise   showReview(342881, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JumboHamburg
<Content>Tolle Lage in den Bergen   showReview(10247165, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

