<Author>My4AtlBoys
<Content>Took Care of My Parents I was very appreciative for the care the team at the El Palacio in Miami, FL demonstrated with my elderly parents during their stay. My parents are not seasoned travelers and were a bit apprehensive about making the trip for a family member's funeral. Because of the wonderful assistance they received every time they left and returned to the hotel, they had a much easier time utilizing and enjoying all the amenities offered by the El Palacio and surrounding area. It helped make a difficult time a little easier.The El Palacio staff contacted me with questions or concerns to help make sure my parents got all the benefits of a quality stay. I would highly recommend them to anyone traveling to the area! They have a great location (near the stadium and race course) and easy access in and out of the property near retail, services and restaurants.Thanks for the care El Palacio - we'll be back!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>geastburn
<Content>nice place It's really nice for the price. I was nervous seeing the negative comments. We stayed because of the proximity to the Stadium. we walked to the game. they had a small problem with the reservations, but fixed it. our room was nice, microwave, fridge. Thess was great at front desk, Chris the bar manager was also. some of the staff though is not too helpful. they won't give you change, won't help with the internet. Overall, if we were going to another dolphins game, we would stay here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>mbrady1207
<Content>Will never return This hotel was a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! We needed a hotel close to the Dolphin Stadium and chose El Palacio. We wish we had decided to drive to the stadium instead (which is what you must do anyway). When we arrived, the staff was extremely unhelpful in finding my reservation, which, after 30 minutes of pleading to find it, they found on their fax machine. Next, the room was musty, dirty, wet in the bathroom, the a/c was not working properly and never got cold, the shower had NO pressure, and just not what I paid $165 for! After going to the game for a short while, we returned to the hotel to eat at their hotel restaurant and bar. It was 9:45 and the restaurant was posted as being open until 10:30 (the reason we returned to the hotel to eat). Unfortunately, the lights were out in the restaurant and I found out they had closed because there wasn't enough business. So, we went up to the room to order pizza. I tried to make a local call, only to be told I would need to leave a $75 deposit and the clerk did not know how much a local call would cost me. I finally just decided to go to bed. We needed extra linens for our four year old to sleep on the floor. We were given a sheet. No pillow, no blanket. When we asked for more, we received a pillow. We gave up at that point. We are seasoned travellers and stay in MANY hotels around the country and the world. To say the least, we were extremely unsatisfied in this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>meganmk
<Content>Had a great time at El Palacio! We recently stayed at El Palacio and love the hotel. We selected this hotel based on it's distance from Dolphin Stadium since we were going to a game there. Let me just say, it was PERFECT. The hotel is clean and had friendly staff. Our room had a fridge and microwave and a balcony that faced the pool and the stadium. The hotel also has a sports bar/restaurant on the top floor. We didn't have a chance to check it out, but fellow 'fans' told us that it's the place to be before/after the games, etc. They have a great pool that I believe was about 8 or 9 feet deep! They also have a mini-golf course, basketball courts, fitness room, and more. There's lots to do, this is beyond your normal hotel. We loved it there and will definitely be back, whether we have tickets to the game or not! :) Thanks again to Joanie, for helping us with our reservations.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peridanae
<Content>Hotel was extremely uncomfortable, dingy, and well not worth the money. The hotel was very uncomfortable. The rooms have a foul smell and the bed linen is extremely too small for the mattress. The third floor carpet smell as if it had not been cleaned in years. We begged for a room change and was only told the rooms was previously assigned and room changes was not an option. However after meeting with the unfriendly owner, we were assigned another room only because we were refused a refund and not allowed to check out early. (Family Reunion Contract) Please do not expect an upgrade. The Priority Club Floor located on the 8th floor and has a wonderful view but dingy comforters. Don't waste your time. Try pulling bed sheets all during the night.....  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Travelworld42
<Content>OMG Everyone reading these comments should figure out that they must have been written by staff or management. Believe me, there is nothing Amazing, Incredible, or any other exaggerated adjective about this place. It is garishly designed and staffed by insufferable people. They will charge you a fee for the safe that is in your room whether it is used or not - and whether it is functional or not. So stupid. Just jack up the rate a few dollars and be done with it. The rooms are gross - beds are uncomfortable and outfitted with dirty sheets. The bathrooms are vile at the beginning of the stay and remain so throughout. I was at this hotel because a group of us went to a game and it is where they selected. Um...I would NEVER contemplate a return to this dump under any circumstance. I really hope you consider the strange postings others have made regarding this place and read between the lines. These fake posts make it sound like it is a Ritz-Carlton - even if it were a nice place - it would never be described in such a grandious fashion. If you do stay - please post a review verifying this so others do not have to endure.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>shorty1GEORGIA
<Content>Ivory Family Reunion at the El Palacio We had several issues to arise during the time of making our reservations, but, no matter what came up the staff at this wonderful hotel (especially Miss Joanie) handle the problem very professionally. After a 10 hour drive this beautiful hotel was a glorious site. There are no words to express how truly amazing it really is, the photos on their website doesn't do it justice. I have stayed at many hotels and the EL Palacio is the best ever. The entire hotal is very Clean, and overall well keep.My only regret is I did not get a chance to stay longer or use the pool ( if I could I would drive another 10 hours just for 1 more night). I like to thank the very courtesy staff at the front desk and the lounge area I just wish I had more room to mention them all so to keep from missing anyone a very big thank you toall. Maybe i will have another chance to visit Miami and I will be more than happy to stay at the El Palacio Sports Hotel  Convention Center. I also wanted to mention how quickly we were checked in and in our rooms without delay or any issues.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EdgarSGuatemala
<Content>If you are looking for cheap lodging My wife and I stayed there for a few days prior to take a cruise. We wanted the cheapest hotel we could find because we wanted to do some shopping. Our deepest fear was that it was going to be terrible so our expectations were very low and that helped our experience. The location is good, next to the shopping malls in Miami, we got around very easy. They have an OK free continental breakfast, however they have a buffet on Saturdays that costs $10, we were surprised that the breakfast had gotten better until they charged us. I felt it was too expensive for what we got. The room was OK, we had one with a view to the race track, however do not expect too much. The bathroom was not clean when we arrived and the safe was not working and they charged us a fee anyway. It was two or three dollars so we prefered not to do a big deal out of it. We had a a noisy room neighbors so that did not help. Do not expect much from the front desk. I asked for a wake up call and I am still waiting. However I have been in cheap hotels before and I can tell you this is not the worst, so if you are looking cheap and you are afraid that the place is going to be terrible do not be. You will live.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>vaquino1204
<Content>The Amazing Palacio Hotel the service was incredible. the employers where friendly, helpful, polite. They treated us with the upmost respect. They made me feel as if i was a million dollar customer. The hotel is lovely and amazing filled with activities for the whole family... I live in MIAMI and i come to the PALACIO HOTELS just to get away from home. On one of my visit I met one of the owners. The gentleman was very polite and well mannered. made sure i was in the best of hands. i would love to thank every body at the palacio hotel for making all my stays worth coming back  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RimaAthena
<Content>Stay in a Greco-Roman palace! I'm a mom, and I took my 2 children, 6years and 3 years of age to stay near the stadium for a boyscout event. I walked in with no reservations around dinnertime, and was given a room on the first floor. WHAT AN AWESOME EXPERIENCE!!! The room and bathroom were done almost entirely in marble, there was a jaccuzzi tub right in the room itself, not the bathroom, a new tv, telephones everywhere, wifi access, cofee maker, fabulous bed with soft blankets....... the room opened up onto it's own private porch, that then opened right onto the swimming pool. The pool is lined with greco-roman statues, and is georgeous! I got the kids dinner from the sports bar on the top floor...what a view!... and we dined like we were royalty in our own private greek villa. You'll love it!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrdia
<Content>The price is right, the hotel was spotless GREAT BARGAIN We arrived at the El Palacio a bit leery because the price was so right. The uneasiness disappeared as soon as we hit the front door. The front desk folks were very friendly the entire stay. Next we were very impressed with the room. We had a corner o n the 8th floor overlooking the Calder racetrack. What a view! The balcony was comfortable for evening and morning viewing., The room was spotless. The housekeeping did a great job every day.The sports bar on the 9th floor is huge. The food and drink are typical bar fare. Breakfast at $10 was OK. Same every day. Eggs etc. Did the job. The pool, putt putt and basketball court provide a nice diversion. I would stay here again. Close to Dolphin stadium. They run a shuttle for games.It is not the Hilton but neither is the price. It is a bargain. To the previous posters. There are bugs in tropical areas like florida. I however, saw not a one.Two thumbs up.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dhornick123
<Content>Phone Not Working For 4 Days, French Frie On The Floor And Roach Crawling On Bed Ask me if I would stay here again, I would have to seriously think twice about it. Our phone did not work the 4 days we were there. We found a french fry beside the bed. Then to top it off we had a roach crawling on the headboard......There were young adults partying next to us so we were unable to get a good night sleep the first night. We stayed Saturday through Tueseday. The party stopped Sunday evening. I spoke to the front desk about the phone not working the first night and then again on the third night. I spoke to the same person on the second attempt to get the phone fixed. When we went to check out I told the young lady who checked us out about the problems and her remark was,Oh my! There was no apologizing to us for the unsatisfactory items in our room. If for some reason I would have to stay here again I would inspect the room before excepting the room and I would make sure all the amentities worked properly.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Dollars1996
<Content>OK for leisure       The room was ok.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>powers112
<Content>Excellet Experience The El Palacio hotel was above and beyond my expectations. The staff is very professional and the rooms are in excellent condition; not to mention the fabulous view of Calder Race Course. I would recommend any visitors of the area to stay with this hotel, you won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiss1florida
<Content>Outstanding What a stay! It was awesome! The staff treated my family like royalty. Every staff member that we came across had a smile on their face. We had a large family of 75 that was attending a wedding and had free time on our hands, the front desk staff offered suggestions of places to go to and local events in the area. Truly we felt great about the choice that we made for the wedding. Weddings are stressful however, the manager Frankie Diaz made sure that all of our needs were well met. He truly cared about our function and was at the property from morning to night taken time to greet customers, giving direction to the staff and taking care of setting up different functions. He always gave us time to chat with him and we never felt rushed even though we could see that he was very busy. Frankie addressed all my concerns with the location of my rooms, down to the food for our wedding. My wife鈥檚 family is very meticulous and was completely impressed with the hotel. As we mentioned prior that this location had many events taking place during the time we stayed and they were well handled, the Hotel Manager Frankie Diaz is a lead example of why the staff offers outstanding customer services.Our family was very happy with the cleanliness of the hotel and the overall service that we received. El Palacio is not a well, recognized brand however, living locally I heard that this property had changed of the past 2 陆 years and I chose to tour it and take the chance and it shows that this property has made great strides to perfection. I have small meetings from time to time and will keep Frankie on speed dial for the future.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SURFERDON
<Content>Its About The People I natural searched Miami Hotels and found this one because I am the consumate sports fan. This funky hotel that blends classic grecian statues and columns and gazillions of sports pix and memorabilia was an unusally pleasant surprise to me. All the sports stuff was great, especially in the sports bar. But what made this hotel memorable was the staff. For once, the staff cared, not pretended to care. They were real people that talked to you. For the cheap cost, I got better more down to earth service than any high filutin name brand hotel. It's a family run hotel...and it shows!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dolphinfaith_3
<Content>loved el palacio miami LOVED EL PALACIO SPORTS HOTELmy short weekend stay lodgin at miami el palacio sports hotel was indeed a great pleasure.......i stayed in room 305 and it was was excellent and clean...the staff was very friendly and always had a smile on they face.....i work at atlantis resort paradise island nassau, bahamas so i know how a hotel pose to be well kept and the staff pose to always blow away the guests with excellent service and thats exactly what the staff at el palacio sports hotel did to me during my stay there......i felt so relax and comfortable i almost thought i was home, thats how relaxing the hotel is.....the food is great too and prices not bad at all.......i came back home and told all my friends and family and coworkers that el palacio sports hotel is the hotel to lodge at.....i would gave the company 10 thumbs up for such a great job weel done. cant wait to be back at that hotel.LADY DOLPHIN  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevensuezq
<Content>Not so good Well we checked in and asked for a room over the track she said ten dollars more . i said okay , We got up to our room to notice a big tree blocking the track . We were there to see a ball game , but it would have been nice to see the track . When we got back from the game Monday at 1015pm Thought we would have a drink in the bar and get something to eat .because the surrounding area is not so great .bar closed already like is was not even opened at all . My wife saw a sign that said 50 percent off come visit our store the store was closed for months. At check out time they started banging things around in the hallway and then knocked on door at ten am . i got up and asked what time check out was she said 10 or 11 i said which was it 10 or 11 . Oh yeah the pressure in shower was very bad as well . Don't waste your time here.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Vito8190
<Content>What A Suprise We needed a place to stay for a few days while a roof was being put on our house, we did not want to spend a bunch of money. This is Great Place, we were suprised to find a hotel of this caliber at the price we paid. Quality, Value and Affordable. Friendly staff and super clean. Location is next to a big horse race track and Miami Dolphin Football Field.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jetset83
<Content>Very tacky, lousy for business travelers. This former Holiday Inn hotel leaves a lot to be desired. It seems that Holiday Inn sold the property to new owners and they have since done nothing to improve the function, quality, amenities, or value. It has been tastelessly decorated and otherwise left in disrepair. The website and general first impressions with all of the faux-marble statues and fountains, flags, trophies, big screen TV in the lobby, etc. made the place very tacky and tasteless-looking. The process of checking in on a Monday afternoon required 25 minutes to process my reservation. There was no line and the staff were not very apologetic, but rather were quite rude in telling me to 鈥淛ust wait a two seconds, dog.鈥?My reservation was actually lost, and the procedure of looking it up involved two employees thumbing through all kinds of paper folders- absolutely no computerized system! I鈥檝e checked into hostels in Eastern Europe faster than this. Finally, the staff found the reservation and gave me a key card which did not work at all in the door. So, another 15 minutes to get it re-magnetized.The room was freezing cold and musty-smelling. The door to the patio was jammed due to so much dirt and grit on the track. The King bed consisted of two beds pushed together. The bathroom water pressure was weak and the electrical outlet for the desk was not working, so charging my laptop had to be done elsewhere. Breakfast was hardly so, as it consisted of watery coffee and donuts purchased from a grocery store to be consumed with a plastic fork (??). My suggestion would be to find a Denny鈥檚 or something for a proper breakfast. There were many advertisements for dinner buffets posted around the property, but upon going to the 9th floor restaurant, we found it to be completely closed and dark with nobody to be found. This happened both nights. At least the bar was open for a couple of hours and beer prices were great ($1.50 for a pint of Amber Bock). But, no bar food to complement it. Not even chips. Popcorn machine out of order as well. Basically, this would be okay for convenience to sporting events at the stadium or horse track鈥攖hat is, if all you need is a roof and bed to crash into. For vacations or business trips, forget it and get a room at a comparatively-priced Comfort Inn or something instead.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>kahenry05
<Content>Pleasant Surprise.       The Pool  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B_Pope
<Content>Good location if you're a sports fan The reviews of this hotel made us approach a bit nervously, but we came wanting to give it a fair chance. Our room was booked online, and we stayed for 3 nights over Super Bowl weekend. The facility was adequate, and certainly not awful (no bedbugs, roaches, or problems mentioned in other reviews). But there were a number of little quirks, and a couple of big problems that may or may not have been the hotel鈥檚 fault. First, the quirks: Carpets (room and hallways) not terrible, but could use replacement. Low shower pressure. Bedside lamp and clock were unplugged, and the plug was behind the mattress, where they would get jossled loose repeatedly. Beds were of different heights鈥擨鈥檓 not sure why. Fitness room is only a few bikes and treadmills鈥攏o weights. None of these were big problems, but just little quirks. Now, about the bigger problems. We were surprised that we were charged a daily fee for an in-room safe, and a resort fee. Not that these fees were a lot, but we would appreciate knowing ahead of time. Second, we had no idea that the hotel had rented out the bar and restaurant to another company that was selling superbowl tickets and admission to their pre-game and during-game parties. Part of our attraction to booking this hotel was the possibility of watching the big game in their sports bar. We were shocked to find out that admission to the bar during the super bowl would be $400. They also had another $400 pre-game party. (We talked them down to $50 for the super bowl meal, which was admittedly a pretty good buffet.) Again, these issues may have been the fault of the company that rented the restaurant space, rather than the hotel itself. Lesson learned: Be sure to find out ahead of time whether a special event in the area makes a difference in the price of the hotel amenities. To sum up our review, El Palacio has the best location for sports fans, being the closest to Dolphin stadium. But if your Miami plans are more about beaches or other activities, you should stay in South Beach or somewhere else. And be sure to investigate thoroughly whether a special event in the area will affect the prices of meals, parking, and other amenities.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	2	

<Author>TravelerChriss
<Content>An odd name but a good value Located right next to the Calder Race Track and up the road from the Miami Pro Player football stadium, this hotel shows that you can't judge a book by its cover. From the outside, this building does not look like it would offer much for a hotel. It's painted in an odd dark pink color. There are statues like those from a Roman bath placed around the property. I booked a room for one night through an online service because the rate was decent and the posted reviews said that it was ok. When I arrived I was concerned that I made a mistake.Once inside, I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby welcomes you. The small front desk is clean and orderly, and I was helped immediately by a courteous man. Once inside the room, I found a clean space with a microwave, mini fridge and two queen beds. The bathroom looks like it was updated fairly recently. The air conditioner has an electronic thermostat, so it was easy to find a comfortable temperature.I wanted a hotel near the Ft. Lauderdale airport so I would not have to drive very far for my early morning flight. According to my GPS, the hotel is 14 miles from the airport. That's not exactly next door, but it was an easy drive.There are several restaurants about 0.5 miles north of the hotel. There is easy access to the Florida Turnpike. The hotel entrance is on County Line Road, and entrance and exit is only possible from the Eastbound lane. U-turns are not allowed at the County Line Road intersection heading west, so turn left (south) onto NW 27th Ave. (Unity Drive) and make the U-turn there.The hotel says that it has free wireless Internet access in all the rooms, but it did not work during my visit. My room was on the third floor. When I called the front desk to ask if there was a problem, it was suggested that I come to the lobby and use it. A practical alternative, but not the ideal solution at midnight.I booked the room through Bookit.com, which had the best posted rate available.The even-numbered rooms face the race track, and if you want to watch a race from your room, be sure that you are on at least the fourth floor to clear the trees. (CS)  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>GoDeacsWinston-Salem
<Content>Average at best We just returned from the Orange Bowl in support of Wake Forest University(Go Deacs). We chose the El Palacio because of its proximity to the Stadium. Great idea if that is all you want to do when in Miami. The El Palacio appears to be a converted Holiday Inn. The room was sufficient enough and the staff was very friendly. We arrived 3 hours before check in time on New Years Day and our room was ready and we were allowed to check in with no problems.If you are looking for nearby(within 5 miles) dining options, your choices are very limited. We were able to find a TGI Fridays and Red Lobster(would not have been our first choices) within 5 miles. Everything else in the area is fast food. You have to travel to the more affluent areas of Miami to get better dining options.Our stay was pleasant enough and the El Palacio a servicable hotel because our desires were limited to attending a football game. If you are looking for something more than just football or Calder Race Track(Horses) choose somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>DecaturDawg
<Content>Worst Experience Ever We chose this hotel due to it's great proximity to Dolphins Stadium. Hotel is reasonably clean and appointed, but the service was horrific.I reserved the hotel room and shuttle service to the Dolphins game online. Upon check in, the desk clerk indicated that I did not have a shuttle reservation and that they were full. I explained that I had reserved the shuttle online, she indicated that they didn't do shuttle reservations online. When I showed her my reservation confirmation that clearly indicated such, she was simply bewildered and said she was unaware of it. Another group of guests had the same problem and summoned the manager, who claimed the same ignorance. We were on our own.Fliers throughout the hotel advertised a dinner buffet (there aren't any other restaurants in walking distance, so this is your only option unless you drive elsewhere). A large group of football fans descended upon the restaurant only to find no buffet and no one to take any sort of menu orders - wait staff simply said they weren't working or said they would get to you later which never happened. When I asked the bartender for a bar rag to clear a table she was very rude and told me to go back to where I came from. Around 8pm, a buffet of brats, beans and potato salad was put out. There were only about 20 buns and all the food was gone in 20 minutes. Guests had to forage for silverware, napkins and condiments along with clearing their own tables. Folks finally took dirty silverware and washed it in the bathroom. The food wasn't bad. The bar was so backed up (but there weren't that many people) we just went back to our rooms. At about 11pm, the DJ started. We were on the 8th floor (the bar/restaurant is on the 9th floor) and the music was so loud it actually rattled the fixtures in our room. DO NOT accept a room on the 8th floor unless you plan on staying up until 1am.The breakfast situation was even worse than dinner. At 10am, the buffet was out of eggs and bacon. There was one server and he was completely overwhelmed. We could not get anything to drink - not even water. The manager from the night before finally got a pot of coffee and walked around with it, but most people couldn't even get coffee cups. He was rude and didn't even try to fix the problem. Scrambled eggs finally arrived around 10:30, but they were so undercooked that no one could eat them. It was horrible.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Marino14lane
<Content>Touchdown! Hotel staff I chose this hotel because of the close proximity to Dolphin Stadium. I was greeted by a smiling and helpful front desk staff. That attitude set the tone for my 2 day stay. The room was immaculate and the manager called my room personally to tell me that there was shuttle service available. The Dolphins lost but I was soon cheered up by the more than affable bar manager who after learning my love of wine showed me the great selection they have. After an excellent meal, I went for a swim and the pool was sparkling clean and well maintained. Never would I have thought I would be playing miniature golf , but after meeting some fellow Dolphin fans we had a lot of laughs at our lack of talent. The managers Frankie and Ed are always available and I can see why the staff is so efficient with management setting the example.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zhina
<Content>Clean, Fun and Different/Not all Family Reunions Are Bad When I got to the hotel it was so nice because it's decorated with alot of greek looking statues. My favorite was in the lobby because there are some giant chairs like for a king to sit. My family and I took turns taking pictures sitting on the chairs. I will say that that the place was crowded. I know that my family reunion was there along with some other reunions that were staying there. The staff at the front desk were nice, I felt bad for on of the ladies there though because another guest s was yelling at her, but it was nice to see that she finished with the other guest and was still able to smile and be nice to me. Another thing that bothered me was the way some of the people from the other family reunions were acting because since there were so many different families there, it made us all look bad. I mean there were people complaining about the hotel when they were the ones causing the problem. I like the hotel, we play mini golf and basketball. My kids and I even got in the pool before we left. I am planning on going back and staying there when we go down for Christmas break. I really like the hotel and my kids loves it. If you plan on visiting and have kids, pack up some energy cause you will need it between the mini golf, the basketball court, the pool and the game-room.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>samangual
<Content>More Than Pleased - It Was Great My only disappointment was not being able to say good-bye to the Hotel's Sales manager. I had to write them a letter as soons as I got back home because everyone there was just great. From the front desk clerks to the maintenance crew. Everyone was so nice. They always had a smile on their faces even when other guests were absolutely ridiculous. And trust me, quite a few guests were very rude. Their kindness made my days there most comfortable and enjoyable. Thank you El Palacio for a great time. I would recommend this hotel any day.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A vacation with bedbugs My family stayed at the El Palacio during a family reunion in Miami for 7/4/06. The first room we had had thick dust coming from the air conditioner, which caused my sister to have an asthma attack. We moved and the second room had bedbugs, which my sister discovered at 1:00 am. We went downstairs with the sheet and pillow case that the bugs were on and the desk attendant told us to find another hotel because he did not have anymore beds. After an hour of this, my sister, my daughter, and I decided to sleep in our rental car in the parking lot because we could not find a room at another hotel. The following day we spoke with a manager who insinuated that we bought the bugs with us, which was unacceptable since they were not in the first room and we are not unclean individuals. The third time they moved us we were supposed to have a complimentary room, but we were actually charged.The customer service in this hotel is terrible! My other family members had flying roaches in their room and the hotel did not spray nor did they move them to another room because that was the only handicap accessible room. The housekeepers did not properly clean the rooms so my father had a dirty tub from the previous guest. My other cousin had condoms in her room when she checked in and the hotel told her that they had no other rooms because they had six family reunions booked for that weekend. Staying at this hotel was a nightmare and made our 2006 family reunion very unpleasant and stressful, which is not the reason people go on vacation.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most unhelpful hotel in the us After a long flight form the uk i was met by 3 members of staff when checking in all of whom tried their best not to deal with me.They were rude and unhelpful and the same could be said for the staff on the 9th floor resturant.The rooms were clean and comfy but not worth the money.The staff were even ruder in the morning when checking out.If you want to stay in a hotel thats run from the staff from ---- this is the place for you,but i certinaly wont be back.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst staff and decent room Even though I only had to deal with the staff during the check in, it was very painful. Their staff was the most unfriendly and unhelpful people I have encountered among all the hotels in US.They gave me a smoking room when I requested non-smoking. We also had to move one more time because of the loud noises from the 9th floor party. The room had cockaroaches and had bugs in the fridge. I have to say think again before you make a reservation with El Palacio. This is definitely not a palace.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jmu500
<Content>Not the best but definitely not the worst. We stayed at the Palacio Sports Hotel the night of the Orange Bowl and had a very good time. We were slightly concerned with reviews about bugs, etc. and I am glad to report we saw none of this. There was plenty of staff on hand probably due to the Bowl game and the hotel being sold out, but we were treated very graciously.The hotel looks like is has gone under some renovations and is a very adequate hotel if you plan on attending a game at Pro Player stadium or a day at the Calder Race track. The mini golf course, basketball hoop and pool were all very nice and clean.This is by no means a resort to plan an extended vacation at but is more than a suitable place if you plan on attending a game.I would stay for a night next time I go to a Miami vs New England football game or a Sox/Marlins baseball game. I wouldnt stay the entire time I was there but would stay due to the proximity of the stadium.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst service ever! Just returned from our 5th Anniversary trip from Michigan. Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and four days. If it had not been a package deal, we would have left and tried to upgrade at a Motel 6.Just a list...One site of Calder Racehorse Track - they didn't know anything about the races even though they spout it in their advertising.Close to Pro Player Stadium - Advertise free shuttle to and from games; never existed and they said never will.Legends Sport Bar on site - Advertised as World Famous - 20 TV's and had to basically beg to have college football turned on during a Saturday afternoon and then they only turned on one game! Bar doesn't open until 4pm on Saturday and Sunday (biggest football days); find another sports bar for those rainy Miami afternoons.Housekeeping didn't leave towels or toilet paper after cleaning the room.Major (not minor) cockroache problem - 8 in one evening.Customer service was horrible. Not a single service person said hello or anything for that matter.If you are looking for some other place to eat, you have to travel a far distance from the hotel - there is only one place which was a Denny's and it's not in a good neighborhood. Don't travel South on 27th Ave.Will never stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I've been in better Econo Lodges Definitely THE worst I've experienced. From the staff, the housekeeping, the room, and especially the restaraunt.  Our first bad was the restaraunt and having to wait nearly 20 minutes before being acknowledged. The food wasn't bad, but the waiter is gone, you will not see him again. We also had a cockroach crawl up my girlfriend's leg and when she brushed it away, one of the staff just stepped on it while we were eating. The second incident at the restaraunt was at the bar that night. 2 bartenders that took 20 minutes to refill your drink, not to mention they didn't know the difference between Scotch and Bourbon. If you don't have a car, you're pretty much stuck there. It takes at least 30 minutes to an hour for a cab to arrive. The stadium is not walking distance. We almost missed kickoff. The putt-putt golf course is a joke. There isn't any turf on the concrete as shown on the brochure. The coffeemaker took 20 minutes to make one cup and they charge fifty cents a cup down in the lobby. Even Econo Lodge gives you free coffee. The front desk is very unknowlodgable of the events going on around the area and was very rude when you ask for extra things like towels, an iron, soap, etc.  The gift shop was a joke. $60.00 for a Ricky Williams jersey? I don't think so.  No free continental breakfast, the local calls are not free($75.00 deposit at .70 cents a pop, rude staff throughout the complex, free toiletries are shampoo and soap. I don't know how they call this a luxury hotel. It's an old Holiday Inn(the stickers are everywhere) that bought by some Cubans. Maybe in Cuba this is luxury. And to top if off, when we told the manager about our problems, he offered us a better room the NEXT time we came. I don't think so.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Cherrypickers
<Content>Well situated for the Dolphin Stadium We stopped overnight at this hotel to catch a baseball game at the nearby Dolphin Stadium. The reception, lounge, bar areas are all of a good standard. The sporting theme is evident throughout with large screens in the restauraunt showing different sports channels. Each table has a control box so you can select which screen you want to listen to (as well as view)Our room was okay - clean and comfortable but smelt musty upon entering. This could have been caused by the air-conditioning unit which was old. Rooms have a microwave, fridge and coffee making facilities which was useful. We had plenty of clean towels and toiletries.I would not stop here unless I was going to a sporting event or perhaps in a group wanting to watch a sporting event from the hotel as it is not in a tourist area. The people above our room kept us awake laughing and shouting to each other (they were clearly having a great time!) Normally I wouldn't mind but this went on until 4 am!The staff were all polite and courteous and overall the hotel represented good value for money.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont stay here Having never visited Miami, we chose a hotel that was close to the Florida Marlins Stadium. The El Palacio Sports Hotel was the choice. It is relatively close to the stadium and that is the only benefit. Upon arrival we were told that the shuttle service to the stadium had been terminated, even though it is posted in their brochure (on their counter) and on their web page. The staff was polite and courteous. But gave the attitude that they could care less that we were there. When asked about the surrounding area and thing to see and do, they stated that they knew nothing about the area. Just for your planning purposes: This hotel is in the middle of nowhere. There is nothing around but the stadium. They have a game room and a work gym (which was closed most of the time we were there. There is also a basketball court, that was lock up. The rooms are small, not appealling, but clean. Housekeeping cleaned our room and removed all the towel. We had to repeatly ask for new towel and after 4 hours of calling finally recieved them. Guess they had to clean the ones they took in order to replace them. They have a restuarant on the top floor. They also give you the impression that they dont care if your there or not. When ordering dinner the waitress brought out one dinner at a time every couple of minute (we were a party of 5). By the time the last person in our party recieved their food the first two people were finishing. The next night we decided to try room service. They got our order wrong twice before correcting it. Upon check out the staff, as I said early, was polite and courteous but didn't care to see how our visit had been nor cared.  The bottom line...If your are going to see the Marlins or Dolphine play and want to be close to the stadium this is your hotel. Other than that I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>slimGP30
<Content>Need Improvement? I just returned from the El Palacio after staying for two nights consecutively. My company contracted a two day seminar there. Well it seems to me they must be doing something right! The staff were all very courteous from the time I arrived till I left! The personel in charge of our services regarding our seminar were excellent and professional, too. They obviously know providing service with a smile goes a long way. When I recieve that type of service (even when my answer to a request is no) I can overlook little things. Once again the staff were all polite and handled themselves as professionals.In regard to my room, I found my room to be neat and clean to my satisfaction. My bedsheets and bathroom linen were clean, too. I was a little disappointed the maid had not stocked my room with a washclothe on either day, but I have no one but myself to blame because I didn't ask them to rememdy that situation! I ordered room service on the first night I was there, and it was great! They were of course courteous, prompt, and the quality of my food from Legends was excellent. The location of this hotel is a little far away from the parts of Miami area which I would vacation in (I was there for business purposes), unless of course I am predominately there for a football game or the horse races! If you are there for those two reasons, then you can't beat this little gem of a hotel! The hotel is set up very well for conferences, meetings, etc. and they have a good handle on that. As far as the theme of the hotel is concerned, however, it is geared more towards the younger to middle age crowd (like myself). It was quiet while I was there, but I stayed during weekdays. But I have a feeling that this place could get a bit rowdy on the weekend or especially if a sporting event takes place! So grandma and grandpa, you may wanna give that some thought before booking. As far as the hotel located in an undesirable area of town, I didn't notice anything really different about the area as in several other area where hotels are located. When in Miami, one needs to remember they are in a large city! As when in any large city that means to be alert, and take the necessary precautions wherever you are in the city. The hotel is located conveniently off the turnpike extension and 27th Ave. Interstate 95 is easy to access via the turnpike a few miles to the east of the hotel. In closing I would definitely consider El Palacio for a stay in the Miami area for a football game, horse race, or simply to stay in the Northern Miami/Dade and Southern Broward county areas as it is at the county line!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1experiencedtraveler
<Content>Now thats what I call customer service! Now thats what I call customer service!This hotel is just what we were looking for. It was Affordable, Neat, Clean, and Well Managed!Trust me, I reside in hotels over 60% out of a year; I've stayed in the best and unfortunately I've stayed in the worst. However, this hotel was to my satisfaction just upon my arrival. The staff at the front desk was eager to check me in, not attitudal like they were ready to go home. The GM went over and above the call of duty to ensure that our group had EVERYTHING that we needed; this behavior was Daily, noy just upon checking us in.We are a ministry that traavels across the globe both nationally and internationally so believe me we have seen it all!This hotel will offer you much for very little. The pricing was lower than anyone else in the area and had so much to offer. It has a game room for the kids, a beautiful restaurant, and plenty of whatever else you may need in the surrounding area. We often need to run to the Library, Post Office, and Kinkos, they supplied good directions and contact information with no problem.If you want to save some money, but still have the luxury of a major chain hotel I suggest that tou not allow the Pink Bldg. structure to not detour you.General Manager Frankie Diaz should be commended because it is obvious to me that he is a Good Leader, which validates his leadership abilities and the happiness of his staff. You can only be as happy as your leader, everything flows from the top.ANYTIME we come back to the Miami Fl. area we will make the El Palacio our temporary home.Thanks Frankie and Staff for your great customer service and the stress free stay!!!!!Grateful,Vanicsa R. FordRWM Ministries PS. By the way, we stayed here for about 21 days!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was treated like royalty   showReview(3241501, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LauraJose
<Content>Wonderfully Spent -Super Bowl night @Legends   showReview(3200174, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Damn Sports Grill...Period!!   showReview(3200158, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Winning Sports Hotel !   showReview(3197779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to stay   showReview(3194032, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 thumbs up!!   showReview(3193961, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay right at Pro Player   showReview(3175271, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THIS PLACE WAS CONDEMED   showReview(3024842, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>joseandjames
<Content>STAY AWAY!   showReview(2946281, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay for the football games.   showReview(1720894, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>es geht so   showReview(15576642, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien   showReview(15576641, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preiswertes Hotel, wenn man au脽er schlafen nichts will   showReview(15576640, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal mais trop bruyant   showReview(13984872, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

