<Author>FatcatJunketeer
<Content>Consistently good Stayed for a week in October. The hotel's location is a tad remote, although there are shopping malls within walking distance it is some distance from Orchard road (but only 10 mins by taxi). The common areas are very nice and glitzy but starting to show their age and a refurbishment wouldnt do any harm. Rooms are large and spacious, big LCD Tvs and quality furnishings (which dont appear to have changed in over 12 years since it opened and showing signs of wear and tear). Beds and linen are comfy and top notch. The bathrooms (taking up half the room) are legendary for their view (marina bay rooms) but beginning to show their age. Floorboards are a nice change from carpet and there is a big walk in closet and safe. Generic toiletries (unless u stay on a club flr or a suite) are functional but very disappointing for a hotel of this class and price bracket. Prices have crept up over the years with no commensurate increase in value. The pool and gym are well equipped and there is also a day spa. Their function rooms are a fav with local celebrities and yuppies alike.Staff are extremely friendly and attentive, without being OTT. Have stayed here many times over the years and noticed the service levels improving over the previous trips. There are loads of 5 star properties in Singapore and many would have better rooms and amenities, but none can match the Ritz for its combination of views and space - their std guestrooms are noticably larger than the MO across the road and none of its peers offers a great view of marina bay from the bathtub. Its not perfect and some areas need work but its delivers consistently high standards across all areas.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yatiyatu
<Content>The ritz is overrated I went to the ritz with my husband for one night to celebrate his birthday and also our 1st year wedding anniversary. We took up the christmas on ice package as there was some promo for the credit card that I have. This is what was supposed to be included in our package as found on their website.This festive season, treat your loved ones to a unique ice-skating experience in Kallang Ice World before returning to the luxurious confines of our guestrooms.The Christmas On Ice package includes: * A one-night stay in a Deluxe Kallang Bay View Room * Buffet breakfast for two adults and two children (below 12 years of age) * Colouring book and crayon set for the children (maximum of 2 sets per reservation) * In-room Christmas amenity * 15 percent off The Ritz-Carlton Gift Collection * 20 percent off Kallang Ice World entry fee for adults and complimentary tickets for two children (below 12 years of age)Seems worth it right? WRONG! First thing when we were checking in, the front desk officer who was serving us looked like she couldn't be bothered to serve another fellow singaporean. While all the other officers actually made an effort to escort the other guests(in front of our eyes) to the elevator, she just told me and my husband that our room is on the 5th floor. Yeah small matter, i know where the elevator was but it made me feel inferior.Nevermind that, when we got to the room, it was crap. The room was crap, the view was crap and half of the rug had a stain that looked like a dog had just relieved itself on it.The wooden floor creaked so loudly when i walked. The tv was not LCD and come on, it was the 5th floor!The hotel lobby is on the 3rd floor so my room was practically the first storey of guest rooms. I requested for a higher floor when i made the reservation and i was really unhappy. So, i made some calls to the front desk to request a higher floor and we waited for like more than 2 hrs to be upgraded to the 29th floor marina view room. Compliments to Mr Manjit for that:)To be honest yes, the room was excellent. The view was splendid. The bathroom was nice but half of the furniture looked a little old.They really need to do some upgrading to their furniture.Anyways, so it was my husband's bday and they sent us a little bday cake for us to enjoy. Thank you for that.However, we were promised some christmas amenity as shown on the package and some vouchers for the ice skating thing but they gave us nothing except for the bday cake. So, i called front desk to enquire and they told me the bday cake was actually the christmas amenity. WHAT. THE. CRAP. When I went to pan pac recently for my bday they actually gave me a bday cake without having me to book some stupid christmas package.So, all in all what I actually got for CHRISTMAS ON ICE package was a 1 night room stay and buffet breakfast. Funny, i would have thought BED AND BREAKFAST would be a better name for the package. I would truly not recommend this hotel because you can get so much better for a lower price at neighbouring hotels. Happy Holidays!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>MM2H
<Content>Still as good as ever We hadn't stayed at this hotel for almost five years and all our previous stays had been excellent so we were looking forward to returning. We weren't disappointed. I know that they don't actually remember who we are, but when you get out of the airport limo and are greeted with Welcome back Mr and Mrs G... it still knocks my socks off. I don't know how they do it but it makes for a very personal start. We arrived well ahead of normal check-in time but there was no problem. We sat with a refreshing drink, chatting to one of the concierge team whilst the check-in was completed. We had a corner room on the 9th floor and the room exudes quality. After ten years of operation without a major re-fit, the room was a little tired (and only a little) around the edges and we commented to this effect on our feedback form. A few days later we received an e-mail from the GM, assuring us that a major renovation is due in 2010 and apologising for our findings.We included breakfasts in our tariff and for a hotel of this class in this location I feel they are good value. There is a very wide choice of Asian and Western dishes and all of the food is high quality, the service is professional and discreet and the surroundings are very pleasant - no squealing kids here, charging around the tables!When the new MRT eventually opens, almost next door, it will give the hotel a much more convenient location, although it is still currently possible to get to the MRT at City Hall with only the first few hundred metres outdoors, the rest being via various malls.So maybe since our last visit it's looking a bit tired in places, who isn't? With a refit planned for next year and the new MRT line, we will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rustycycle
<Content>Lived upo to standard Stayed recently at Ritz Carlton and found it again up to the usual high standard of this chain. This hotel is well located in the Marina bay area with excellent views over the harbour. Rooms could not be faulted as is usual with this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jbohnke
<Content>Best views in Singapore- first class hotel As someone who has lived in Singapore for years, and reviewed hotels personally and professionally, it is remarkable that I had yet to visit the Ritz-Carlton in Singapore. I had written it off as another standard luxury chain hotel, and never bothered. Uniqueness is something I value highly in hotels, and somehow I doubted it was there. Boy was I wrong. The views alone make this place worth it. I had a room that overlooked the marina and river, plus the Singapore flyer Ferris wheel from the bathtub, and it was just breathtaking. I mean 'I-woke-up-every-morning-choked-up ' breathtaking. Get the more expensive room with the marina/river view. It is SOOOO worth it. You can see all of central singapore, and it is spectacular at night.The service was also above and beyond, on par with the best I have received in Asia. My first room had broken air con the first night. The club concierge Archie Natividad acted with such promptness and apology that I almost felt guilty for complaining. Within 30 min, he had me in an upgraded suite, the likes of which I can't begin to describe. Beautiful room and fantastic service. The furnishings were impeccable- softest, most comfortable bed ever, beautiful marble and glass bathroom (did I mention the view?). The housekeeping was worth raving about as well. They were attentive to detail (arranging everything just so, while paying attention to my preferences- how I arranged the pillows, the TV channel I preferred at turn-down, my newspaper choice). Even the bathrobes were first-rate, silk and terry, best I have ever had. The club has food service all day (I didn't eat in a restaurant the entire time!) and is more than worth it. The food was five star, the views spectacular, and the service better than I have ever experienced. They knew my name and preferences by day one, but were not intrusive at all. I really hate intrusive :-)Although the decor was a little generic, and the pool average (no real pool-side service), the service and the views made the place truly unique. I generally don't like 5-star hotels, or rather am rarely impressed by them, but the Ritz Carlton in Singapore was the exception. The spa was alright- the service were great (except the waxing, which was atrocious- I have yet to have the service in Asia with anyone who seemed to have a clue what they were doing), but there was no waiting area, which I really would have expected of a spa of that caliber (and price). Instead you just sit awkwardly in the locker room. I have moved to the Fullerton and am considering moving back as fast as I can. This tiny boring room just doesn't compare!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maddog2000
<Content>A bit run down I was at the Ritz Carton for a business conference. For that, the hotel was ok, but I would want to go there privately. The hotel is a bit run down and everything looks a bit old. Location is very central. Probably the worst Ritz Carlton I have visited so far.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>1FourFun
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Great Service.       The world's largest fountain. You can see it form floor 15 or higher, if you are on the city sid  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GBMember
<Content>Wonderful rooms We chose this hotel as we were attending a conference at the Suntec centre, and it is a convenient walk from the hotel through the shopping mall. It is also a short distance from the Singapore Flyer, which is a giant observation wheel, and well worth a visit. We were very pleased with the hotel. When we arrived, we wanted to change some details of our booking, and it was no problem. We were given exactly what we wanted. We used the club lounge, and this was well worth while, as it included internet access, breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails and the location had spectacular views. The club lounge staff were all hugely helpful, spending ages, for example, choosing a restaurant for us and booking it.The room was very big, and very well furnished and the bathroom was spectacular. But the bath is located under the huge window, which made me a bit uneasy as I am afraid of heights. It was easier to cope with after I closed the blinds.There are lots of staff everywhere who are constantly available to help guests, which makes everything feel very smooth.We were sorry to leave.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Meshellby
<Content>Great Views!!!       View from bathroom  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WayneandJackie
<Content>Great start to honeymoon A great start to the first leg of our honeymoon.First impressions were amazing,free upgrade to deluxe marina view.Room very spacious and modern,bathroom and view wonderful. Breakfast was a very wide selection,lovely surroundings and quality of food and service excellent. Can't fault the hotel and would well recommend a stay only niggle is the price of drinks but if you can afford to stay here it is a slight oversight...A very good stay had.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meowcsj
<Content>Most comfortable bed Stayed during Chinese New year getaway.Great room with nice view and layout. Huge bath room with nice scenery.Most comfy bed I have ever sleep in.There was queue at morning breakfast. Orange juice was served when queuing up.Waitress goes extra mile to get me a fresh orange juice when they clear the buffet counter before I finished my breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vb527
<Content>Some concierge behind the desk need to communicate We decided to stay at the Ritz for our honeymoon after discovering a great deal through Singapore Airline Stopover Holiday. Initial impression on the place and services were absolutely immaculate. The concierge that helped us when we checked in was great. Unfortunately the subsequent concierge service was less than perfect. We decided to use the concierge service to help us with our internet check in as we wanted particular seats on our long haul flight to London. Unfortunately, due to lack of communication, we ended up with seats 2nd last row from the back of the plane, where we didn't want. As the seatings were now confirmed, we were unable to change the location. Normally on a short flight, we wouldn't have minded, unfortunately this is a 13hr flight! We ended up with the most uncomfortable flight experience which dampened our trip a bit. I wished the concierge would have given us a call before confirming those seats. Otherwise, all of the floor staff were very polite, friendly and extremely helpful. Greeted all the guests when they walk by, and opening doors etc.We had a room in the Kelang View side, which we thought was quite nice. Room is slightly dated, but the bathroom is still nice and modern. Nicest mattress we've ever slept on! Only noise we could hear at night are people walking in the hallway. Maybe a reposition of the bed in the room would minimise these noise?Overall a comfortable stay.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Good views and service       View from the bathroom  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	5	2	

<Author>TransCon1
<Content>Second Stay Just as Nice as the First I stayed here on a stop over on a dive trip to Indonesia a few years back and then again on a stopover on the way to our honeymoon in Bali. Both times I enjoyed the wonderful design (nothing like the traditional RCs in the U.S. -- which I also enjoy), the huge bathrooms and wonderful views of the city. The hotel is a little bit of a walk to the merlion and other central city sites, but not that big a deal.There were absolute no service issues or disappointments of any kind on either visit.It is right next to a shopping center where we sampled some local breakfast food and enjoyed that as well as the fine dining in the hotel itself.I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lou1533
<Content>Perfect We stayed here for our honeymoon in April of this year.It was a beautiful, understated hotel with excellent service standards. Check in was a delight, our bags were silently whisked away, juices and cool towels offered immediately.We were always referred to by name and it seemed nothing was too much trouble.The room was large, airy and restful with a lovely marble bathroom. I really struggle to find anything wrong with the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sh_dell
<Content>We've always loved it - but this last time was a real let down. We stayed at the Singapore Ritz Carlton on Aug 22 - Aug 24th, 2008.We've stayed there many times before, and we've always enjoyed our stay.While making the reservation online, we've requested for a King Bed - Non Smoking Club room.Upon check-in, the room given to us, had a very strong smoke-smell.We asked for a different room and we waited outside our room.In about 15 minutes or so, a Club concierge came and took us to our new room.It's slightly bigger than our first room, and most of all, it smelled nice.After a while, we then found out that the Menu option didn't work from our TV. It took a couple visits from the engineers and they said they'd call us to see when they can fix it.Hours passed, we didn't get a call back. We finally tried the Menu on the TV and it was working. At night when the engineer finally called, we told them the TV has been fixed.Friday night - we're at the club enjoying our in-room dining food. They turned off the lights because the fireworks were about to start.A club staff asked if we could still see okay. We said we're fine, and we'll just wait a while since the fireworks would only take 15 minutes.We're able to enjoy the fireworks because it was dark in the clubroom - there's no glare from the mirrors. There's some music that was being played, and it was timed nicely with the fireworks.Saturday night - we're at the club again, waiting for the fireworks.The lights were never turned off/dimmed. And there's no music like it was on Friday. We're seeing our reflections in the mirror because of the lights in the club.While we're checking out on Sunday, I mentioned this to one of the male club staff. And he said, because some of our guests were still eating, we could not turn off the lights. We then said, well we were eating on Friday night, but you turned off the lights anyway.He repeated the same comments, and we left it at that.I'm assuming there's some VIP guest that 'reserved' the corner dining area at the Club. I noticed the staff were surrounding the couple with the baby and everyone kept greeting them. I'm guessing the lights were left on for them. I don't think this is fair for the other Club guests. If there's a VIP guest with special requests, then the VIP guest should dine in his room instead of sacrificing everyone's enjoyment at the Club. I think it's a selfish gesture and I don't understand why the Club staff obliged the request. The lights should be dimmed for the fireworks as it was on Friday night.So, we've decided we're not returning to Ritz Carlton Singapore, since we don't feel that we're being fairly treated as other guests.It's quite sad actually, we've always loved the Ritz and we've been going there for years, but I guess it's time to move on and find a better place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	2	2	5	

<Author>singapore9
<Content>Beware the Marina view rock concerts This is a beautiful hotel with top notch staff overall and an excellent fitness facility. My major complaint is that they do not warn guests with a view of the Marina (roughtly 1/2 the hotel's rooms and apparently all of their suites) that there are frequent concerts on a floating stage directly outside the hotel, that go late into the night. On the first night I checked in, complete with 12 hours of jet lag, I was horrified to realize that a rock cover band was warming up for a show by 6pm. When I asked about it, the concierge said that it would not be over until 11pm as if they were telling me about something as benign as what time the sun would come up. They did rectify the situation immediately by giving me a separate room to sleep in that night, but I was very upset that the hotel does not disclose this nuisance before booked this 5 star room, and that on top of that, no one at the hotel prior to my inquiry said anything about it. I'm pretty young compared to their average clientele, so if it bothered me...well you get the picuture.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dan_n_Zora
<Content>Nice, But Not the Best We stayed in a Premier Suite for 5 days in January.We booked the hotel's Limo service for airport arrival and were picked up by the airport's indoor transportation (electric vehicle) as soon as we stepped foot off the plane, then were transported to luggage, then to the car that was waiting for us. We entered the hotel doors and were greeted by name by the hotel doormen, which was a nice first impression. Check-in took a while even though we were the only people checking in. The suite was nice, plenty of room, but a little tired. It could use a facelift. Great views though, and a comfortable bed. The service was good and staff were friendly, but not over the top.Breakfast had a nice variety, but the poor egg chef did not have a clue what he was doing. We ordered a hard-boiled egg, 3 times, and it came back soft and runny all 3 times, so we gave up. The other eggs/omelettes we ordered were not very good either. Otherwise, the breakfast was ok, but not great. We've traveled to Singapore several times and usually stay in the Orchard Rd/Scotts Rd area and thought we would try a different location for a change. We definitely prefer the Orchard/Scotts area. The shopping in Orchard Rd is better than the shopping in the Marina/Ritz Millenia area. (But this will depend on what you what you are shopping for. High end brands are in Orchard.)We stayed in the Grand Hyatt, Orchard Rd, before the Ritz and we prefer the Hyatt. The rooms at the Hyatt seem newer and fresher, the food is better, and the Hyatt location is convenient.We enjoyed our stay at the Ritz, but unfortunately the hotel fell just short of our expectations.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>WharfTrader
<Content>Very average stayed here for work for a few days - disappointing seeing as its a Ritz - agree with previous review that is could do with a lick of paint - check-in was fine, though there was someone next to me complaining about noise from construction work at 5a.m. - which was true, as my room faced onto the site (part of upcoming F1 race i think) - its not loud but you would notice it - room itself was ok - very big with decent bathroom - has the bath tub right at the window but my view was of motor way, not the nicer city view - few stains on the wallpaper, fixtures and fittings a bit worn, air con a little loud - overall not great - though to be fair excellent staff in all areas, and thats what rescues it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeCMelbourne
<Content>Good hotel but expected more.. This hotel has a reputation of being luxurious. Once you mention that you are staying at the Ritz-Carlton, locals here will say, Woh...nice hotel...Check in was prompt although I arrived early. I was accommpanied to the room by a friendly and helpful gentleman called Jacob (if I remember correctly). Nice.Room was large and they have large windows.Huge bathrooms with more than usual toileteries including a wooden hairbrush.Views are good esp on a high floorBeds clean and comfortable. You wont expect anything less for this kind of hotels. Staff were helpful and courteous all round.Breakfast at the Greenhouse. Wide selection but lack depth and flavour. Well, the best food in Singapore are at the road sides and kopitiams (coffee shops). Worse food at the hotels!Nice large pool surrounded by trees.Overall, nothing much to fault them except that it is far to walk to the City Hall train station. May be tough to find a taxi at peak times. Trains are reliable and good but you have to walk quite a bit if you know the right directions. Aim for the highrise Swissotel building and you will find the station.Internet is expensive SGD30 for a day!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MooHunter
<Content>Business Hotel - not bad but could do with a lick of paint 'Fabulous location with spectacular views' - all too true but would say that whilst the room was spacious and had been recently updated, the large bathroom was a little antiquated and could have done with renovation - that said, towels had a fluffy home feel and fresh orchids brightened the room. The staff were friendly and helpful but couldn't quite shake the feeling that there three staff to every one guest - seemed to be a lot of staff loitering around corridors and lifts which frankly seemed odd compared to other hotels in the immediate vicinity such as the Fullerton. The breakfast buffet was expansive and tasty and would definitely recommend this hotel as a business hotel but it's all too mechanical for a holiday hotel. I didn't use the spa but the gym was well equipped and comfortable. All in all 3/4 out of 5.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>ParisCy
<Content>Excellent stays       Marina Bay  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonSW35
<Content>Nice View Lovely hotel, great staff that was genuinly friendly and happy to help. Everything was so smooth, from check-in, check-outs etc. Rooms were large, maybe a bit more business than leisure, but still very modern and clean. Bathrooms are huge!The views from our room was amazing, facing the downtown area of Singapore. The pool area is nice, a great little oasis in the middle of Singapore.We don't have anything negative to say about this hotel, except maybe the dining area/breakfast resturant which was a bit boring and maybe not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel. We got exactly what we expected for the price we paid, which is not something you get too often.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Leno4ka
<Content>Best View in Singapore! Wonderful hotel set in Marina district.The service was outstanding from the moment we arrived at the front door to checking out. The room was large, and very comfortable. Bath is great! The bath tube right under a huge octagonal window overlooking the city  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baliben
<Content>Impeccable Service High points to the Ritz Carlton for their impeccable service. Every employee that I encountered during my stay was not only polite and helpful, but also smiling - a very rare find in hotels these days.I arrived early in the morning after taking a red eye flight and was offered an early check-in. Ordered room service for breakfast and the order arrived in 12 minutes. The operator taking the order noticed that I did not want coffee or tea (included in the price) so instead offered me an extra orange juice at no charge. It may seem trivial, but I always believe its the little things that sets service apart.Ordered room service again for lunch later in the trip and food arrived quickly as well.Room and bathroom are extremely spacious and offer great views of Marina Bay (and the Sands development going up accross the bay).On my day of check-out I was departing on a mid-night flight so had reserved the room for an additional day. Unsolicted, the check-out staff offered me half price for my last day.Overall, great rooms, prompt service and friendly staff. Will definitely return when I am in Singapore.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seat_1A_traveller
<Content>Overall a good Ritz Carlton but not as good as the RC Tokyo or RC Osaka As usual, we are never disappointed by the RC Carlton service. The ambience, the staff, the service, everything is provided with diligent, flawless and attentive service. Amenities were superb, the LCD TV, the DVD player. The view is also lovely. The landscape is great.We arrived at Singapore Airport from London and a private car (provided by the hotel) was waiting for myself and my partner. Our bags were taken off us and we were escorted to the car (we never saw our luggage until we arrived in our room)The weather is very humid, together after a long flight from London and the tiredness it was nice to receive a friendly smile from the driver.Located in front of the passenger鈥檚 seats were 2 cold towels and 2 bottles of perfectly chilled mineral water which was nice and refreshing after the long flight.The journey to the RC hotel was comfortable. It seemed that the journey took no time at all, maybe we fell asleep!Arriving at the hotel, both passenger doors to the car were opened and two members of staff appeared and escorted us to the club lounge to complete the check in process and have refreshments. Doors were closed, and we were escorted through the hotel. The main doors were opened, lift doors open awaiting us and upon arrival in the Club Lounge a member of staff was ready to conduct the check in process. The club lounge manager greeted us and wished us a pleasant stay. Check in was very efficient, our passports were taken away and returned within a matter of minutes. Refreshments were offered. We opted for tea (loose leaf tea) and was poured in front of us in a pleasant manner.After the refreshments we were escorted to our room (club deluxe)Our bags were awaiting us upon arrival to our room.Now to our only complaint, upon arrival to the room we both noticed that the room reeked of strong cigarette smoke. A non smoking room was booked and confirmed. Due to my partner suffering from mild asthma we complained to the club lounge manager about this. The time was now 10pm and we had been travelling for 16 hours. Around 11pm, a member of staff came into the room and sprayed the room with some air freshener. Unfortunately this made the situation much worse as the smell was disgusting and over powering. Another telephone call to the club lounge manager was made. Around 1130pm a member of staff appeared with a machine to plus in to get rid of the odour. Fortunately this worked and we retired to bed.  The bedroom consisted of two large beds, with plush pillows and crisp starched white linen. Other features of the room were a large sofa and coffee table (directly in front of the bed beside the windows with numerous western and Asian magazines and periodicals), a unit with fresh flowers and oriental ornaments, a large wardrobe with a good amount of hangers, a digital safe, an iron and ironing board. Between the beds was a bedside table with light, master switch for the lights, do not disturb button, white telephone and note pad with a pen. There was a desk and chair beside the sofa and next to the bathroom door.Onto the bathroom...White bath (located next to the window), sink, toilet, step in shower, a good amount of Bvlgari toiletries (Shampoo, Bath and Shower Gel, Soap, Conditioner and bath bag). In a drawer under the sink unit was a hair brush, comb, hair dryer and mouthwash.The bath which was perfectly maintained and lime scale and crack free was huge, water pressure was excellent and the bath filled up in minutes. You can lay in the bath and your feet wouldn鈥檛 touch the other end. The water pressure of the shower was also excellent.Curtains and blackout blinds offering complete blackout.The Club lounge which is on the 32nd floor features magnificent 360-degree views of the city skyline. Handsomely furnished interiors provide the perfect backdrop to enjoy the five culinary and beverage presentations daily. Breakfast consisted of an Asian selection as well as a western style breakfast consisting of Fresh fruit juices, cereals, selection of fresh (and I mean fresh) fruit, champagne, mineral water, pastries (fresh and very tasty), and a small cooked selection. Tea and coffee was poured at our table and Toast was offered. Due to being out of the hotel during the day, we did not sample the luncheon service however returned for afternoon tea. Afternoon tea is a huge affair, dainty sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and preserves, dainty cakes and gateaux. Tea and coffee is poured at your table. Champagne is also available. Club lounge staff remembered I like champagne with afternoon tea and a pre dinner drink. Without asking, I was presented with a glass without asking.Cold milk served every time with tea (without asking) normally they serve tea with hot milk (I have noticed this in many Asian hotels)Extra Bvlgari toiletries during turn down (without asking)Being addressed in perfect English our names and the only place in the world where my surname is perfectly pronounced.1. The buffet was perfectly maintained and replenished throughoutMy partner was still unhappy how the hotel dealt with the problem of the cigarette odour problem the previous night. The club lounge manager dealt with our complaint in an efficient and polite manner and took off the first night鈥檚 accommodation to compensate us.Dinner and refreshments are provided in the Club lounge, which consisted of a selection of hot and cold items, both western and Asian. Alcoholic and no alcoholic drinks (including champagne) were also available.Internet is available in the club lounge and is complementary.The hotel has a gym, due to having a busy schedule, we didn鈥檛 use the gym or the spa but the gym had the latest equipment. We wish we used the gym now. Another reason to return to the hotel.Checkout was efficient and attentive. Our bags were taken off us and we were escorted to the car for the transfer to the airport.Overall a good Ritz Carlton but not as good as the RC Tokyo or RC Osaka. Disappointing problem over the Cigarette odour but this complaint was dealt with and we were compensated.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>sunnytop
<Content>Life of the rich and famous Staying at the luxurious Ritz-Carlton was beyond my imagination. The selection of the hotel was made so much easier by the reviews submitted via this site. The location was great - a view of the water, in the middle of several great shopping areas, near the MRT. From the moment you arrive at the Ritz you are treated as a VIP. Everything in the hotel is elegant. The rooms are amazingly large. The bathroom with a full size bath and separate large shower, double basins all the lotions and potions you could possibly want, separate toilet and large window offering spectaculars views and fitted out in marble tiles was out of this world. The staff were exceptionally friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The buffet breakfast we enjoyed at the hotel had everything on offer and was presented beautifully. The meals were a bit expensive for our budget but the nearby shopping malls had pleanty to choose from.. If you are looking for luxury - look no further. Complimentary water is supplied daily.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nat1975
<Content>Terrible room, Cheap breakfast I was in SG for business trip Apr 16-25. I normally stayed at The Fullerton but my colleague recommended that the bathroom has spectacular view of SG skyline. So I decide to try The Ritz. The hotel itself is pretty old, as if it reached its top in the 90s and never rejuvenated thereafter. The room is spacious but the d茅cor was so wrong. The sofa and TV was laid in-line meaning that I had to turn my head 90 degree in order to watch it. Bedside table was so tiny and was occupied with some stuff i.e telephone, note pad and chucky lamb which didn鈥檛 provide me enough light to read. Working table , again filled with bulky stuff like unusable lamp, hotel/city guide. There are not enough outlets to charge my cell-phone, laptop and digital camera. I went into the bath room, of course the bathtub sits right next to the large window but I was recommended by the hotel staff to put the shade down as the near by buildings are infamous of peeping hotel鈥檚 guest. The toiletry was the worst I鈥檝e ever seen in the 6-stared hotel. It came in colorful / cheap packaging. I asked house keeping if they had other kinds of shampoo/soap. The answer is no. So, I had to go out and bought my own relyable shampoo at Watson store. The shower was nothing but ordinary. The weighing scale was broken. The blanket was smelly, some kind of stir-fried food. It was my bad luck that the construction was next to my window. Even though I was on 26 fl. I was irritated by the rumbled machine at nite. This is not the hotel鈥檚 false, but they should have warned me about this so I opted to stay on the other side or perhaps change the hotel. The breakfast stunned me most. Well, I have the Fullerton to compare to; especially they charge exactly the same price. The breakfast is cheap, they have the muesli with canned fruits and this is not acceptable. The pasty is noting special. All I have to say the service is superb though. The breakfast lunge looked a bit dim with weird d茅cor especially the creepy green alien-liked installed on the wall. I have no sense of Art, perhaps. I stayed only 2 nites instead of 9 and I moved to the Fullerton. Seemed like The Fullerton had it all; I didn鈥檛 have to turn my neck to watch tv, I had enough space on my desk. The wash room is very nice with large round showerhead of rain-dome type. The toiletry was not that superb but better than the ritz. The pillow and blanket smelled good and comfy. The breakfast was superb where the freshly squeezed juice 鈥榮 available. I scraped the honey out of honeycomb. And above all, I could sit out side and enjoyed the view of the Boat Quey.I guess it鈥檚 enough about my comments. Only the service at the ritz is superb, everything else needs improvement though  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	3	3	2	

<Author>MangoRacin
<Content>Not deserving of Ritz Carlton title This hotel is really looking tired and definately not up to the Ritz Carlton standard I've experienced in other cities. On arrival the check-in clerk attempted to give me a room with single beds when I had confirmed King bed. After some debate they then tried to get me to upgrade to a higher room class (at extra cost) to meet my room request. in the end they relected and provided a king room at the booked rate, however the room was adjacent to the lift. Normally this wouldn't bother me, but since the room had polished floors, noise was a problem coming under the door.Gym is well appointed with quality equipment. Outdoor pool is also great.Views are good from the room, and expecially the bathroom where you can lie in the bath and take in the awesome view.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>estatictravellers
<Content>Something special       Our suite with new Casino being built in the background  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fatcatlazydog
<Content>Front desk service is appalling I read the reviews and my expectation is pretty high for a supposedly 6 star hotel. I arrived at 2am and expected topnotch services. Instead I was greeted with a stone face lady at the front desk who used the right choice of words in her greeting without any warmth. For 6 days I stayed in this hotel, I was observing the front desk staffs while waiting for my colleague. I noticed most of them do not smile except I guy. The front desk manager is worst. While I was complaining to her, occasionally, her eyes were directed at the front desk and smiled. Her choice of words used example 鈥淚鈥檓 from your country and I will not lie to you.鈥?This is truly an unprofessional remark. Except for the front desk, the services from the doorman to the guest relation staffs are impeccable. I truly agreed with one of the reviewer from the room, the nightlight of the Singapore skyline is breathtaking. I was shocked by daylight the view is spoilt by cranes and construction. Experienced the same thing. I switched room from 6th floor to 10th floor and realized the previous room is cleaner and the towels/bathrobe were of better quality. Those on 10th floor were hard and I had to clean the stain on the milk jug. I was there for a meeting with several colleagues from other countries. We stayed at different hotels. I鈥檓 returning to Singapore in April for 10 days and has made reservation in the same hotel. Waiting for my colleagues review on hotels they stayed and if it's better, I will switch with no second thoughts.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Great Rooms, Poor Staff       bathroom  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	-1	1	2	-1	

<Author>jcn2045
<Content>Better than the reviews I was a little reluctant seeing the less positive reviews, but after staying almost a week, I really can't criticize the hotel. The service is excellent, comparing well to the other hotels in the area I have stayed in (fincluding the Four Seasons, what's now the Fairmont , and the Intercontinental). The rooms and location are not so much better; I preferred the corner room at the Four Seasons, but the views at the Ritz-Carlton are spectacular. What is a step above is the politeness and service, though I am not sure that if I had to pay myself that the cost difference would be worth it.A nice bonus -- it's easy (even with the current construction) to have a nice 6-10 mile run along the river (mostly) away from the traffic and exhaust.Easily a step above most other Singapore hotels, and a place I would consider staying at again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Like_luxury
<Content>A bit of city Luxury and what a view After extensive research I decided I wanted to stay at the Ritz Carlton in Singapore for our three day break on the way to Australia. It was worth the money. We stayed in a premier suite with an amazing view, separate living area and bedroom, beautiful bathroom and a large exeptionally comfortable bed. I stayed with my husband and 2 year old daughter and it was fantastic. It is more of an adult experience, however they accomodated the needs of my daughter very well and she had a real cot instead of one of the horrible travel cots and they provided free fresh milk for her, delivered to the room when ever we needed it. The pool was lovely and the customer service fantastic though the congierge was slightly smug sometimes. I couldn't fault anything and considering I have just received my money back from our hotel in Dubai I think I can say I am pretty picky. It is 5 star, it is luxurious but go for th suite for the extra comfort. We dined out in the night food markets near the opera house and did all the normal touristy things and I recommend asking the staff about where to eat as we found some amazing places because of this.Singapore is fantastic and I would definately stay at the Ritz again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andreaAmsterdam
<Content>Most excellent hotel - ever Leaving Singapore after 7 days was fine, but checking out of this mind blowing hotel was a sad moment! From the moment we arrived we were welcomed by the attentive and warm staff, and they provided the most excellent service during our entire stay. Everything can be described in superlatives: The location, the view from the room (make sure you get as high a floor as possible), the service, the food, the gym, pool and spa, the care they take of you and they hotel 鈥?simply perplexing and of a constant high standard. To keep all these overwhelming experiences in a gentle balance, the atmosphere of the hotel could be best described as quiet and serene, with wonderful artwork. If you get the chance 鈥?indulge in the luxury of this hotel for at least one time in your life! Not cheap, but definitely money well spent!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>corky_c
<Content>Nice hotel but rooms need a facelift I go to Singapore approx 4 times a year for business and used to stay at the Ritz-Carlton regularly (I now stay at the Conrad).The Ritz-Carlton is a nice hotel with nice facilities; however, the rooms definitely need a facelift. The rooms are very spacious but the furniture (and wallpaper!) need to be upgraded. It's not that they are horrible but just not the thing you expect from a 5-star hotel. Also, in this day and age of plasma and LCD TVs, the Ritz-Carlton still have those chunky TVs in their rooms. On a couple of occasions they've had to send engineers in to fix the TV in my room - maybe they should upgrade these too?I love the restaurants at the Ritz-Carlton and the service is usually good although sometimes over the top. I am not a morning person and everyday as I walk through the lobby on my way to work at least 10 hotel people greet me. Occasionally there will be a sleazy male hotel employee who will openly stare and leer at me and other female visitors. Just not something you want to deal iwth on your way to work each morning. Anyway, as I mentioned, I used to stay at this hotel but have since started staying at the Conrad.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lynamc
<Content>Nice, overrated and smelly We visited Singapore for 3 nights in February 2008 to see my Brother and Family who live there now. Lacking availability at the Shangri La we stayed in The Ritz Carlton. It's a lovely hotel but I feel that it is more suitable for corporate/business travelers than visitors.We stayed in a smoking room which smelled really terrible. Regardless of the rights/wrongs of smoking there is absolutely no excuse for this in a 5 star hotel. It shows a slack approach which is unwarranted in a hotel of this class.The carpet was also stained and clearly hadn't been cleaned in ages.Aside from this the room was okay with a splendid view over the marina, - especially at night. The bathroom was large and very well appointed with an excellent shower. Oddly we had lovely big thick fluffy towels on the first night which were replaced on subsequent nights by less impressive specimens.We found the staff to be very pleasant and welcoming especially the concierge and door staff.The bar is quite popular in the evenings and we found the restaurants nice, if pricy (as you鈥檇 expect). There is some building noise from the construction going on in the Marina (a casino?), but it鈥檚 only during the day thankfully.We had a nice if unremarkable stay at the Ritz Carlton Millennium, smell aside.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>sean_irl
<Content>Excellent Hotel Only getting around to writing this review now.We stayed in the Ritz Carlton for 6 days in total over two trips, breaking the journey to and from Oz. Its an outstanding hotel with excellent service, food and a superb location. Booked a deluxe room on the Marina Side...i'd recommend paying the extra bit for the marina side. The view is excellent!Ideal for a break from a long haul flight and suitably located for shopping. Its connected to one of many shopping centres.Would not hesitate in staying there again....not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Daveinparis
<Content>Despite criticism on tripadvisor - hotel was fine One week work-trip stay. Fine location. Train and Raffles mall - lots of restaurants etc just across street. Half the price of the Stamford. Liked the pool, nice to sit around and relax after work. HearldT newspaper every morning at breakfast was good. Breakfast - usual hotel fare - fine. Room - fine. Quiet. Couldn't sleep due to jet-lag but cannot blame hotel. Nice bathroom. Clean. Fittings aging but perfectly acceptable.Suggestions to improve hotel: heat the pool. It's freezing (so is Stamford's, mind you). Provide more coffee/tea/decaf in room (this can only cost cents). Good overall. Business travellers can keep expenses down and holiday-makers note that it's a central location.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Lulublue42
<Content>The most comfortable beds ever, for a good nights sleep stay here! From the moment we checked in and they knew who we were without us telling them we were seriously impressed. The room, on first sight, looked a little basic, but it was a good size and had to be the most comfortable room we had ever stayed in. The bed was out of this world for comfort, i believe it is something to do with the standard use of two matresses in Ritz Carlton Hotels. The bathroom was also special (although i was a little disappointed there was no tv in the bathroom as shown on the website) with an oversized bath set against floor to ceiling windows with a remarkable view over the city. Location was ok, with plenty to do nearby and various types of places to eat in the evening. There are other hotels i would like to try when i next go back to Singapore, but if i end up at this one again i won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>asa4598
<Content>Fantastic View of the Marina I stayed for 4 nights at the Ritz. That was probably the Club floor or the executive suite -- i am not really sure because it was booked by my company. The experience was awesome, and I had felt it the moment I opened the door! The room had a view of the Marina backdropped against my 3-seater. The bathroom was extremely elegant, with marble floors and brass fixtures. The bath and shower were separate. And while having your bath in the fancy tub, you can have a full view of the marina beneath a glass wall, which may be covered through remotely-operated window blinds! Neat! Check out the thick, soft bathroom slippers -- really comfy too! No wonder they call it The Ritz...  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>GlobalGal5
<Content>Huge disappointment We stayed at Ritz Carlton for 5 nights in total, 4 nights over New Year and then back again for one overnight prior to the connection back to Australia. On this trip we stayed at 3 different hotels in Malaysia and Singapore and had thought that the Ritz Carlton would be the pick of the bunch (the other two were Shangrila properties). After reading a number of reviews prior to choosing the hotel I got the impression this was going to be a highlight of the trip. Wrong! Whilst the entranceway to the hotel is very promising and slick effusive welcome set the scene, it proceeds to go downhill from there. Reception area/lounge is tired looking by day when the worn and dirty carpet is more noticeable as is the long gloomy halls to the guestrooms. Had we checked in by night we would have been distracted by the lights of the Singapore skyline, really a superb vista. The room looks quite inviting by night and it is certainly large with a large bathroom which is still very good (and has the much talked about window above the bath) but still way short of 5 star standard. By daylight the view of cranes and construction is not very appealing and the room seems almost dirty but that is because the carpet is stained and worn. I noticed the lamp shades were crooked, chipped wood cabinets, not very nice towels..far removed from what we expected. Everything looked...worn. The driver from the airport had even stated that it was a 6 star hotel so therefore I was convinced that we had been put in some unrenovated room by mistake and even went down to reception to request viewing another. I couldn't believe that they all looked like this, but they did! Whilst the service remained impeccable, the hotel is sorely in need of a refurb . If we hadn't paid in advance we would have relocated immediately and only the thought of paying for two hotels a night disuaded us from doing. Although I did contact my travel agent to continue to explore this option the Ritz Carlton wouldn't consider reducing our stay or refunding any monies. I would go as far as saying the hotel spoiled our enjoyment of Singapore as we hated coming back home at the end of the day and my husband refused to walk around in bare feet on the carpet because if looked and felt so dusty.What has happed to Ritz Carlton chain? I know of at least two hotels in Australia where their establishment used to be top notch and are now way down the rung. I will never take the risk at another one. Be warned!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	2	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Kast0n
<Content>The Ritz is a gem! Stayed here on Christmas Eve. The hotel is magnificent and thou it was packed due to the holidays, service were impeccable. We stayed on the Club Level (level 29) with its own concierge and Club lounge where 5 different food presentations are laid out each day. We were just expecting a few nibbles but every food presentation has a great spread. The Club lounge is a quiet oasis, through the day; Moet  Chandon champagne was served throughout. We spent quite a bit of time in the lounge just indulging ourselves with champagne  the great view overlooking Marina bay. Pool was small (and packed with kids) but service staffs were so attentive. Ever so ready to offer towels and water with a smile.Club Room was huge and came with Bvlgari toiletries and every amenity you could imagine. Butler drew a bubble bath for us and it was so romantic soaking in the bath with the great view offered by the huge window in the bathroom.  Overall I would say this is one great hotel!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tatsumi
<Content>Starting To Fade Despite all the glowing reviews, this is not a hotel in the same class as Claridge's or the Connaught in London, or the Raffles in Singapore (or other Ritz Carltons for that matter). Ground-breaking architecture and stunning bathrooms with windows overlooking the skyline were a real draw when the property opened 10 years ago, but a decade of wear and tear are starting to take their toll. My room on the 24th floor overlooked the harbor with its superb view. However, know that if you stay on this side of the hotel, the 24 hour construction noise from the casino project (still only just finishing the foundations) means a high noise level. The hotel's ventilation system also produces a low-pitched rumbling which can be annoying. Stains on carpets and furniture, peeling wallpaper in a few places, and filthy blinds above the 'bathtub window' are signs of the threads of decay being spun. The rooms are spacious  comfortable, but poor design means that the room doors open directly into the room (no foyer or hall) by the bed. Slamming doors and any noise in the hall can be extremely disruptive. Thoughtful staff and deftly-served room service, but the food is as expensive as London and small in portions (one piece of toast constituted a toast order, and note you pay $5 extra if you want 'premium' maple syrup with your waffles/pancakes instead of sugar syrup). The hotel lacks a cozy bar or place where a solitary traveler can relax; the lounge for drinks/tea is hard by the reception desks, and requests for a light meal there brought baffled stares. The Chinese restaurant is excellent; the other choice being the noisy, large buffet-oriented restaurant, always jammed with Singaporean families. Generous buffet, but $55 is steep. Limited ala carte menu  slow service. I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton many times over the years since it opened, and you can chart its subtle decline by the change in clientele, which now seems to consist mostly of package tourists and conventioneers, as opposed to the top-drawer business people when the property opened. Location will be great when the new circle line underground opens in early 2008, but right now it's a very long hoof to the nearest MRT station, and taxis can be hard to come by.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gingersnaps
<Content>Good service but ok room and ok food only. My husband  I visit S'pore 2 to 3 times a year because of my family and friends. We've stayed at Four Seasons( Regent before), Pan Pacific, Shangri-la , Marriott and Grand Hyatt(our most frequent choice because of Gold Passport and proximity to Orchard). Service in the Ritz is much above average for S'pore Hotels. Four Seasons would be a close second. The rest actually have rather medicore service if not poor. All the F B outlets have great service, food is not as good in the coffee house but the Chinese Restaurant is very good. Yet to try the Japanese rest. We did eat at the lunch buffet with friends at the Oscars in the nearby Conrad Hotel which also seemed like they've got good service. Seldom encounter good buffet but they do. Room is large and clean(love the mostly woodern floor concept, so much easier to keep it cleaner which I love, reduces mildew. It does offer good view. Good quality down duvet, it's of an actual breathable quality and and don't just COVER and suffocate u . Good hairdryer. Bed is a bit hard for my liking and pillows are too soft for my liking . Some concierge staff (Edmund and Janice)are very very helpful but some female (Clarissa and 2 others) and one male staff are not particularly helpful, bordering on rude. THis is the only negative feedback I have of this Hotel which is too bad if not would be an excellent experience in my view. The superior service in most areas I've encountered will still make me come back to try but the Conrad and Mandarin Oriental next door also interests my husband and I to try as well.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Vassilis
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in the Ritz-Carlton Millenia Singapore for 4 days to attend a medical congress. As is known, it is a 6-star hotel, and really it is ! Everything in this hotel is fantastic: the entire building, the reception, the public spaces inside and outside (the pool area was an oasis in the hot Singapore), the restaurants etc. I had breakfast in the Greenhouse restaurant, and I found the food excellent regarding the quality as well as the quantity and variety. The guest room with a city view was very big, and the bathroom fantastic. Singapore is an attractive city, and the Ritz-Carlton too. If there will be for me an occasion to visit Singapore again in the future, I will stay again in this great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrettnKay-Shanghai
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location       View from the room  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SimonWise
<Content>Ritz is a cracker Liked the Ritz. Great unbrellas, nice breakfast. Room with proper sheets. Bit pricey so get someone else to pay.Would like to go back as long as I wasn't paying.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>georgie_girl1
<Content>Nice, but not great OK, if you've read any other reviews about this hotel, you probably know by now that the bathroom is pretty much the best thing about it. It's true -- it's big, with a glorious view of the city from the massive window by the large bathtub. The bathtub is spiffily designed too, with the taps along the outer edge of the tub so that you don't have to lean in to manipulate them. There are nice little extras like a hairbrush, mouthwash, a loofah and bath salts. The lighting isn't very good though, not being bright enough for the size of the room. And while you may enjoy the view while soaking naked in the tub, be aware that anyone in the nearby office building can easily see you. There's a separate shower, which is always nice, but the shower head, while looking very impressive, is lacklustre in performance. The room itself isn't particularly impressive. I certainly expected better of the Ritz and for the price I paid. The floor is wooden and largely uncarpeted, which means it's not very soundproof or child-friendly either. The bed is higher than normal, which means it also isn't very child-friendly. Housekeeping is disappointingly inefficient, not attending to one's room even when one is gone for several hours. And if you're wondering where the kettle is (and the measly number of complimentary tea bags), look under the TV in the cabinet. Don't expect it to be near the ice bucket, the drinking glasses, or the fridge.Breakfast was disappointing too. The selection was mediocre, as was the quality. Nothing compared to the range at Swissotel The Stamford, which even included salmon. The stuff on offer at the Ritz was average, and much of it was cheap. The staff were very courteous though.In fact, the hotel staff is general were very helpful and polite. Their efforts, however, were not enough to mask the middling, unexceptional quality of my stay.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>HK79
<Content>What a hotel should be like! After years of recommendations from friends, I decided to try Ritz Carlton Singapore for a two night stay. While it is expensive (for Singapore), it's an impressive hotel. Excellent accommodation, service, food, and location. Ask for a room that faces city side, and enjoy the massive bath(room) overlooking the city through the massive windows.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lcacds
<Content>Perfect! True luxury. The rooms are elegant and impeccable. There was absolutely nothing I can pick on. I will always stay there when I go back to Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kpth
<Content>Great hotel Just Great!I went there for a business trip.Every hotel were fully booked due to a convention, so I had to stay at the RitzI enjoyed it!The service is great, staff call you by your name.The room is very nice, with the bathroom offering a nice view of the marina.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AreAnyNamesNotTaken
<Content>Superb hotel I'm inclined to agree with Ikura's assessment that this place sets the standard for 5* accomodation. It's not perfect, but it sets the bar pretty high.My room, which I think was one of the hotel's most basic (a relative term, obviously), was the same size as a junior suite at a Fairmont or Oberoi - it was very large. Better still was the bathroom, which, unlike the vast majority of hotels, had a window. And what a window: from my bath, I was able to enjoy a sweeping vista across the city, over the marina and out to sea; perfect after a hard day of slogging round town. And all for a price that wouldn't get you 3 stars in most of the world's major cities.Furthermore, the staff are second to none for charm and efficiency.In this context, the few small niggles seem so minor that I'm almost embarassed to list them. But in the interests of completeness I'll do so anyway: for a hotel that prides itself on its art collection, the expanse of unadorned, beige walls in my room was faintly depressing, and made the room appear unfinished; a squashed fly on the wall of my bathroom when I arrived on Monday was still there when I checked out on Friday; and breakfast - a few third rate pastries and a limited selection dull fruit (mostly from tins) - was a pretty poor effort. I am aware that only North Americans and the British really have any idea how to make breakfast, but most international hotels, wherever they are, manage to cater to international tastes.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>doydy
<Content>Great hotel!       Just had to take this photo  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AussieTravellerDU
<Content>Singapores Finest       Hotel  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>now I realize what 5 stars mean The Ritz Singapore has set a new standard for me on what 5 stars really mean. The room was large and clean, with a dream bathroom overlooking the harbor. Very good soundproofing - I didn't hear neighboring guests at all. My room was a peaceful retreat. Excellent services, such as free overnight shoeshine, and staff available to help at any time. Good location adjacent to a massive mall with excellent food and shopping options.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Nacho_Bilbao
<Content>Great Hotel in Singapore Folowing our holidays trip we came from Bangkok and then to Singapore. Although you will see that the hotel is located just over the harbour, then you will notice that everything is really close in Singapore and you will be in the city centre in just a walking distance.It's just what you expect from a Ritz hotel, really high quality, professionality and nice details to make your experience up to your expectations. We were in a deluxe room in the 20th floor with a view to the harbour. The room is big, xxl king size bed and a really comfortable bathroom with a shower apart and a bath where you can relax viewing the sunset over the harbour. Food was good, but we experienced more out from the hotel.I know that Singapore is one of the most civilised countries in Asia, but believe me if I tell you that in this hotel you will find the asian luxe with our western standards.In conclusion, a bit expensive, but in the end it's a Ritz...  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TimeTraveller21
<Content>A Very Good Hotel We stayed in Singapore for 4 nights and were lucky enough to have Marina Bay view rooms for Singapore's National Day celebrations. It was great to watch the celebrations and fireworks display with one of the best seats in Singapore. The local taxi drivers were very envious as they only get to see it on TV. I was told that tickets themselves are nearly impossible to obtain.The Ritz Carlton is a classy and high quality hotel in every respect. The bedrooms are spacious with very comfortable beds and wonderful bathrooms. The baths are directly next to panoramic windows which offer good views of Singapore. The quality of the view is slightly reduced by the building site that will become Singapore's new casino.The facilities throughout are excellent whether it be the bedroom or the leisure facilities such as the pool or gym. The staff were however even better than the facilities. They were always ready to help and even anticipate your needs. They even noticed when I returned from a trip out and my daughter was not with me ( she was sleeping off some jet lag). It really showed an exceptional level of observation.On another occasion we were running late for a show at the theatre and I asked a man in the shopping mall for directions. He showed us a short cut and even insisted on walking us through the mall and out to the main road. He turned out to be the Ritz Carlton Head of Catering. What more can I say !If I was to be critical I would say that some of the carpets and fittings in the rooms and througout the hotel are looking a little worn out and that the food ( apart from the excellent breakfast buffet) was good rather than exceptional. Maybe it was catering to western tastes a little too much !Overall this was an excellent hotel and amongest the best I have stayed in. I would certainly consider staying here again in a city with many excellent hotels.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SFBayTraveller
<Content>Just what you'd expect from the Ritz We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Millenia for the last night of our trip to Asia. It was everything I would expect from a Ritz. Great location, beautiful room, impeccable service and great food. We were on the 22nd floor and had a great view of the marina. The room was large, with a sitting area and luxurious bathroom. It really does look like the photos you see on their website! Since it's a little pricey, we only splurged one night but it was the perfect ending to our stay. Overall, I definitely feel like it was worth it! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobbieMelbourne
<Content>Unbelievable Experience This hotel was so wonderful - so modern - so clean and the staff were so genuine . SInpagore is a lovely destination and this hotel only made it a majical experience. I have stayed in many other 5 star hotels - but this really made my jaw drop! - From the magic room with an hexagional window with views to the bay and city sky line - marble bathroom - with many little extras - even mouth wash , hairbrush, and bath crystals !! the Gym is unreal - looking onto the pool - and they even follow you around giving you refills of water ! I am known to be a rather high maintenance person - as I am told ! - and I could not fault this hotel - please stay there and experience this for yourself...  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DohaRgb
<Content>The 8th Wonder of the World! The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore offers a welcoming environment and has one of the most luxurious guestrooms in Singapore. Part of the Marina Centre waterfront complex, all the rooms have panoramic views of the skyline and marina, world-class dining and a host of recreational facilities right on-site. The spacious modern-design guestrooms are well-appointed indeed, featuring a walk-in wardrobe, luxurious bathrobes and much more.The service, the staff, every single area will keep with us the best memories for ever!Keep up the good work!You really deserve to be the No. 1 Hotel in Asia.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mayouchka4
<Content>Excellent location, Excellent service , Excellent choice!! I have stayed for a month and yet cannot get bored of this magnificent place !! Location is perfect , is near every thing.. Biggest shopping malls are just minutes away, walking distance to every single attraction in the city..As a product , it has the classiest and finest taste, rooms are spacious and view is wonderful. Hotel staff is very welcoming, always smiling and at your service..in general, The Ritz- Carlton Millenia Singapore is just the place to be, to feel home away from home!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarvinHC
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed in! I have stayed in many different hotels in Singapore but the Ritz Carlton is in a different league alltogether. The rooms are huge, very nicely decorated and well maintained. I had a room with a view on the harbour with the special feature of the bathtub being right to the window with a beautiful view. AMAZING! Also, the breakfast is stunning, a choice I have never experienced anywhere else before or after. Only small downside: I stayed for 2 weeks and turned off the aircondition on the first day, but it took almost a week to get to a temperature which I found ok (I am European, I don't mind it being a bit warmer ;-) )  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Meet-the-Furkids
<Content>Singapore in Style...Loved the Ritz       Amazing Bathtub View  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>4rubylou
<Content>Great Stay at the Ritz       lounge area  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bembridge
<Content>Good. BUt not the bets in town.       Room 1003 Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sgd73
<Content>A very very impressive hotel We stayed at the Ritz Carlton as part of a Singapore Stopover on our way back from Europe in June. As we were recently engaged, we received a lovely upgrade to a corner suite which was beautiful and the room was extremely spacious and well appointed, as was the bathroom. The view from the windows was also very impressive. One small annoyance was the fact that there was only one towel rail in the bathroom though. The service at this hotel was fantastic, from the concierge, front desk staff, porters and restaurant staff and this hotel certainly lived up to it's reputation as one of Asia's finest hotels in terms of it's service. We ate at the restaurant for breakfast on one day, it's mostly an Asian style buffet (which was very good) with a limited Western offering. We also had the dinner buffet once which was excellent. The price of wine and bottled water is extremely high (especially for wine which I know I can get at restaurants at home for less than half the price and which is not that good to begin with)The hotel is in a good location, within easy walk (underground via Marina Square to stay out of the heat) to City Hall MRT station and also to the restaurants along the riverbank. (Can also recommend doing the Night Safari, it's worth it). Singapore Stopover makes this an excellent hotel to stay at and one that I can highly recommend!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>doggieluver
<Content>Spectacular! I cannot rave more about this hotel. The level of service is beyond belief and the bathrooms extremely sexy with a sea view. The rooms are spacious and decorated in a modern, chic way that is quite distinct from other first-class business hotels. The check-in process is done in my room, which is equipped with a fax machine before I walk in. The business center staff is very friendly and responds to customers' requests promptly. The pool is also very nice. I don't always look forward to staying at business hotels, but I always look forward to staying at the Ritz in Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlobalJana
<Content>Beautiful Hotel ... but got food poisoning! The Ritz Carlton Millenia Singapore is a beautiful hotel and the staff is extremely helpful ... the rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are FANTASTIC! You can soak in the tub and have the most amazing views of Singapore while doing it. The workout facility is fantastic as well, the pool is decent.The only problem I've had at the Ritz in Singapore (having stayed there multiple times) ... is that I got food poisoning from the buffet! And so did my coworker on the same trip! I'm not exactly sure which food it was (the doctor said it was uncooked chicken or fish) but it was the worst food poisoning I've ever gotten. After returning to the states and being diagnosed, we called the hotel and they said they hadn't gotten any other complaints but we are 100% sure we got it at the Ritz. The last few days of our trip - we ONLY ate at that restaurant (we were there for work and swamped) - so it was definitely from there. They comped us one meal for our troubles (we were surprised they didn't offer more - but if they hadn't received otehr complaints at that point - maybe they didn't believe us).Regardless of the food poisoning, the hotel really is quite lovely and I've stayed there again since with no problems. I'd just be a little skeptical of the buffet  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark_from_Thailand
<Content>Hotel good, Staff great! I have stayed at the RC Millenia several times  have always found it special  a great example of the 'classic' Ritz Carlton style.The staff are happy to go to almost any lengths for the guests  seem genuinely friendly.If the staff can capture one of your preferences (from the type of pillow you like to the types of beer you drink) - they will record it  work hard to ensure you get it.The location is great, superb views of the harbour.I'd stay there every time I visit Singapore if I could.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Quezon
<Content>Not so Great stay       King size bed  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>wallyQ
<Content>Great Hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>horchesr
<Content>Impeccable Service I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Singapore over a weekend for a short family get-away. From the beginning, the service provided by staff at the Ritz was impeccable and above reproach. Everything that you need is attended to promptly upon request and they do their best to make your stay so comfortable that you don't want to leave. The room was lovely - the bathroom was fabulous. The main bathroom, with the bathtub, shower facilities was gorgeous with an unonstructed view of the Singapore skyline. The separated toilet was great because it allows for greater privacy but the space is a little claustrophobic - could use a little bit more space in there! The layout of the room was alright though I think it can be improved but that's a minor individual preference than a glaring flaw that detracts from the experience. The room was nice and spacious which is a definite plus point. However, given that it is the Ritz, I would have expected their bed linens to be more pristine. While I did spot some stains here and there, they weren't too conspicous so that's alright. Swimming pool is a little too small in my opinion, with too little deckchairs given the size of the hotel. Faclitiies like the gym is top notch though a little small. Gym staff are on hand to measure your BMI and stuff like that to advise you on nutritional aspects such as your recommended daily calorie intake. All in all, a good experience and would defintely recommend it to others.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>elliemaybelle
<Content>outstanding We were lucky enough to stay here for free as it was an incentive trip. The hotel is outstanding,pure luxury. Service is second to none. Had breakfast in the greenhouse restuarant every morning and it was lovely, lots of variety, fresh juices, gorgeous scrambled eggs ! On the first night we had an iron that didn't work and not very hot water in the bath, we phoned down and it was sorted straight away. They honestly cannot do enough for you, would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JerseySam
<Content>Great to Look At, Not to Stay I've stayed in the Ritz Singapore about half a dozen times, but will try not to do so again. There's no doubt this is one of the most beautiful and elegant hotels in a city full of top-notch lodging. The rooms are well appointed and views from the bathrooms, particularly the bathtubs, are striking. The problem is that service does not keep up with the high-end appeal of the place. The Ritz seems to be chronically understaffed with high turnover and new hires. Any request phoned in from the room takes 15 minutes or more to fulfill. Rooms are not well maintained - in recent stays, one toilet was gurgling like it was ready to blow a lid, the air conditioner in another room vibrated loudly. When I called down about both situations, service was unfailingly polite but extraordinarily slow, which was a problem in the first case especially because I had arrived in Singapore after midnight and wanted to go straight to sleep. Dollar for dollar, there are many better places to stay in Singapore. If you're in need of a prestigious address, or if you are a very relaxed traveler looking for an interesting hotel experience, the Ritz may still be for you. But if you're looking for serious sleep and service that can handle the unexpected, try elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjjking
<Content>This is truly a luxury hotel! Top of the class!       View of the room and the bed (partial)  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RichRichRich
<Content>Great hotel, great location Stayed here for 4 nights on business.The location is great for people with business in the Suntec City area, and it's close to the usual shopping and restaurants that seem to be everywhere in Singapore.The room was one of the nicest, largest hotel rooms I have EVER seen. Instead of a closet, there is a walk-in closet. The bathroom is HUGE and includes a separate bathtub next to the window with a view of the bay. Nice!Breakfast was AMAZING - the typical international business breakfast, but with feeling - lots of every type of cuisine. The service was excellent, but the front-desk staff was really not very quick. I had to wait a while to check in and check out.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>LAT10258
<Content>Fantastic       the bathroom  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJ&HTraveltheworld
<Content>Good but not great My family had an excellent stay in Singapore. We had stayed at Raffles on the way to Oz but the Ritz on the way back home. The Ritz carlton is a little way from the town but has great views of the harbour. The service and facilities are good and the restaurant food is truly excellant. My only complaint would be the size of the room was not quite as large as I would have liked.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woodai
<Content>5 star but they need to pay more attention to little details My family (husband, sisters and father) travelled from Hong Kong to Singapore for the 4-day Chinese New Year holiday. The hotel overall was fine - large room and really nice view of PSA (container port) from the bathtub. I thought they could have paid a little more attention to tiny details, such as the 2 broken lights in our bathroom as well as the broken light bulb in room. Housekeeping came 3 times to fix the lights but if they paid more attention they would have noticed the broken lights.Most 5-star hotels in Asia will provide 2 bottles of complimentary mineral water every day, some will provide 2 bottles every morning and every evening (total 4 bottles a day). We are happy to purchase our own but this hotel gave us 2 very small bottles of complimentary mineral water on Day 1 and that was it! If you're the Ritz Carlton you don't want your guests to remember you as the hotel who was too cheap to give their guests complimentary mineral water (yes, I know the tap water is safe to drink in Singapore).We asked guest services if any hawker centers were open for breakfast and the words that came out of the lady's mouth was, it's the 2nd day... It's the 2nd day of WHAT? When you're the Ritz Carlton you may wish to consider thinking about your response from the guest's point of view before responding with just any response. You want to your guests to feel like you understand them and you've gone out of your way to help them. That lady definitely needs more training on how to handle guest inquiries.When we checked out the lady who checked us out spent half the time talking on her mobile telephone with someone else and asked me for my room number twice (although I had given her my room number when I approached the desk). She obviously couldn't multi-task (I wasn't expecting that) but I would have been happy to wait for her the finish her very important telephone call. BTW, the 3 other people manning the check out desk weren't doing anything and I would have been happy to have someone else assist us. Again, that left a bad impression.Finally, when we arrived at the airport we discovered that the taxi we took was the more expensive type, flat rate SGD35 for the ride. As we are not from Singapore the bell captain did not inform us that there were two types of taxis (regular vs luxury). I only discovered the difference when I interrogated the taxi driver about the price (I recall spending less money for the taxi ride to the airport on a business trip 2 weeks ago!).I will stay at the Ritz Carlton Singapore again but I hope they'll pay more attention to the little details next time.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Atajack
<Content>Not quite up to expectations Spent 2 nights in Feb and the rooms and hotel location are stunning. We had a Marina View room and it absolutely wowed us away with its breathtaking views. We also had booked access to club level on the 32nd floor which offers inclusive F  B, definitely worth doing if you plan to spend some time in the hotel during the day. Sipping champagne cocktails with views of Singapore on all sides as the sun sets is certainly an unforgettable experience!For all the good aspects with the accommodation there were just a few shortcomings over the service which having heard so many glowing reports about the hotel we found a little disappointing. Club guests are checked in separately on the Club level but for some reason you are checked in first at the main reception. Having booked a non-smoking room we were shown to a room which smelled strongly of smoke. When we complained we were advised that an alternative non-smoking room would not be available until later that evening so it was 11.00pm before we moved into a suitable room.We decided to have breakfast on the Club level and the presentation was fairly limited and on reflection we should have had breakfast in the main dining room. We arrived at about 10.15am on the first morning and no sooner had we sat down than the staff started clearing away the food from the buffet. Breakfast was served in the Club until 10.30 but even if we were too late for the Club why didn't the staff explain that they were no longer serving breakfast and suggest we went to the main dining room instead rather than having to rush our breakfast? It was very unprofessional. There were other small things - you have to ring to have the ice bucket filled in your room and in the main lounge bar where we went after dinner on one night some of the candles on the tables were not lit. Not just a couple of tables but most of them! It just showed a lack of attention to detail which you would not expect in a hotel of this standard.Overall - outstanding accommodation and location but let down by poor service.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amysa
<Content>Marvelous! We read the online reviews before staying at this hotel. Given the superlative reviews on tripadvisor, we had high expectations upon arrival at the hotel. We were not disappointed! Check in was a breeze, concierge was extremely attentive, room was magnificent, bed comfortable, room larger than usual singapore hotel rooms, bathroom spacious, walk in closet huge, and of course, the view from the bath tub was breathtaking! Amenities were standard/generic. We will definitely be back, and we recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curlywee
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Singapore for 3 nights from 11 Dec 06 as a stop over on our way to Australia and 1 night on the return journey. What a fantastic hotel. The service was immaculate and the bellhops coudn't do enough for you. Everyone was so smiley and friendly. Even the taxi drivers were very informative and friendly. Our breakfast was included and what a breakfast it was! The choice was superb - it really set you up for the day. (Especially the shopping on Orchard Road!) Our room was fantastic with fabulous views from the enormous windows. It is true, you can lie in the bath and look out of the window!! The shower was enormous and everywhere was immaculately clean. I've never seen a bed as big AND comfortable. My son, who is 16 could have gotten in with my husband and I !! but he said he'd prefer to sleep on the rollaway bed that was provided for him. Altogether a fantastic choice. It wasn't cheap but well worth every penny.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>two trees
<Content>A Superb Hotel My wife and I spent two nights at the Ritz-Carlton on 19th and 20th January. We had booked a Club Corner Suite via the hotel website, and thoroughly enjoyed our experience from the moment we were picked up at Changi from our flight from London, to our reluctant departure. The welcome, the suite and the Club Lounge were all excellent, as were the food and refreshments on offer. We loved the signature bathroom with its views from the tub and were surprised to find that the writing desk was equipped with scissors, sticky tape, paper clips and other goodies in addition to the usual stationery and a pen if you're lucky!The staff were exceedingly polite and helpful and succeeded in anticipating most of our wishes. Nobody is allowed to appear to be lost in the Ritz-Carlton without being approached with offers of assistance.All in all, a splendid hotel which we shall revisit and enjoy more of its facilities next time we pass through Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traminer
<Content>Exceptional experience Enjoyed my stay immensely. Harbour view rooms were recently renovated with lots of space and discreetly furnished. Non-suite rooms come with the house (ie non-Bvlgari) tolietaries. Gym/pool facilities were clean. The service is truely exemplary. Being a jaded Singaporean, I was surprised by how we are capable of being hospitable without overbearing. The staff, from front desk, lobby, health club to the Greenhouse and even the security guard at the Marina Square entrance, were polite and professional with a smile. Somehow they found out it was my birthday and I was pleasantly shocked by a bottle of Moet in the room upon check-in. Perfect for that bath with the view!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>enr12
<Content>Great View and excellent service The service was excellent, from the front door to the pool attendant.The staff went out of their way to help out, and every where we went they wished you a good morning or a good afternoon. When I asked them for directions they just didn't point out to me how to get there, but walked me to the door and pointed the way, even if it meant walking from one end of the building to the other.The rooms were excellent in size, and a little low on drawers, and the lights at night were a little dim.Excellent views from the bath tub, and a very good size bath room too. I would stay here again on my next trip if the price was competitive with the Oriental next door.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sept_Rain
<Content>Didnt Wow Me Away We booked a 1 night stay with the Ritz Carlton Singapore to celebrate our 6th anniversary. Wanting a surprise for my hubby, I also submitted an online request for a complimentary cake. A couple of hours later, much to my delight, a Ritz Carlton personnel called me back to confirm my request and promised a cake will be presented upon my check-in. On the day itself, the check-in process was a pleasant and speedy, without much hassle. Most of my requests were met 鈥?a high floor room, king sized bed, non-smoking room and an early check in. The room was okay but I wasn鈥檛 overwhelmed or overly excited about the room. Furthermore, there was a smell in the room 鈥?it smelled like fresh paint. I guess that management might have just refurnished or re-paint the room. However, I feel that the management should be sensitive enough not to use such rooms coz the smell can be real unpleasant.The swimming pool was nice and the service was ok. We often noticed the staff changing the towels on the chairs to maintain the hygienic level in the pool. But the most disappointing part was the cake - I wonder how did the message convey to the kitchen 鈥?somehow or rather, the wedding anniversary cake turned out to be a birthday cake with a Happy Birthday logo. I checked repeatedly with the reception and they failed to give me a satisfactory answer. I also provided feedback to the management, but till date there was no reply from them yet. Overall, the stay was okay but not the 鈥淲ow鈥?kind.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>neilmadhvani
<Content>Pure perfection - so hard to fault the Ritz-Carlton...       Deluxe Kallang View Room  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tlc222
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This was our second trip to Singapore in the last few years and we did wonder whether we should try the Fullerton this time. However, we decided to go back to the Ritz Carlton having had a wonderful stay there last time.We were not disappointed. We were met at the airport and quickly whisked away along the east coast parkway to the hotel.On arrival at the hotel we were taken straight up to the Club lounge as we had booked a club room.Unfortunately, the club manager informed us that our room wasnt available immediately. He asked if we would object to being upgraded to a one bedroomed suite instead. That didnt take much thought!The suite was enormous and overlooked Marina Bay. A fascinating view by day with all the activity but by night it is even more impressive with views over the bay, the Fullerton, the financial district and along the Singapore river to Boat Quay.The club lounge had been extended since our last visit. There are still 5 food and beverage presentations per day. So basically, should you wish , you can eat all your meals here.( Meals are buffet type though). A very nice addition is the Martini bar which overlooks the city of Singapore. Here, May makes absolutely wonderful martinis, several of which we sampled.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to City Hall MRT which links you with the rest of the island. You can walk to it via shopping malls and links so rarely have to go outside in the sticky heat.Taxis are also plentiful outside the hotel. We only used them once and I think we chose badly. The taxi driver was very disgruntled when we asked to go to the Stamford hotel, about 5 mins away and grumbled all the way there. The staff are very friendly, especially in the club lounge. Nothing is too much trouble.Only one little quibble was our room didnt get turned down one evening, our cleaned the next morning, as we were still in bed at 8.15am, we had to ring housekeeping to let them know as the maid didnt return later either.Im sure this was just a one off as it has never happened to us there before.Unfortunately, I cant comment on the retaurants as we either nibbled in the club lounge or ate in the city, but their write ups in the city guides were very good.We loved it there and will definitely be going back for a third visit.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CorporateNomad
<Content>Not what it used to be i've stayed at this hotel many, many times, from the week after opening, until my most recent stay last month. I feel I am therefore in a position to say that the service has gone down a notch or two. The service at the front desk is not as effortless or as friendly as it used to be. During the first two years of operation I felt that the Ritz-Carlton was the best hotel in Singapore hands down. However now, whether it's due to cost cutting or otherwise, the staff is not up to their own previously set standards. The reception staff is often distracted, juggling several tasks at once. On two seperate check in occasions the staff was brisk in replies to the point of being discourteous.In the past I sent my clients, family and friends to this hotel. The emergence of several excellent boutique hotels and serviced apartments in Singapore make the Ritz Carlton a less attractive proposition. If a premium price is to be charged, the serivce had better be up to the level. It isn't. As a result I cannot recommend this hotel as a first choice. If I pay a premium I want premium service, it's as simple as that. The interior upholstery fabrics, carpets, and lighting scheme could use a refresh as well; they're looking tired. The Ritz-Carlton is still better than average; it's just not as good as it used to be.On a plus point, the bathrooms are still the most romantic and breathtaking in Singapore. And the sashimi served in the small Japanese restaurant is amongst the top three in South East Asia.The hotel still deserves an above average rating but in terms of value for money it is distinctly average.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>DA2
<Content>very nice This was our first time at the ritz millenia. It was definitely a nice stay. The hotel location is excellent! Its right next 2 large shopping malls, which are literally out the hotels back door! Everything is readily available there.There are free shuttles to orchard road every hour. But if you take a taxi thats a cheap 10 minute ride to orchard road. All the other touristic places are a close taxi ride as well.Overall an excellent hotel, with great staff!Nice and quiet location!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Abstraction
<Content>Outstanding We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The room was quiet, comfortable - perfect temperature - and had a great view. The breakfast was fantastic. This is truly one of the best city hotels in the world.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>matchtrader
<Content>Nice Place but watch out for the fees       View from room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Glindaba
<Content>First Class After a disastrous start at the Rasa Sentosa, we moved to the Marina Mandarin (superb) and then to the Ritz Carlton for our final four nights in Singapore.Our stay in a suite included access to the club lounge and the experience was so good that we hardly saw the city! Traditional furnishings and fantastic views with a particularly stunning view from the bath!The staff in the lounge could not be faulted and the five, yes five daily food presentations nothing short of fantastic.Great pool area and fitness centre too.A faultless stay and highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bo94114
<Content>Wonderful Staff I stayed here for 2 nights on the club level. The staff here were awesome! After the first meeting they knew your name. Very warm and inviting.The public areas of the hotel are very sleek and borderline stark. Elevators were quick. Payphones are on the level with the meeting rooms. Pool looked nice but it was very smokey due to the fires so I did not linger outside anymore then I had too.Club: nice selection of breakfast and lunch items. Very helpful. request for a later check out was accomodated. Very comfortable. 2 computers available for you to use. Nice selection of evening drinks.Room: Great sized. Great Bathroom. No name amenities are being replaced with Bvlgari. Nice robes. Great views. bed was comfortable. Plenty of hangers. Good desk with small office supplies in the drawer. Asked for a transformer that was delivered straight away. Paper delivered each morning. Slippers and shoe shine sponge in the closet along with a small safe, shopping bag, and umbrella. Maid left a key in the slot for me so I did not have to put mine in everytime I came back to get the power working. Not so good: Internet. Could not get the wireless to work. The broadband did work at S$30.00 a day. Only 1 packet of instant regular coffee per day for the kettle plus 1 pack of decaf and some tea. You need to walk through 3 malls to get to the MRT. There is some constuction noise from the MRT station being built across the street. There is a complementary shuttle from the mall next door to Tangs that leaves around :45 after the hour. Taxi's are reasonable. The hotel is a little removed but it is a quick trip to just about anything. Buffet Breakfast had a good selection. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>AngeJ
<Content>Absolutely Spot On We stayed here as part of our Singapore Stop Over deal from Singapore Airlines while en-route to New Zealand, because of this the price we paid was quite unbelievable and we would have happily paid double!From the moment we arrived at 8:30am the staff were fantastic and we were able to access our rooms right away, after some complimentary tea and cold drinks of course.Rooms were fabulous, we had 2 twin rooms on the 6th and 8th floors. Was a little annoying that the rooms weren't together as you cannot get the lift to stop at any floor other than your own so a lot of keycard exchanging went on when we wanted to meet in one room! It may be worth asking about this if you are in a group but for us it wasn't really so important. One of the rooms was slightly larger as it was a corner room, our view was out of the back of the hotel so no Marina but still pretty impressive.We didn't eat at the hotel as there were lots of places close by and as our time was limited we wanted to see Singapore itself. We did have drinks in the bar one night and although obviously pricey it was amazing and I think the Singapore Slings are slightly better than those in Raffles! The bar manager was especially friendly and spent much of the night chatting with us, nothing was too much trouble.Only two slightly negative things, when we arrived they hadn't restocked the mini bar and therefore some things appeared on the bill that we hadn't had however we said that it wasn't us and they were wiped straight away, no questions asked.The other thing is getting used to the lines of staff greeting you! I thought some VIPs must be arriving at first but then I realised that this is just part of the deal! At times there were 10 or so staff lining up at the door all rushing to open it for you and wish you a good day - this can be a little intimidating when you aren't looking or feeling your best!! Can also be a little infuriating when you are just nipping out of the bar to go to the bathroom and get wished goodnight by 5 people, only to reappear a few minutes later to be enthusiastically greeted by them all again! Still I would prefer this to grumpy staff.I filled in my customer questionnaire when I left and when I arrived home 4 weeks later had a personal letter thanking me for my feedback - that's what I call service!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tresadla
<Content>Tired and in need of a refurb I used to send people to this hotel all the time when I worked for a bank, they all would love it, last week I finally got to stay there myself I was very excited.I have to say I wasn't as impressed as all the other reviewers, for me this was a huge come-down. Firstly as you come into the hotel the immediate view is one of a staircase going down into the basement, certainly no wow factor, as you look to the left a huge open plan (not romantic at all) restaurant that would seat around 100 people, go to the right and there is a large open lounge area (that I later realised is the bar too, go figure??) this also doubles as the reception, which was weird I thought, having people trundling though with luggage and bags whilst people are sitting around in their finery. I didn't like it at all.Room was a nice size, bed lovely, and bathroom amazing with THOSE windows but the decor is all a bit bland and because of this you see lots of scuff marks everywhere, carpets are bland and dirty too. All in all, I think this place needs to have a serious designer in to revamp the entire hotel, especially the bar/lounge/reception area, that was the biggest disappointment. No one in their right mind wants to wander into a noisy bar area after a long haul flight that is filled with people looking their best.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jusco
<Content>Can it be too good? I don't truly believe you could be disappointed in The Ritz, and this is also true for Singapore. What I loved the most was the massive bathroom that had huge windows that overlooked the most amazing view of the city. I wasn't that keen in the lcoation though, only one over priced rather boring department store nearby. The problem with The Ritz's are you are in the most amazing cities and you have paid a good chunk of money to justify staying in your room and never going out. In which case you are better off just paying to stay in one in your nearest city.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>__
<Content>Lovely Really a lovely and comfortable stay. The window by the bathtub really offers a magnificent view of Clarke Quay and the Fullerton Hotel. And the driveway up to the hotel is just enchanting. Room service menu is surprisingly yummy and prompt. Great value.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lkaran1
<Content>worth the price! We stayed at the Ritz Millenia for 5 days in Sep 06. Their staff were super friendly - and made all the arrangements we asked for. The location is perfect for evening walks by the river, with all the restaurants nearby. The bathroom was the highlight of the accomodations - we had the river view which was spectacular.Will definitely recommend this place to anyone!One downside: the room service breakfast options are limited, you are better off walking to a cafe nearby.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>josefhabas
<Content>loved the ritz I stayed for 4 nights with my daughter.We stayed at the club level so we could enjoy their lounge.The hotel is great, the room and lounge are very comfortable,the staff is very friendly and they somehow know you all byyour name.The star of the hotel is their buffet at the main resturant.Do not miss the outside pool which is surrounded by abeautiful tropical garden.The location is very close to 3 shopping malls.Will certainly choose this hotel again.Josef, Jerusalem  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MKPA
<Content>One of the best This hotel is simply one of the best! Great service, lovely rooms, views spectacular (even the City view), very pleasant and accommodating front desk. All that a hotel should be, and more!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GU1
<Content>Perfect We stayed here for 3 nights as the final stop of our 2 week honeymoon in Malaysia. I spent a long time researching hotels as there were so many but I wanted our stay to be perfect as it was our honeymoon and something we would always remember. We chose right - the hotel was amzaing - really buzzy yet friendly. We did not eat in the hotel at all as we felt we wanted to be out in Singapore more but we did have breakfast in our oom one morning which was amazing. The room was better than I expected - I had chose it for the views (from the bathroom!) and it was ideal. Not the most contemporary hotel but very elegant and comfortable. Good location - again some could have bettered this being more central but we really enjoyed walking through the malls into the centre. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BecSte
<Content>All we expected - and more! We expected from the information in the holiday brochures and online that the Ritz Carlton Millenia would be excellent and it certainly was. It exceeded our expectations and we could not fault it. We were told that the hotel has 5 stars plus one diamond, ranking it amongst Singapore's best. The rooms were superb with fantastically comfortable beds, and pillows and duvets we wanted to bring home! The staff were attentive without being over the top; nothing seemed to be too much trouble. We happened to be there for the Independence celebrations (9th-13th August 2006) and the marina views we had from our rooms meant we were in the perfect spot for an uninterupted view of the most fabulous fireworks.Without a doubt we would love to return to this hotel again. Singapore is a fantastic city and the Ritz-Carlton a fantastic place in which to enjoy it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Danielle_Jamie
<Content>Loved the bed and bath! Second time stay at this hotel. Wonderful! This time round, we stayed at a Club level room and hence has accessed to the club lounge. The view is fantastic (high floor). The bed is soft and heavenly. Bath with a view is to die for! Overall, a very enjoyable stay. The only complaint is that the food served at the club lounge is so-so (I've tasted better and wider food selections at other hotels).  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>krisflyer
<Content>A terrific place to stay Have just returned from our 4th stay at the Ritz Carlton in Singapore. We can't fault the place, particularly the Club rooms and the accompanying excellent service. How can it be that, after 12 months away from the place, staff in the lobby could greet us by name? The staff are attentive and thoughtful, but without the stuffiness of other hotels of similar standard that we have used in the city. The Club offers five presentations of food and drink each day, and for us, it was an excellent way to try some dishes we might not have otherwise experienced. The atmosphere was discreet and relaxing. Our suite was very spacious and had a huge feather bed, which was so comfortable that, given a chance, I'd still be in it now. I notice they have upgraded the tvs - a good move, and the Club offers a dvd library. We made good use of the gym and, there too, the staff were excellent and facilities were very good. A short, cheap, cab ride gets you anywhere in Singapore, so location is never an issue. We'll definitely be going back there when we return to Singapore.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minetta
<Content>Super customer service My husband and myself have just come back from a trip to Asia where we also stayed at the Ritz Carlton.The hotel was exactly what we had expected and fully lived up to its name.The most exceptional points were the customer staff the person that met us Ms. Lynett, professional, kind and extreamly helpful.We really apprected the beautiful though of the Chocolate cake sent to our room courtesy of the hotel for our anniversary.Will definitely return!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>wacka
<Content>Amazing Personal Service...But too many rooms and too crowded This may be the biggest Ritz Carlton in the world (definitely the largest I have ever stayed in with more than 600 rooms) and the sheer volume of traffic in and through the hotel takes away from the experience. Waiting for elevators, club lounge overflowing, and an abundence of young children (okay, sorry if I am not tolerent of 2 year olds on the club floor...) take away from the atmosphere of a typical Ritz property. The rooms are huge and comfortable (but furniture and fabrics need updating in the bedrooms and in main floor cafe). The Staff here is remarkable. Keeping up with 1000 staying guests is not easy. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE is pleasant, friendly, knowledgable, and sharp/well educated. This is a well trained team and they seem to genuinely enjoy their vocation. The conceirge made numerous reservations for us and he was SPOT ON with excellent recommendations.In short, too big (can't change that...) perfect staff, and slightly outdated furnishings best describe this property.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laroush
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else! Every single experience we had at the Ritz was great. Stayed there with my husband and 2 kids (6 and 9) for last 4 days of July.Service was amazing- friendly, curtious and attentive- how can everyone know our name in such a big hotel?Rooms were spacious and very well appointed, the bathrooms were very impressive with the famous window over the tub! Cleanliness and housekeeping in general was top notch. Pool, spa and gym were excellent (pool is partially in the shade so you don't always get a chaise in the sun). Room service was good and fast- even provided us with table, linens and cutlery when we told them we had hawker food take out in our room!Breakfast was one of the best buffets i have ever seen with not just a huge selection but the very best quality- dim sum was great. Staff there were attentive and great with the kids.I like that it is a bit removed from the hustle and bustle of Orchard but only minutes away by cheap and always available cabs. Shopping and restaurants connected to hotel via walkway to Marina Square. I would not think of staying anywhere else in Singapore- even my 6-year old said I'm gonna miss the Ritz!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SilvanR.
<Content>Best quality in Singapore, but not perfect! We ' ve stayed at the Ritz Carlton for 4 nights. Actually we wanted to stay at the Raffles the Plaza for 5 nights, but this hotel was so dreadful and too expensive for value! So we had a look at all the other good hotels (Four Seasons, Hyatt, Oriental, Raffles..) but we decided to stay at the Ritz Carlton. Rooms were quite spacious, the hotel was clean and the stuff was much more friendly than elsewhere. The pool is probably the most romantic in town. Of course the hotel is not very charming, but you won't find a better one. All in all I was a bit disappionted of the hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>t-puk
<Content>Fireworks fiesta! Threw a party over the weekend (5/8) to catch the fireworks festival, and the view from 1802 (Marina) was superb. Loved the humongous Sharp Aquos LCD tv, a DVD player is also provided so remember to bring your own movies.Other than the delicious bak kut teh and very fresh orange juice, Breakfast spread was just so so. IMO, Oriental wins hands-down.Late check-out was not accomodated, rollaways fully taken despite request made more a month ago, but otherwise requests were met within a short period of time.Worth staying only with a good rate.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Palesa
<Content>The standard We stayed for the weekend -it was our wedding weekend. We stayed in the presidential suite on the 2nd to top floor... the ones you need a special key to get up to. The suite was divine. The service second to none. The only downer was the breakfast buffet in the club room which was quite uninspired. The views from the suite was lovely. We had a special dinner for 6 catered to our room and it was very, very good. For me, it will take a lot for a hotel to replicate or exceed this service.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>A luxurious hotel, but fading in elegance!       The famous view bath  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoeandSandra
<Content>In a word - class       Chihuly Lounge  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deemery
<Content>Highlight of my wife's trip...       Us with Wilbur and Zulkiflee Januar  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>slckiwi
<Content>Loved the Ritz       Pool  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Navigator10
<Content>Lived up to my high expectations       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>janalibor
<Content>An Amazing Hotel I have just had a stop over night at this hotel and it is very good. I was met at the door were about 12 members of staff waited to great and welcome visitors was shown to reception were a very efficient member of staff booked me in and gave me instructions on how to get to my room. The room was large with wonderful bathroom everything was spotless and very well presented. I was offered a late check out 3pm) as I was on a late plane onwards and spent a couple of hours by the pool where a lovely member of staff made extra sure that i wanted for nothing. It is probably not the easiest place to wait for your transport back to the airport so you might want to consider a meal or a drink in the bar. It is in a good location if you want to explore a little and has extensive shopping nearby A great experience, would love to return  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bostongirly
<Content>Nowhere near true 5-star Quality Definitely a disappointing hotel. As mentioned in other reviews, there are some serious issues with reception staff and unprofessional attitudes throughout. The rooms are quite boring, dated and worn furniture, moldy-smelling showers and toilets, air-conditioning blows right onto beds. The only special attraction of the rooms are the views over the marina and the spacious baths... but with the selection of top hotels available in Singapore, it is hardly worth staying here just for these benefits. The public areas are buzzing with staff, but they operate chaotically and without effect and indeed can be annoying and seem unable to discern the concept of the appropriate distance between staff and paying guests. After probably the most pretentious High Tea presentation we've ever seen, we were shocked to observe kitchen staff breaking-down the food displays by stacking towers of serving plates filled with food on top of each other, with food disgistingly overflowing over the edges, sweets were pushed off plates and summarily dumped onto other plates in a public display that left us aghast at such disrespect toward the food which we had just eaten... as if it were only so much garbage... and all this occuring in full sight of a room filled with customers and with an orchestra obliviously playing on. Truly a surreal experience(in a negative sense)! The Ritz-Carlton Singapore is all pretence and a pastiche of 5-star quality. Strictly a hotel for poseurs, amateurs and those impressed solely by the Ritz label...  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bugs1012
<Content>Excellent hotel with great staff Our stay at the Ritz Carlton was excellent.From the moment we stepped out of the taxi our luggage was whisked away and Lynette, an extremely helpful lady from guest services, took us to the front desk and then up to our room. At no point did anyone hover around waiting for a tip - in fact they ran away!The room overlooked the marina and had a really lovely feeling - cant quite explain why. The bathroom was enormous and had an excellent shower as well as a deep bath that overlooked the marina from a huge picture window (note - important to close the blinds at night otherwise you're putting on a show for the hotel next door....).Every interaction with the staff was fantastic - everyone going further than necessary to ensure our stay was perfect. Two great examples - We arrived back at the hotel one night and the taxi couldnt break our 50 dollar bill, so the doorman just paid him while another doorman went into the hotel and split the 50 into 5x10. All before we could even think about it. And we asked the concierge directions to the nearest mall and he didnt just point us there, he literally walked with us for 3 minutes til we could see the building.I really cant recommend this hotel enough. would give it 6 out of 5 if i could.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tess01
<Content>Lovely hotel Stayed at this hotel with my husband and children at the beginning of February 2006. Though we arrived at 8am, the staff endeavoured to find us a room to rest in while our own rooms were readied. We were disappointed that a connecting room for our children could not be arranged (though we had requested it upon booking), but the staff did put us in adjacent rooms. The rooms large and well appointed, and while the view was just of the city and roads from our side of the hotel, it was still quite amazing, especially at night. A nice touch was when the staff made sure we were aware of the fireworks at the marina for Chinese New Year. Door staff were friendly and welcoming. The pool was very nice, and the staff at the pool and gym were so very helpful. One staff member went out of his way to find toys for my children to play with in the pool and kept a concerned eye on them, and another spent ages blow-drying my 8 year old daughter's hair. The baggage staff were kind enough to look after and load/unload 16 articles of luggage for the day after we checked out. Overall, despite many good points, I was left with a cold feeling that I can not pinpoint, perhaps due to its' size. But it was an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous!!! What can I say??...We recently spent 9 days over the New Year period at the Ritz Carlton Millenia. Having checked in we were escorted to our suite personally by a member of the reception staff. As soon as we entered the room we were blown away!! The views were to die for. The bedroom was absolutely beautiful and the bathroom luxury. Our bedsheets were turned down every night with a chocolate left on each bedside table. Upon booking this hotel with Kuoni I happened to mention that it was our anniversary this year. We were showered with cakes and letters and made to feel like a king and queen. The staff could not do enough for us and after a couple of days the pool staff knew us by name. If you dared to walk towards a door it would be opened by the nearest member of staff. The health club was superb and I would definately recommend a massage! We will definately be back in fact we are already enquiring into next year!! Superb luxury with impeccable service. Thank you Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaybee99
<Content>The Ritz-Carlton - Amazing!       View from bedroom  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capph
<Content>Top class, superb experience We spent New Year's Eve at the Ritz Carlton on a stopover. It was by far the best place to be in Singapore, our room looked over Marina Bay and the view from our room and the bathtub windows of the fireworks was stunning. Impeccable 6 star service, delicious food, great room service. Friendly, efficient and unintrusive staff. We had to check out at 6.30am in order to get a flight and were told that we could order the included breakfast through room service. This turned out to be an error - however there was no issue when it came to payment, any extra charges for delivery were wiped. Perfect experience and will only ever stay there when we are in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael/Steven
<Content>A tired, worn hotel with bad service We recently spent a single night at the Ritz-Carlton Millenia Hotel and the experience was not a good one. There were two people checking us into the room together at the front desk and they spent more time giggling between themselves than paying much attention to their guests. The room itself looked shockingly worn and frayed for a supposed top tier hotel, including stained carpeting, peeling wallpaper and a frumpy, lumpy couch. Since we had a very early morning flight, we requested a wake-up call for 4:00 a.m. Not only did the wake-up call never come but when I called down to point out this serious oversight, I was rudely informed that it is only 4:20 now. There was never any attempt to apologize for an error which could have resulted in us missing an international flight. This hotel is an embarrassment to the Ritz chain. Granted, the bathrooms are very nice and the art collection around the hotel is first-rate. But this does not make for a first class hotel. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rome1
<Content>Thmbs Up for the Service Stayed at the Ritz Millenia Singpore for 4 nights on business. Probably the best Ritz I've stayed at service wise. I arrived at around 5 am and they did their best to get me fed and accomodated until the room was ready at 7 am. Valet left the hotel and went into town to get me a phone card so I could make some calls, and then was embarressed when I tipped him. I should also point out that the restaurant (buffet) was fantastic and the rooms were very cool-- light hardwood floor, tiger eye marble-- Very contemporary, yet Asian feel.Also, the hotel seems to be a hot spot for the local well heeled, so at night it gets very busy in the lounge and has quite a buzz, which to me was a plus.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anushka
<Content>Exceptional This is a superb hotel. We stayed in a club suite overlooking the harbour and the view day and night was fabulous, room was large (particularly the bathroom) and well furnished. What really made our stay though was the service. Having stayed in numerous hotels throughout Europe, North America and Australia, nothing else comes close to the service provided in this hotel. The staff meet your requests promptly and with a smile, and take care of all the little things all the time (opening doors, carrying bags, offering water). We stayed on the Club floor and it is well worth it, the food is excellent and the lounge is a good place to relax or check the internet. We found this place to be a haven from the hectic pace of Singapore shopping and were very glad we had decided not to stay near Orchard Rd. We will definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Auntyleafy
<Content>Ritz Carlton, Singapore - definately recommended This is definately the best hotel that I have stayed in. My husband does a lot of foreign travel in 4  5* hotels, and even he said that this was the best! We had been travelling on a budget for our 3 month honeymoon and decided to splash out before we returned home. We got a fab rate on the internet and it was definately worth every penny.From the outside, the building looked Ok, but it had a real WOW factor inside! As i got out of the taxi, the door man greeted me by name! How did he know that? I guess that he must have quickly read our luggage tags! We told the receptionist that it was our honeymoon and upgraded us to a harbour view room with a magnificent view of the Merlion and over looking the swimming pool.The staff were exceptional. They called us by our names, and when we returned in the evening after a full day of sightseeing, they said 'welcome back sir/madam!'We could have stayed in the restaurant all day to eat the breakfast as there was so much variety. There was continental, Chinese, Japanese, cooked English, fresh fruit, pastries, exotic fruit juices!Our standard room would be considered a junior suite and the bathroom was massive. It had a jacuzzi bath and separate walk in shower. There were 3 massive bath sheets and 3 handtowels! There was even speakers so that you could hear the TV!The room was serviced twice a day and each night we would get chocolates by our bedside slippers placed at the side.We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tui65
<Content>Loved it! We stayed four nights at the Ritz Carlton in a corner executive suite, and it was fantastic. The views over the bay were magnificent and you could stand in the shower and look out both the bathroom and lounge windows at the same time. The room was extremely spacious, and with the high ceilings made it seem even bigger. The bed was extremely comfortable and had marvellous pillows - always a plus. The bathroom was fantastic, wonderfully appointed with all sorts of things - soaps, bubble bath and bath oil, shower gel, shampoo etc and the towels and robes were nice and fluffy.We ate quite a bit in their restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner. You have the choice of a buffet at every meal, which looked great or like us you could order off the menu. I was very impressed - the food was hot, tasty and fresh - what more could you ask for. They had quite a well set up gym overlooking the pool and in the early morning when you can't sleep, it's great to go down and have a workout. I didn't use the pool but it did look very inviting.The staff were excellent! Always said hello and eager to help.I've stayed in a number of 5 star hotels and while not quite having the understated quiet elegance of the Singapore Four Seasons, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ThirstyBoy
<Content>Best hotel in Singapore ... by far I have stayed here a few times  cannot recommend this hotel enough!Rooms are great - wonderful views, especially from the bathroom! However, it's the service that sets this hotel apart:The staff will remember your needs  preferences, if not your name. If you like Tiger Beer - they'll notice  offer it to you! You will not have to find anything - they will show you the way. The restaurant staff will help you choose  even tell you how to cook the dishes!AND - if you thank them formally for their great service ... they'll thank you for thanking them!Go there  try it for yourself!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1144
<Content>Great place to stay We just got back from a five night stay at the Ritz-Carlton in Singapore. It could not have been better. The service at the hotel was impecable. The bathroom was the best we ever have been in and had just as good a view of the harbor area as the main room. However, the coffee in the room was less than desireable so we went to the Spa next to the pool and enjoyed a morning swim with good brewed coffee.The hotel's location was great. Just across the street from the new Performing Arts Center and a very short walk to either the Underground or bus stop.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Matt66
<Content>Faultless service Had 3 nights here on a business related stay. Service just totally faultless in every way. Rooms a little tired but did not make my stay any less pleasant. Great food, great room service, nice bar, good gym and health club. Very friendly and super efficient. I will not stay anywhere else in Singapore, my third stay there and I have never had anything but a great experience. And I am very fussy !  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>%100 Satisfaction Guaranteed We have just returned from a 3 days stay at the Ritz Carlton,Singapore. The hotel deserves all 谋ts 6 stars,magnificent decoration,incredible service at an excellent value.Strongly suggest to everyone for %100 guaranteed satisfaction.From Singapore we passed to Ritz Hong Kong which cannot be compared to singapore but again nice people with excellent service but for people who prefer old english style.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Supberb My friend and I have just returned from three nights in the Ritz Carlton Singapore. We had booked a Singapore Stopover with SIA and when we checked in we were able to upgrade to a Club Room for the equivilant of around $125 AUS. Split between the two of us this was an extremely good rate on top of the excellent rate from the Singapore Stopover deal.Our room was on the 32nd floor the same as the Club with beds and a bathroom to die for.The bathrooms need to be seen to be believed - a huge window overlooking Singapore - either the harbour or the City. To lie in this bath (pillow provided) was heaven. You were able to obtain from the club room a selection of bath oils, presented in a small jug. Once we were checked in we were not constantly asked our room number or name. I can't really describe the wonderful service we received.The advantage of constant food and drinks when you come in tired from shopping or sightseeing is very comforting. Always presented with such pleasure from the staff.It was my friends birthday and when we arrived back one evening it was to find a small cake with Happy Birthday and a card from the staff in the Club Room. The next morning we had a wake up call at 5.50 am. and was told that there was a tray of tea outside our door. Along with a couple of rolls, jam and butter we got the day before this made a welcome breakfast.We could find no faults with this hotel at all and would recommend a Club Room if you can afford the little extra.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian21
<Content>As you would expect from the Ritz, 5 stars. A little bit of a delay at checkin due to the hotel being 100% full, but staff very apologetic. Had coffee in the foyer (USD12 for 2x)while we waited the 30mins. Room was very well presented on 16th floor with city view, would prefer a marina view next time. All mod cons in the room and bath/shower room were very spacious and bath looks right out of the window. WC room is a small in comparison. Buffet dinner in the Greenhouse was USD25 for a fantastic array of great quality food (now compare that to the coffee prices?)Hotel is interconnected to the Marina and Millenium malls via rear covered walkway. From there you can access a further series of Malls right to Raffles City Mall and Raffles Hotel via covered walkways and underpasses. There is also a very good Hawkers' stalls at the Marina sea front for very cheap local food (about 200 mtrs walk to the right of the hotel)  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't stay again I frequently travel to Singapore on business (6x / year) and always stay at the Ritz-Carlton Millenia. However, I won't be staying there again. The last two times I have arrived, having a confirmed reservation for a non-smoking room, I was told we have no more non-smoking rooms at your rate, you'll have to stay in a smoking room. While I stay on a corporate rate that is less than the rack rate, by no means is it inexpensive -- and my company and this hotel have contracted this rate, so if they're out of non-smoking rooms at that rate, I see it as the hotel's problem, not mine. At my most recent stay in September, my room reeked of smoke and had not been properly made up - the previous guest's rubbish was still in the bin. And the welcome card was addressed to someone other than myself - I don't know if it was from the previous guest, but the whole ambience did not lend itself to cleanliness.I'll be looking to stay at any one of Singapore's other excellent hotels in the future.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lancasters
<Content>Unbeatable views from the bath! Stayed for just one night after flying in from Sulawesi and found the staff faultless. Special mention must go to the Concierge desk and the Reception desk staff. Our room was huge and luxurious and having a bath there was an unforgettable experience - the views are breathtaking, especially at night!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing stay, problems with housekeeping The hotel was fully booked this week, and the strain was showing. Room on arrival was not fully made up with toiletries missing. Public areas very crowded. Breakfast waiting staff under pressure, and surly.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Had two nights here on the way back from Bali. We had an executive suite which was magnificent. The sunken bath in the window with views over the city is spectacular. Personal butler. Great breakfast in the Club Lounge on the 32nd floor. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bindoon
<Content>Fabulous Hotel, Five out of Five We stayed for two nights and enjoyed the hotel immensely. We arrived extremely early due to an overnight flight from Paris and still were shown our room promptly. The room service, staff, restaurant, pool and lobby were wonderful. The door staff were great (we walked around the area a lot) and they always greeted us on our departure and return in a genuine, friendly manner. The slippers, chocolates, soaps, bath robes, plush towels etc were all you would expect in a hotel of this class. We had an excellent buffet meal in the Greenhouse and enjoyed the casual atmosphere. Only negatives were the setee in our room was showing signs of wear and tear and the Front Desk employee who greeted us on arrival had an awful cold and should have been sent home or at least removed from the front desk.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it used to be I have been staying in this hotel every year for the past 4 years, and the quality has definitely gone down hill. IN my last visit, I have requested room change 3 times. 1) The room had a horrible smell and the carpet had patches of dirt on it. They came in with freshener spray but didn't help. 2) I was in the room right opposite the pantry, which the door was banging non stop from 7-9am (probably through out the day but I was always out until late). 3) I then got put into another room right at the end of the corridor. This time it was right next to the service lift. Again, it was very irritating with staffs going in and out all the time. Otherwise, the service is still good and it has decent size rooms. Just try to avoid rooms around the pantry or the service lift.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WALKIES
<Content>Awesome Room This holiday was a suprise birthday present from my husband, the room was gorgeous, the views over the harbour were unbelievable, the bed was so comfy I could have stayed there watching the world go by. The bathroom was huge with the bath situated below the window again the view was superb, tinted windows. On arrival the entrance is mighty impressive and the door men immaculately dressed, the reception staff were polite and efficient. The swimming pool was gorgeous just what we needed after a day sightseeing. I was most impressed and this set me up for 10 days in Penang, how I long to go back to the Ritz Carlton. I dont understand the negative views on this forum, it was equal to any top notch hotel anywhere.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bpphua
<Content>I love Ritz Carlton       Bathtub with the view of Marina  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>n2mybox
<Content>a little under rated by tripadvisor.com I visited some of the other properties and i think the Ritz is a little underrated on this site. Maybe some of the contributers were a little jet lagged? Anyway for us.. this hotel was a 5 out of 5 in all respects. I think it should be in the top 4. Thanks Ritz we had a great honeymoon visit.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not quite what it was made out to be Having stayed in this hotel a few years ago I was keen to enjoy its luxury again. The rooms are generously sized with a wonderful view of the Nicoll Highway spanning a body of water. You can also see the same through the octagonal windows while soaking in the bath.The service, however was not up to the mark this time round. I had brought my wife along but was told breakfast was only included in the room rate for ONE person upon check out. So had to fork out about Singapore $ 40 for the same breakfast for the two days I stayed there. Had I known about this, would have opted to have breakfast in one of the many other (more interesting and substantially cheaper) eateries available nearby. Would have been better if this had been made clear at the outset as we expected the usual arrangement where the room rate would include breakfast for two. The staff at check out seemed unsure about whether or not to charge me and left doubts in my mind.Also,the baby cot we asked for took surprisingly long to come and when it did,it looked like it needed a major overhaul and clean up.One more thing, the fire alarm went off on the last morning of our stay. This went on for longer than usual, so another guest was overheard to enquire about its significance as she had a child in the room above. The lifts were not usable then. The answer given was vague and non reassuring and the guest seemed to be still uneasy at the conclusion of the conversation.All in all, not at all up to my expectations based on my much,much better first stay.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jotuk
<Content>I wasn't blown away - April 1st stay 1 night We stayed for one night on our return from Bali having stayed at the Pan Pacific for 3 nights on our way to Bali. We Paid for a deluxe Kallang view club room and was upgraded to a suite with Marina view which is always welcome and I am always grateful for an upgrade of any kind. The club lounge is very good, the service is professional and excellent. The views were great. The food and beverages were very good, try the new Lychee Martini that the bar tender and all the staff seem very proud of it was very good.The suite was great, the bathroom of course was wonderful and the views magnificant. The corner location is very quiet and peaceful. I found the furniture in the room very nice but nothing special. The marina area is under construction but that didn't bother us.I can not fault the Ritz Carlton in anyway perhaps I had read so many excellent reviews it just did not live up to the Hype I had given it in my mind. Or perhaps our 3 night stay in the Oberoi Lombok just overshadowed it slightly. I would recommend the hotel to friends etc even if just for the bathroom experience. No problems experienced just excellent service.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Happytiler
<Content>Nice to be back! I have not stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for some years but, having got a good rate through Singapore Airlines, thought I would give it a try again.Now I remember what I had been missing! The large comfortable rooms, excellent sized bed and walk-in wardrobe and, the piece de resistance - the bathroom - bath overlooking the Singapore skyline and a huge separate shower stall.Great - my favourite hotel in Singapore although as the Marina Square Mall is under renovation, it's currently rather quiet in the evenings.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Davidob
<Content>Wonderful Service!   showReview(2993292, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aussiegal15
<Content>RITZ CARLTON HOTEL       Ritz Carlton Hotel - Lounge  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>A Rave!   showReview(2873584, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vickyhsu1
<Content>Bad unprofessional Service!   showReview(2827047, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad service   showReview(2816397, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as good as we thought....   showReview(2804847, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>6andy6
<Content>A1 rated hotel - service impeccable       View from Marina/ Downtown view room  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>apudme
<Content>Stay for the View from the Bath   showReview(2620704, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rabidpuppy
<Content>The Ritx is ok, but....   showReview(2519883, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Hotel in Singapore   showReview(2379651, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇岃Κ鍒?#x201d;   showReview(23341368, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>traumpaarNr1
<Content>club lounge   showReview(22246616, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zouchan
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(21324370, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>銈勩仚銈裤儹銈?> 銈勩仚銈裤儹銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣銉︺兗銈?#x201d;       銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銉曘儵銈ゃ儰銉笺倛銈?/a>  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(21745134, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伄銉愩偣銉兗銉犮亱銈夈兓銉汇兓   showReview(21744723, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yhasebe
<Content>澶╀笅銇儶銉冦儎銇仐銇︺伅   showReview(20657528, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇ⅷ鍛傘亱銈夈伄鐪恒倎銇礌鏁点仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19915252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>orchid93
<Content>鍎泤銇儛銈广儷銉笺儬銈掓簚鍠紒   showReview(19188979, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銇岋姬锛集锛?#x201d;   showReview(19914860, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勶紒   showReview(19172440, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻伄銉儍銉勩偒銉笺儷銉堛兂   showReview(19172361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩偣銉兗銉犮亴銇欍仈銇勶紒   showReview(19171908, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶伄銈堛亞銇儣銉笺儷銇ㄣ€?#x201d;   showReview(19170073, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19169956, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪兗銉┿偆銈兂锛?#x201d;   showReview(19164752, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19159662, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war in ordnung   showReview(11355708, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銉┿偆銉曘亴妤姐仐銈併伨銇椼仧   showReview(19158829, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傜礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜鏅壊銇劅婵€锛?#x201d;   showReview(19156982, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19155936, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉夈偄銈掗枊銇戙倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19155467, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌鏃呰銇с€併儶銉冦儎銈?..   showReview(19929227, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2骞存尟銈娿伄瀹挎硦銇с仐銇?..   showReview(19928736, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩稿銈忋倝銇氥儧銉嗐儷妲嬨亪...   showReview(19927331, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇傘伄銉儍銉勩仹銇欍亴銆佸缓...   showReview(19927120, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠栥伄鏂广倐鏇搞亜銇︺伨銇欍亴...   showReview(19926571, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф櫐鏃ャ伀娉娿伨銈娿伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19924339, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瓒呰豹鑿仺銇勩亞瑷€钁夈亴銉?..   showReview(19924203, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€у洠浣撱伄闅忚銇у娉?..   showReview(19923489, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅銉偙銉笺偡...   showReview(19922907, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂勾銆丼ARS楱掋亷銇?..   showReview(19922360, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐨嗐仌銈撱伄绲惰硾銇湡寰呫倰...   showReview(19921316, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪儶銉笺儕銉汇偦銉炽偪銉笺伀...   showReview(19920883, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝瑕嬨亪銈嬪鏅仺...   showReview(19920637, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兂銈裤兂宄躲伀娓°倠鍓嶆棩...   showReview(19920054, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛筹肌锛诧汲楱掋亷銇湡銇ｅ彧...   showReview(19919603, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銈裤偗銈枫兗銇箺...   showReview(19919485, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仺銇︺倐搴冦亸銇嶃倢...   showReview(19919442, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇櫙鑹层伅銇欍伆...   showReview(19917907, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓夋硦浜旀棩銇儎銈兗銇ф硦...   showReview(19917745, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灏戙仐鍓嶃伄瑭便伀銇倞銇俱仚...   showReview(19917688, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇с伄銇婃皸...   showReview(19916957, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴峰銇儶銉冦儎銇垵銈併仸...   showReview(19916473, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

