<Author>maltesetraveller
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed here for two nights out of a 16 night holiday, it was the best of all the hotels we stayed in. Comfortable, clean well situated, just perfect . We will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lwilliams75
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a seven day trip to explore Northern California over our 1st wedding anniversary. We stayed over New Years eve.The hotel is in a great location - a short walk away from Union Square, and in (long) walking distance to fishermans wharf. The rooms were lovely and clean. We also stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Half Moon bay and I preferred the rooms decor at that hotel over the downtown location - but that is just a matter of opinion as the rooms here were also gorgeous. The bathrooms were lovely. The building itself is visually stunning as well.The service was good but impersonal - nowhere near as good as at Half Moon bay and thats why I would give this hotel a four rather than a five. Check in was smooth. A minor point but at a five star hotel, I expect a doorman to hold the door for me, when entering or leaving the hotel However, during the two nights we stayed here, coming and going numerous times, this was only done once. The valet parking is $70 when you include tax - I think this is very expensive. We valet parked our first night then moved our car to a car park one block away for the second night - we paid 7 dollars for that second 24 hours!Would we stay here again? Very possibly, but I would at least look into other luxury hotels downtown before booking.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>tkimomj
<Content>9/10 I spent my new yrs at Ritz Carlton SF and it was simply the best hotel experience ever. Service was perfect and I couldn't see the flaws that 'W' hotel usually make; room was clean and ready when we arrived at the hotel. I give 9/10 for Ritz because of its location. It is one of the best hotels in SF, but since it was located on steep hill, my friends and I had hard time walking up to the hotel from the union square shopping area. (But if you have money, taxi/limo is always available)Service is impeccable, the terrace brunch buffet is pricey but it pretty much has every food you can imagine. I personally think the dinning room at Ritz SF is one of the best restaurants in SF.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaygee11
<Content>A wonderful splurge We started the first 3 nights of our Northern California honeymoon here. With the exception of a small mix up upon checking in (there was someone else with the same name checking in the same day, and we were getting quoted their deal... much better than ours!) everything was flawless. Because it was our honeymoon, we got an excellent room, complimentary chocolates and a pot of honey, with a story of the history of the honey moon, and rose petals on our bed. We happened to be staying here during the premiere of the new movie Milk, and many of the celebrities were staying on site, so there was a lot of commotion and security around, but even they managed to seem very normal with the abundance of attention guests were receiving. We'd booked the hotel with hesitation (do we really want to spend that much money on a hotel??), and all hesitation melted away within 5 minutes at the property. It was precisely the luxurious splurge that defined our honeymoon!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musicmind
<Content>Excellent Had to stay in San Francisco for 3 days in business meetings .. company chose the hotel .. felt very lucky .. everything was top notch .. room, breakfast, service .. I give it my highest recommendation.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LittleMiss_Jet_Set08
<Content>Loved it, a wonderful old fashioned hotel Stayed here as part of a work trip and loved it. The staff are wonderful and can't do enough for you. On asking the concierge for a good place to recommend on a Saturday night they made all our reservations and even gave us a town car to get there!The breakfast is out of this world, best egg benedict EVER!!! Be wary when asking for a cup of tea as they brought us up a full english afternoon tea, sandwiches with the crusts cut off, cakes, bicuits, a million types of tea with 5 million things to add to it!! Location is suberb only a short walk away from the centre of all the shops and all the meals the hotel cook are fantastic quality.Highly recomend this hotel, I loved the fact that it is still old fashioned and maintains an old world charm.Anyone staying in San Fransisco should seriously consider this for their accomodation despite the fact its going to be a pricey destination, it will be worth every penny!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lexus62
<Content>perfect in every way! This was our second visit to the Ritz having stayed there inAugust 2007 as well. The hotel is perfect in every way. We stayed on Club Level which I would highly suggest and the staffcould not have been more friendly or accomodating. Our twodaughters ages 12 and 17 loved the San Francisco Ritz and wereanxious to return. They both had a gift waiting for them insidethe room upon arrival and then they were both anxious to getto the lounge and enjoy the wonderful food. We found all staffto go above and beyond to make your stay as wonderful as possible. The hotel is beautiful and in a great location to walk to Union Square etc. Our room was very nice and perfect for a family of 4. In my opinion the Ritz is well worth the price as they treat you royally.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>englishpaulm
<Content>Too much service? The Ritz takes great pride in anticipating the needs of its guests.After the bellman gets your name on arrival, he uses his radio to tell your name to the front hall staff, so they can greet you by name when you walk in. I find that creepy.The hotel called and woke me in the afternoon, calling just to see if there was anything I needed (other than sleep I guess).The hotel is gorgeous, as are the rooms. The bathrooms and showers were pretty plain compared to what is common in most expensive hotels these days.Their executive lounge breakfast buffet was incredible though!But I'm not sure I will be back again...  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sevilla0787
<Content>Loved the Ritz!,,,Just Make Sure To Have A Room On the Highest Floor...       Ritz Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnnieKingston_NY
<Content>Love the San Francisco Ritz-Carlton A few days before I was to arrive in San Fran, I received an email from my Club Concierge at the Ritz. Was there anything she could arrange for me? Did I have any preferences? Well, I did and I got in touch with her. I discussed everything from getting around SF (since I didn't know the city) to the food service in the Club Lounge (on which I was relying for daytime grazing) to how we could handle the arrival of my best friend halfway through my stay.The Club Concierge staff must have devoted a few hours to all my questions, and for all they knew I might have cancelled the whole trip. They were excellent, and even better after I arrived, making salon appointments and planning excursions for me, and even handling a crisis when a reserved rental car did not show up.I mean to stay at this hotel, and at other Ritzes, whenever I can. Yes, you pay a lot, but the level of service received is, in my opinion, worth it. Northing is too expensive when you get appropriate value for your money.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MVLUN
<Content>Hotel is not for teenagers The hotel itself is very nice. The welcome staff who gives out champagne  water was very pleasant. The check in clerk was nice, but did not give out cold towels when the people next to me checking had them. The room was a Junior Suite which the hotel was kind enough to make something special for my daughter, who is 12, waiting in our room. The room had no view. The hotel was full due to a wedding over the week-end.We were headed to dinner, and called down for a taxi in 15 minutes, and when we got downstairs, there was no taxi, and we waited another 10 minutes only to get a car which I'm not sure who the driver works for. The funny thing is, we were headed out to dinner around 6:05 pm, and the bellman actually asked if we were walking to the Pier 39 for dinner. I'm not sure about everyone else, but that is a far walk. I run 5 miles 3 times a week, and I still will not walk to Pier 39 in heels especially if we are on our way to dinner.The hotel is really for older generation due to the fact that the swimming pool closed at 9:00 pm among everything else. We had 3 - 12 year old kids, and not a thing to do at the hotel.As for me, this is not the hotel I would ever stay again. First time experience is everything in my book. We do like the Ritz Carlton, but will never stay at the San Francisco Ritz again. We are going back this weekend, and going back to St. Regis where we stayed the other times.Just a note that the concierge at the club lounge jokingly told the 3 kids with me that if they don't behave, then they will be doing dishes for the night. I took this as an insult, and I just told him that I don't think that that is going to happen, and I work too hard in teaching my kids to respect. Like I said the hotel itself is not for teen-age kids.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>karigirlfriend
<Content>The Best Hotel My daughter and I stayed at the Ritz for the first time in August 2008. This hotel is not only beautiful, the customer service is outstanding. We were treated like queens. Our room was a corner room on the 6th floor . It was spacious and clean. We enjoyed the beautiful spa, swimming pool and workout room. The service that my daughter had at the spa was perfect. We ordered two ice cream cups in our room and they were the best ice cream cups we ever had. Not only ice cream but cookies, chocolate, whipped cream and a rose on the side. This one night trip was very relaxing and we will remember it forever. Thank you to the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rohickey
<Content>Great hotel We stayed for four nights in late July. Our trip was a special occassion - belated honeymoon - and we recieved an upgrade to a club level room and chocolates and 'honey' in our room on arrival, lovely touches. Our room was sizeable with a huge and extremly comfortable bed and great TV, which had loads of movie choices. The food in the club lounge was perfect - lots of fresh fruit for brekkie, a great cheese selection for lunch and oatmeal cookies that I'm still having withdrawal symptoms from!Staff were extremly professional and friendly from reception to doormen.The location is also very convenient. It's about a seven minute walk to union square (easier on the way to the Square than back as the hotel is on nob hill giving you a free workout while walking back!) and just a block from the historic cable cars which take you to Fishermans Wharf on one side and Chinatown on the other.Would definitely stay here again, and would highly recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Qnstrvlr
<Content>Loved this hotel! My wife and I stayed at a club lounge suite during a vacation to SF in May 2007. The staff at The Ritz-Carlton in San Francisco were very courteous and attentive. Within the first hour of checking into the room, we were contacted to see if we needed any help with dinner reservations, tours or anything else in the area. The promptly got us into a restaurant, which we had wanted to try but were unable to secure reservations on our own. The guest manager also visited our room to provide us with a welcome present. We were pleasantly surprised at the selection and quality of the food offered throughout the day at the Club Level Lounge. This was one of the best hotel experiences we have had!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debsCanada
<Content>WISH WE COULD HAVE STAYED LONGER After arriving in SF late in the evening after a long drive from Reno, GPS system not working freaked out by the traffic and totally exhausted what a treat to find a room at the Ritz! The room was fantastic especially the bed, the finest of linens. The staff treated us royally. A great location, wonderful room service. We were sorry that we arrived so late and had to leave the next day for home. Next trip to SF we will stay longer.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alohagirl56
<Content>Loved The Ritz I recently stayed at the Ritz Carlton for work related business two different times in July. I was really impressed by the entire staff. They made me feel as if I was the most important guest. From arrival to check out it was an amazing experience. Loved the toiletries and the in room coffee bar. The room was beautiful and the bed was comfy. Would I come back ..yes I would. The staff was amazing. Thanks Ritz Carlton for such a great experience  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bkjCalifornia
<Content>Wonderful We had a wonderful experience - we stayed at the hotel based upon the reviews that this was a place to celebrate a special occasion. It lived up to the best reviews. We upgraded to the club level at the last minute which was a superlative experience. We were made to feel welcome and staff was friendly and helpful beyond any comparable luxury hotel in our experience. We loved it so much that we stayed an extra day. The Dining Room for a special dinner is also recommended - just like the hotel - service was extremely attentive but not intrusive. The location is wonderful - we explored Chinatown on foot and wandered over to the Ferry Building. The magic of San Francisco needs no explanation and for a special event (if you can afford it) this is wonderful way to experience it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Risaoa98
<Content>Good Stay Just returned from a six night stay at the Ritz Carlton. My first impression was not good because there was no one to help me with my bags when I arrived. Also, there was something wrong with the toilet in my room. The maintenance person was quick to respond to try to correct the issue. Things did improve after the first day. The staff was very friendly and the room was nice. I really did not like the location because it was on a hill and there were not many restaurants nearby. Overall, I think that the hotel is very nice and deserves a high rating.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>HoneymoonersRV
<Content>The best hotel in San Francisco!       front of hotel  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AXH
<Content>Excellent Ritz We've stayed at the Ritz from July 3rd through the 6th. Excellent hotel, service and rooms. A special thanks to the bartenders, Ruth and Jennifer and to the concierge David. A little overpriced, but it reminded me on so many ways in decor and service the Four Seasons in Istanbul. I will definitely stay at the Ritz when I go back to San Fran.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TracyCAL
<Content>Best Hotel Experience! We stayed at this hotel for four days with our two young children. We had a junior suite, which had ample room for the four of us. We also experienced the club level service for the first time. It was superb. Not only is this hotel beautiful, clean and classy, but the service was outstanding. The staff remember my children by name, made sure they were given little toys if we had a long wait in the lobby, and never were we made to feel that our children were not welcome. The concierge did a fabulous job of finding us a five star restaurant at noon on a saturday for that evening! The food was fabulous and the buffet champagne brunch was excellent and in a beautiful setting. All in all, it was the best Ritz hotel I have stayed at and probably the best stay at any hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Harbourbridge
<Content>Shaky start but good recovery! We booked to stay at the Ritz Carlton through the hotel website, and traveled with our 3.5 year old son. We were registered for a conference held at the Moscone Centre with 22,000 other delegates - so you can imagine how packed the city was. We had high expectations having stayed at the Ritz Carlton In Bahrain. Overall, we felt that the hotel met our expectations given the fact the city was bursting at the seams! Especially good service from concierge (David).One of the notable down sides was that although they rate child-friendliness highly on their website - this did not actually happen in practice. Reception staff were unaware of their POLO scheme and I had to ask for the gadgets to make the room child-friendly, even though I had registered for the scheme online. No kids menu in the hotel room to make ordering room service for children easier. This was not rectified even after I highlighted it to them. Also huge mis-communication during reception staff hand-over led to our baby-sitter being left waiting at reception for 45 minutes and therefore making us late for our dinner reservation at 'Chez Panisse' (I don't even think the reception staff were aware of the inconvenience caused)!Although this may sound like the makings of a bad review, we were won over by the spa and pool, great breakfast and room service, spacious classically decorated one bedroom suite - ask for a high level courtyard view (we stayed non-club as the standard prices had been hiked up by $200 due to increased demand caused by the conference). If compared with the Omni which rates No. 1 on this site - I think that the Ritz Carlton was better value for money because a non-club one bed suite (2 rooms) at the Ritz costs the same as California suite (L-shaped room) at the Omni. The Omni has no spa/pool and location not that great. If you have the money to spend I would definitely recommend the hotel for location (close to cable cars, china town, shopping), good knowledgeable staff (with prompting), pool and spa, great playground a few blocks away reachable by cable car.And as my son at the end of the stay decided that he was taking up permanent residence at the hotel rather than returning home, I can only imagine that the Ritz Carlton must be child-friendlier than perceived by an adult!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TmanSydney_Australia
<Content>Quite simply the best       foyer  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CATravelingfool
<Content>Ritz Carlton SF Impeccable service I took my son up for a a few days of sight seeing for his first visit to SF. We flew into Oakland and caught a taxi to the Ritz Carlton SF. It was great. Wonderfully convenient location. Nice clean rooms with some of the best beds I have ever encountered in a hotel. Modern facilities in the room and bathroom. It was truly one of the most relaxing rooms I have ever stayed in. I almost never wanted to leave! Upon check in that was smooth and pleasant, we went up to our room and within 15 minutes the phone rang and someone from downstairs asked us how we liked our room and if we needed anything! They sounded sincere and not like they were made to call, even though they probably were. I love the little touches like that. I can't remember another hotel that has ever done that. Room service was prompt and I know the hotel was very full, because the Olympic torch was coming to town and there were a great deal of people staying there from all over. No one at the hotel who worked there seemed frazzled or overworked. That is one of my pet peeves. I travel a lot to relax, so watching employees seem uptight defeats that point of my stay. In all ways I highly recommend the hotel. The concierge was very helpful and sent us to some delicious restaurants. It was one of those unexpected visits that far exceeded my (very high) expectations. I will go back very soon just to stay in those comfy rooms!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roowie
<Content>Awesome experience! My wife and I just returned from a 6 day stay at the Ritz-Carlton. This was our first trip to San Francisco, and as it was a reward through work for a sales contest, the hotel was booked/selected for us. That being said, the selection could not have been better. From the greeting at the entrance, to the very friendly, helpful, and respectful young ladies at the front desk, you immediatly realize the Ritz difference. The service is amazing. The rooms were very clean, king size bed , and maid service with turn down service was never too early or too late. Our room had an honor bar stocked with soda, juices, liqour, candies, nuts, as well as emergency items like dress socks for men, pantyhose for women...great idea, even though we didn't use any of the items.The lounge was a great place to enjoy a night cap or 2 or 3 or 4, and if you are lucky, NIcole will be your server. She is prompt, friendly, and willing to give you advice on where to go, what to do, even where the coolest speak easy is!! The location turned out to be perfect for us, as it was close to the attractions we wanted to see the most. It is right next to China Town, a cab to Fisherman's Warf varied the 3 times we took it, but was never more than $9 before tip. The Ritz is a beautiful hotel. Their attention to customer service was amazing. Every employee we met, or even walked by in the halls greeted us with a smile and warm friendly greeting. Thank you, to the staff of the Ritz-Carlton, for making our first trip to San Francisco an awesome experience.Louie and Sheila  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gracefultraveler
<Content>Our Favorite Place This was our second stay at the Ritz in San Francisco. My husband and I travel to SF once a year for a tradeshow. San Francisco is our favorite city and we look forward to the trip all year, mostly because we love the Ritz so much. The service from the minute you arrive is perfect. The bellmen are professional, knowledgable and a few have been working there for over 10 years. Staying on the Club level is one of the best parts of our stay. The food is beautifully done and always fresh. The concierge help make reservations at restaurants that would otherwise be hard to book on such short notice. They are friendly and down to earth, without lacking professionalism. We have stayed in a one bedroom suite on both occasions and love the furnishings, size and the beautiful bathrooms. The location is perfect; close enough to North Beach to walk, one major hill from Union Square, and a few steps from the trolly line at Powell. All of the restaurants in the hotel are worth trying . The Dining Room has some of the best service I've ever had. If you enjoy French food, it is a must. The Terrace for lunch is great, the servers are friendly, the decor beautiful and the food just as perfect as would be expected. We spend a few evening at the casual restaurant in the lobby, which is a quiet place to relax with a fireplace and piano. Lastly, the spa, fitness facilities and pool are also perfect. I had the best massage I've had in the state of California at the Ritz.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blackszabbi
<Content>great breakfast Nice, elegant building, good location to the shopping streets. Large room, comfortable bathroom. The bed was too soft. Although I had big screen TV, no wide range of radio, TV channels, no DVD or CD library. Excellent breakfast, the berries were amazing! Service was average. Swimming pool was great, the gym part too.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	2	3	

<Author>francisBelgium
<Content>absolutely magnificent We were in a lot of good to very good hotels , however the ritz carlton in san francisco, where we stayed for a week in june, is truly exceptional and their vallue is primarilly in their great staff.Of course rooms are great and immaculate,beds are very comfortable, the breakfast is truly refined ,the pool is very nice, but what makes the difference between a very good and exceptional hotel is the personal touch you get.The first night I got a room with a great view but unfortunately some street noise, since I am a very light sleeper I asked to change rooms the next morning and the next day I had a soundproof room in which I had a great night of sleep for the rest of the week.The people at the reception , especially the lovely Xaviera, really did whatever they could to make our stay exceptional and they knew the city very well with directions for shopping ,eating and going out even off the beaten path for a great stay !I would absolutely return here!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anonymous03
<Content>Great anniversary getaway I am not a Ritz Carlton cheerleader. During a previous stay the service was below par (very late turn downs, dishes in the hallway etc.) The Club Level was constantly crowded and was often short of food.What brought us back was the location, the atmosphere, and the gym/pool. The bonus was that the service this time was exceptional.Location: Right between Union Square and Chinatown/North Beach, it's a great home base for exploring SF by foot and we love Chinese and Italian food so it's perfect.Atmosphere: Literally, the air in the rooms is clean and fresh and not dry. It must be filtered somehow. Others have mentioned the dark interior. We like the intimacy and elegance of the lobby and rooms. The beds and sheets are phenomenally comfortable. One tip: Courtyard facing rooms are quiet.Gym/pool: First, the air smells great. Then the strawberry or lemon infused drinking water is so refreshing. Our baby loved the warm pool. The indoor lap pool is very nice and the gym is well equipped.Service: I honestly didn't have any expectations for the service, since our previous experience was only okay, with some problems. This time, we spent two nights for our wedding anniversay, which I mentioned during the reservation, but I didn't ask for anything. However, there were chocolate covered strawberries in our room upon arrival, a personalized CD with music from the year we married, flower petals on the bed at turndown, and several other flourishes. So this time the service was terrific mostly because it was unexpected. Our experience is that the service at the Ritz Carlton is very good when it's not too busy, and average when really busy. The other factors remain excellent. We feel that the Ritz Carlton is worth the extra cost, especially for special occasions.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrFocus
<Content>Perfection My girlfriend wanted to treat me to a memorable, timeless experience for my 40th birthday and the Ritz was all that and more. From the moment we checked in, we were able to observe the Ritz's industry-leading guest information system in action. The front desk knew it was my birthday, there was a custom-made CD playing in our suite with classic songs from 1968, when we returned from a short outing to a nearby bar, the bed was covered in rose-petals, etc. etc.We had dinner at the Ritz Carlton Dining Room and I can honestly say that their 7 course tasting menu was the best meal I have ever had (and that includes top restaurants in Europe, Gary Danko's, et al). We also had the brunch on Sunday which was equally amazing, with fresh crab, caviar, delicious seafood, prime rib, and more. Service all around was flawless, the bed incredibly comfortable, the suite spacious and quiet and the Ritz a unique and memorable, five-star experience. Highly, highly recommended!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>z3driver
<Content>The club level is had to top! For the second year in a row we celebrated our wedding anniversary at the Ritz on the club level.On it's own the Ritz is an experience but the club level takes it to the next (pardon the pun) level. When I made the reservations I was asked and I told them we were celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary and from the time I parked to car till the time we checked out it truly was a celebration.We were met at the door of the hotel by a staff member who greeted us by name and wished us a happy anniversary. At the desk champagne was offered as well as a hot towel to freshen up. The club level is on a separate floor and a special key is needed to access that level in the elevator. The elevator opens to a concierge desk and once again we were greeted by name and ushered into the club lounge. The club lounge boils down to an almost full time all you can eat, all you can drink, open bar all included in the price of the club level.The name of the hotel says it all, it really is the Ritz. At every turn something happens to remind you of the level of service you only dream about. Beautiful furnishing in the room, three telephones, flat screen high definition TV, iPod ready clock radio, DVD and CD player it just keeps coming.This is our annual pilgrimage into how the other half lives and we intended to continue this as an annual affair.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LTownsendMD
<Content>A greatful thank you for a Magnificent Experience My wife and I decided to stay here prior to boarding Crystal Cruises. We had read in USA Today about their wonderful beds.We knew this was to be our final hotel, as my wife had terminal bone cancer.Our experience here was magnificent.The bed was not to believed...it was literally sleeping on a cloud. The room service was impeccable, and the staff were incredibly kind to my wife. It was her last experience being treated as royalty. I am so grateful to the Ritz Carlton San Francisco for giving her such a wonderful experience.When I returned home, I called the Hotel and requested to buy the entire bed-set, from mattress to sheets to comforter to pillows, and they were gracious in helping me obtain in all.My wife was able to sleep in comfort for her final months.Thank you, Ritz Carlton San Francisco.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hansen5
<Content>Best hotel stay ever! WOW! What an absolutely perfect hotel! We loved every minute we spent at The Ritz Carlton SF. The staff is truly amazing, we felt instantly welcome as if we had known these people for years. They really want you to feel comfortable and at home. I have never been treated so well by hotel staff any where! Every time we came back it was as if they were waiting for us to say Welcome back. Perfectly appointed room, we even had a nice view. Everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber! They set the standard. Super comfortable beds, perfect bathroom, flat screen TV w/ HD programming, even middle of the night shoe polish service. I have stayed at other hotels in SF that think they are comparable - they are not even close. The Ritz has done it again - they are the best - I wish other businesses would treat me so well. We will only stay at this hotel when visiting SF. I love the location too, it is a perfect base camp for seeing the city. We easily walked down to the Warf and to Union Square, we took the cable cars or taxi's back up the hill, even walked back up from Union Square once - not a bad walk. What a beautiful place to enjoy this city from! So many other things I could say about this hotel -- go stay there and you will see! The perfect blend of having what you want and need when you want and need it! This is what customer service is all about! This is not just a hotel for the wealthy, we are far from wealthy, we were treated like kings and felt very comfortable. You will not feel out of place at the Ritz, they will not allow it. All other hotels pale.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Famcruise
<Content>Outstanding overall with one glitch This is one of the better urban Ritz-Carltons as far as public areas, rooms, and service, all of which were top-notch. The location is also wonderful for business travelers.The gym, however, is unacceptable. As other reviewers have noted, it is cramped and surprisingly dark, and the equipment is fairly old. The size cannot be easily remedied, but the solution to the dreary darkness is, well, more lights. It shouldn't take years of study to figure this one out.As an extremely frequent Four Seasons and Ritz guest, I would also note to the manager that, although responding to these reviews is admirable, he should avoid PR spin along the lines of We think the city of San Francisco provides enough of a gym. If someone complained about your 5-star restaurant, would you respond that the city of San Francisco provides plenty of renowned restaurants?Keep in mind that many of your guests are likely traveling West, which means they wake up earlier than they want. Going to your gym is one of the only things to do, so you should really ratchet up the quality.That said, I would consider staying at this property again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtravlertoo
<Content>Best by far I stayed in the Ritz mid dec. for my birthday with my girlfriend. After reading the reviews for this property I decided it would be worth it, and boy was I right. From check in to check out the attention to sevice and detail was excellent. I booked a club level room which personally is the way to go. The hotel caters small meals throughout the day so you could literaly eat the entire day, if you wish to stay at the hotel. The shops in downtown are about a five minute walk from the property. I rercommend renting a car because there are so many areas to see. The club level concierge is at your disposal and will find whatever its is yourre looking for. They booked us a private tour of some of napa valleys best boutique vinyards. If you have a chance request Classic Wine Tours and ask for Nico who will make your tour enjoyable and memorable. Overall our stay couldn't have been better. I hope to be back soon. Thank you Ritz Carlton.Alexander H.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sassypants01
<Content>Flawless We stayed here with our management team for a conference. Having never been to SF, it was tough to book without knowing. But we'd heard good things. We could not imagine how incredible this hotel was going to be. Great location, staff was par excellence, immaculate  elegant rooms, dreamy beds, restaurant was fab, the spa....ah, the spa....perfection. All 22 attendees were in agreement that it was the PERFECT hotel.We've stayed at some pretty swell hotels around the world so that I have a seasoned view on what is good service. The Ritz is a gold standard hotel. Not obsequiant or falsely charming, just perfectly executed service. It's everything you'd expect from a 5-star. Just a beautiful faciilty. I don't think I could ever stay anywhere else when we go back. I'm ruined now. And I love it! In one word our stay was FLAWLESS. Bravo, RC!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barbara45
<Content>A perfect location, beautiful hotel and wonderful staff We stayed on the club level and were given a gorgeous room with a view of Coit tower and surrounding areas. It was like looking at a postcard. The Club level food at this location is very good in the morning - but the evening service is probably the worst of all the Ritz's we have stayed at. This actually is not a big deal, though, because there are so many restaurants within walking distance. One block down (on Bush) is an amazing restaurant called Bar Crudo (voted one of the top 100 restaurants in S.F.) There also is Chinatown a few blocks over. We walked to Coit Tower one day and the next morning walked to the Farmer's Market over at the Ferry Building (both walks took less than 20 minutes one way).The location of this hotel is the number one asset - the fact that it is also gorgeous inside, with really nice staff that greet you BY NAME each time you are in the lobby .Our room also did not have a clock radio- but in no way was it dated. The beds were very comfortable, nice big screen tv, turn down service, and did I mention that amazing view?  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TamaraK
<Content>Best hotel service in the world I am usually unimpressed with luxury hotel service, and rarely find them worth the price. The Ritz-Carlton SF is the exception. Live in the area, and wanted to stay in the city for a nice weekend, love the old-world-elegant beautiful building so choose the R-C. Location is good, had been there for events and like it. Was contacted by the concierge via email after making reso, was incredibly personal and helpful in suggesting restaurants, etc. Not just impersonally doing the expected and suggesting the usual, but genuinely engaged. She also followed up afterward, which was nice. Service was IMPECCABLE, from the parking valets to checkout, incredibly professional, all too unusual these days. Spa just OK, more of an afterthought, the only thing that didn't knock my socks off. Had a two room suite on the inside away from street, so totally quiet, a rarity in a city. Had dinner in the Dining Room, tasting menu with wine pairing, was excellent. Service out of this world, many people very discreetly attending to our every need. Real wood burning fireplace in the lobby bar, another rarity in a city! Breakfast in the clubby style bar was very good, less formal than the big breakfast room. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmd1966
<Content>Nice weekend at the Ritz in SF We just returned from a weekend in San Francisco at the Ritz Carlton. This was our first time in the city and we loved it. The Ritz was also a good choice. The hotel location is great - central to Chinatown, Union Square and cable car line/stops to the Ferry port and Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed on the club floor. As usual, the service was fabulous. They helped us with restaurants and car service, and recommended we go to the ferry port on Saturday where there was a unbelievable farmers market. Breakfast, cocktails and the cookies were excellent; the early evening offerings were just okay. Our room #831 was very large and beautifully decorated, but the location wasn't good - we were right off the club floor kitchen and had virtually no view (view blocked by the front facade and roof line). I got the feeling that maybe this room isn't used often because it was missing the clock radio and the water coming from the sink faucet was initially brown. Overall, the service, as you'd expect, was excellent, the Club very good and our room was average for a Ritz property.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoeVirginia
<Content>Ritz Carlton, home away from home Just spent one week at the Ritz Carlton on business. First, the staff is top notch. Everyone was warm, helpful and professional. The rooms are spacious and comfortable I did not hear anything from my neighbors in the week I was here. To previous postings, yes, you do get road noise (some honking, braking, etc), but hey, this is a city, so that goes with the territory. The bed was very comfortable. For us, Nob Hill was close enough to Convention center, restaurants and shopping, but far enough away from the more crowded streets below. A special thanks to Robert the Concierge and the housekeeping staff. The breakfast buffet is very good, albeit expensive. The only complaint is that the fitness facility is small, dark and has limited equipment. The pool, however, is very nice.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CB_from_OC
<Content>Not The Best Choice! $67.00 for parking?? Stayed in this hotel for four nights in January. First of all, this hotel is in a poor location with no cafes/restaurants located (very) nearby. Second, the hotel is very dated, dark, and in need of a refurbish. It felt like a haunted house in some parts. The staff were hot  cold. Great concierge, but they have staff that stand mid-lobby for no apparent reason. They never greeted us, smiled...nothing. I sat in the lobby for about 25 minutes one afternoon and watched a young lady stand near the front entrance and just ignore people. Weird. The room service was very pricey (to be expected), but the food was not good at all. In a vibrant city like SF, there are so many great choices, even better in the five star leauge so you would think they would step things up to compete. Old fashioned, Old Building/Rooms, Way overpriced. $59.00 per night (the most expensive valet in the city according to our limo driver) for parking, no self offered... plus city tax! Don't waste your time or money. Check out The Four Seasons, The St.Regis, Mandarin Oriental or even The Palace Hotel. All above and beyond much better choices. Safe travels!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>MNTraveler74
<Content>Great Service, Great Location My husband booked our trip here for my birthday and we were upgraded to the executive level floor and a suite, instead of the room we booked. It was a wonderful location, great service, and the rooms were really nice. The club floor was wonderful. Free food and drinks pretty much all the time.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TracieAJ
<Content>This is a 10 star hotel This was by far the best hotel stay I have ever experienced. I have stayed in hotels that claim to be 5 stars but don't come close to the Ritz Carlton. If you like ultra clean rooms, super friendly and helpful employees this is the place for you. I cannot say enough great things about this hotel and its attentive staff.The fine dining restaurant was closed during our stay so I cannot comment on that but the regular restaurant was excellent. The icing on the cake was the bottled water left in our car by the valet for our drive home. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sshanes
<Content>Amazing as Always This hotel is not only the best in San Francisco, but it continues to be the best hotel in the Ritz-Carlton chain. No matter where I travel in the world, I always find myself comparing each hotel to the Ritz Carlton San Francisco, and no other hotels can match up to the level of this hotel. From the greeters at the entrance to the front desk staff who greet you by name, the service is unparalleled. In addition the interior and exterior of the property are extraordinarily elegant, and the recent room renovations only complement the hotel. Although the stay was nearly flawless, there are a couple of things I do want to point out. I have stayed at this hotel since it opened, and I recall the Business Center that used to exist next to the Lobby. Although small, this center offerend free access to computers, which was convenient during my stay. The Business Center has since been moved to the third floor where one must pay for internet access. With all of the amenities offered at this hotel, it seems like free internet access should be an expectation. I actually found a business center with free internet access similar to what used to be offered at the Ritz Carlton at the nearby Mandarian Oriental Hotel where I used their computers. The Ritz definitely beats this hotel in nearly all aspects, except the free access to the business center. Furthermore, I noticed some changes in the Lobby Lounge. I have noticed a trend in the Ritz Carlton chain that properties are undergoing major renovations as the classic is being removed and the modern is being introduced. Some hotels like the Ritz in Laguna Niguel look more like W Hotels now. Fortunately, in my opinion the San Francisco hotel has resisted such extreme changes. The guest rooms have been tastefully redone, while maintaing a classic theme, and the lobby continues to define elegance. I just noticed in the Lounge that there were empty walls where pictures used to hang and new lampshades, and I hope that they are not the start of a new identity for the space. Another difference I saw during my week at the hotel was that there was no longer any live piano entertainment at night replaced with a CD recoring of W Hotel-style music that was definitely not suitable for the Ritz Carlton. I don't want to sound negative at all. My stay was basically perfect. I just hope to see that the Ritz Carlton continues to maintain its identity as it has for the past 16 years.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Sweetpeasmom
<Content>Loved it with our little ones We stayed at the Ritz Carlton in September 2007 with our 3 children (3 and under). The hotel truly made our family trip to San Francisco a memorable one. The whole staff was so very accomodating -- they were there to take care of every need before we even had to request it. The rooms were fabulous and again I can't say enough about the staff. My husband and I felt like we were on vacation too (and that is hard to do with 3 little ones). When we travel back to San Francisco we will absolutely be staying at the Ritz again -- I don't think another hotel could measure up. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kell113
<Content>The Staff Makes the Hotel......... I recently returned from San Francisco and had the pleasure of staying at the Ritz Carlton! The rooms are beautiful......the beds are extremely comfortable. My room was very quiet! Try to stay on the 6th floor if possible....facing Stockton Street as there is not as much traffic. For even quieter rooms...ask for an inside courtyard room.The hotel is elegant but it is the staff that makes this hotel special! The valets, Aaron and Miquel are very personable! The Bell Staff.....Dino, Robert and Mike are quick to help me with directions and always make me laugh with their humor and wit!I'm sad to see Shaun O'Bryan being transfered for he is the one manager that seems to engage with everyone with a smile his face! Truly a classy man!I plan on returning to the hotel for their tree lighting ceremony and enjoying the whole atmosphere all over again!Whitney Rector  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zoisite
<Content>Beautiful Ritz Carlton A wonderful place to stay in San Francisco. The staff are first rate, the rooms and lobby are stunning. The room service meals were just incredible - the best steaks we have ever had. This hotel made our stay in San Francisco perfect.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suegator
<Content>Still a gem. I got a good rate here but it would have been worth much more. Service was stellar. Even though the hotel has been around a few years, it's barely showing signs of age. Several of the rooms have interesting layouts, worth a look into. The linens were crisp and the room was clean. Room service was on time and nicely presented. Afternoon tea in the lobby was exceptional due to the staff. Later in the day, the place becomes a nice cocktail lounge. The Ritz sits on a hill and a hike uphill from any direction but on the streetcar line and just close enough to Chinatown for some dimsum. Despite other reviews, the neighborhood is much quieter than most others. Not one complaint and I'm usually very picky.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shanehoustonlittle
<Content>Full on Service There are reasons that hotels have 5 star designations. When we arrived the greeters in the lobby greated me by name. We had a suite on the gold floor and were not disappointed. The living room and half bath kept my boyfriend from being stir crazy. The enormous closets, wonderful bathroom and great bed were worth every penny.The free appetizers and drinks with caviar made the gold floor stay extra nice. I had a gestation menu at the Dining Room on the first night and it was wonderful. My only problem besides the eight different courses and glasses of wine occured later at the other restaurants in the city. Seems that their chefs came from here and after having fois gras and pigeon 4 different ways my initial pleasure at the Dining Room was somewhat dulled. I would definitely stay here again when I need extra pampering.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maui1Maui
<Content>We should have been warned about traffic noise! We just recently booked our room at the Ritz because it was the venue of our convention. We were booked into room 221, second floor, almost street level. The traffic noise (motorcycles roaring up the hill, sirens, cars, and morning crossing guard whistle) is extremely irritating and disturbing unless you do not intend to sleep at all. We were quite shocked and disappointed and would not recommend this hotel for the noise factor on this wing. The overall service is good, but could not make up for such a bad room location. Be careful and check before you book because the check-in desk does not warn you about the noise and neither does the website.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ron504
<Content>Put on the Ritz in SFO October 28, 2007Just returned from San Francisco and the Ritz Carlton. This was one of the best stays ever. If any way possible you really should stay on the Club Floor. Check in was easy and quick. Once on the club level everything was smooth. I did call enroute to let the hotel know we were on time and would definately check in early. We arrived at 1:30. A room was not available at that time. We were given access to club lounge. By the time we got up the elevator and a bite to eat (about 10 minutes) our room was ready. I had specified a double bed room not adjoining. We were in an adjoining room. I made my unhappiness known and were given another room facing Pine street. Quite quiet, very clean, good service. During our entire four night stay no problems because I followed through with all of my requests. The staff was extremely accomodating, acknowledging us by name at every opportunity. I do agree with other reviews regarding water pressure but I think it is the shower heads. The hotel should just change the shower heads. Other than that all was very nice. This Ritz Carlton's Club staff really is the best with Ruggero heading the team. Good Job!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JoeAlbertson
<Content>Aging gracefully, but with a few wrinkles. My family and I stayed at the RC SF for 3 nights, October 20-23, 2007. It had been several years since my last stay, so I was curious to see how the hotel had aged. My review of the property follows.The RC SF is located on Stockton St. between California and Pine mid way up Nob Hill. It is an impressive looking structure with the entrance and handsome lobby area located on the fourth (street) level of the hotel. There is construction ongoing at the corner of California and Stockton, but it appeared to be unconnected to the hotel and was not (other than being an eyesore) a bother. We arrived around 1 p.m. and check in at the front desk was painless. We had 2 rooms reserved, a Club floor executive suite with a nearby club king room. The suite was ready for occupancy, but the king was not. Both rooms were located on the 8th floor which is the actual location of the club lounge, though I think the RC classifies the 7th and 9th as club floors as well. The elevator for the 8th floor is via keyed access and opens directly into the lounge area where we were greeted warmly by the club concierge. Those of you who have stayed on the club floor of an RC know the drill. There is a light breakfast, lunch, tea, dinner and after dinner serving served at appropriate times with coffee, tea, soft drinks, beer, wine and cocktails available all day. The rate runs about $150 a night more than a standard room, but I generally find it worth the money. While there was always a good variety of sandwiches, crudits, cheeses and desserts at the RC SF, the menu selection never seemed to change much during our stay. Still, it is a pleasant space and a popular gathering spot. The lounge is child friendly which made it a bit active during parts of our stay. Not bothersome really, but active. Our suite was in the typical RC xecutive?configuration. The door opened into a small foyer with a closet and half bath. The foyer opened up into a living room with a desk, a love seat and 2 arm chairs. The window provided a view ofell, not much. (I have stayed at the RC SF several times on several different floors and have never had a view of much of anything except buildings.) No balcony, but the windows did open about 3 inches to allow a breeze. A glass paneled door with sheer curtains separated the living room from the bedroom, which was nice sized with what I found to be a very comfortable king bed. The dressing area and bath (with separate tub and shower) was behind the bed. The suite was clean and fairly well maintained. A few pulls in the carpet and a bit of torn fabric, but nothing too bad. Other than the bed, the furniture was not extremely comfortable and needed updating, I felt. New flat panel TV were present in both the living area and bedroom. Wireless internet at $12.95 a day was available, but somewhat slow. The bathroom was a bit cramped and poorly laid out, I thought, but serviceable. Good water pressure during our stay.The RC SF has a nice spa with the usual services available. It also has a very good fine dining restaurant on par with other RC properties. There is a talented harpist in the lobby bar during the afternoon and an excellent sushi chef there during the evening. There is a house car available for trips within a mile or so of the hotel. The biggest substantive complaint I had during our stay was the noise level in the room. I know that others on this site have made the same remark. The windows appear to be orginal equipment (If I recall the property opened in 1996) and do not have a great deal of insulation. There was a great deal of bleed through street noise at all hours of the day and night, which was annoying. Now on to being picky. Service at the hotel started off great and then went downhill. I was quite impressed with Valentine, the club concierge, and the front desk and bell staff...Jason and Joel at the front door were especially nice and helpful. However, the staff members at the lobby lounge and outdoor patio off the terrace bar (on the second floor in the courtyard) were weak. Several servers at the lobby bar were standing around chatting with one another, but not doing a good job watching the floor. Still, the service at the lobby lounge was stellar compared to the patio outside the terrace bar. I attempted to enjoy a spectacular afternoon there with a cocktail but could not get anyone to wait on me. When I finally asked for a drink from a passing staff member (who apparently did not work the patio) I was told to o upstairs to the lobby bar to get a drink?and bring it back. Odd, I thought, as there were people eating (inside and out) at the terrace restaurant. Certainly not the level of service I expect from the RC.  I was also disappointed in the servicing of the room. We left early one morning and did not return until 4 p.m. only to find that neither room had been cleaned. When I called the front desk to inquire when the rooms would be cleaned, I was told that I should have asked for an arly?service. Huh?Again, these are picky comments. As I am sure Mr. Roa (whom I respect for responding to the posts on this site) will admit, however, it is the fine details that separate a 4 star from a 5 star property. In the interest of full disclosure, I admit to being a fan of the RC chain and have stayed at dozen or so of their properties around the country. (Pentagon City and Cancun being 2 of my favorites.) To be frank, though, I prefer the Huntington Hotel in San Francisco. It is up the street at the top of Nob Hill on California. Smaller, independently owned, with a wonderful view from the rooms that front California (Grace Cathedrial and the park, with the bay visible in the distance from rooms on the higher floors) and well kept (although, in fairness, somewhat dated) rooms. Impeccable service. While there is no club floor, the Big 4 bar and restaurant compensate by being clubby and wonderful. Plus, even though my favorite rooms there front busy California St., they are much quieter due to heavy, insulated windows. I would have stayed there this trip, but booked late and the property was full.So, how has the RC SF aged since it opened in the mid 90? Fairly well, I think, with the exceptions noted above. I give it a solid 4 rating. If they take care of the noise problem and work a bit on service issues, it will be a 5. All in all it was a pleasant stay. I hope this has been helpful and informative. Safe travels everyone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oyster4
<Content>Nice Hotel The hotel is very nice and the service was above average. The rooms and furnishings are also very nice. I think the beds are okay but not as comfortable as other places. The shower pressure is terrible and needs to be corrected. Prices for the food and drink are in line. The staff is not overly friendly but nice enough.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hobokengyrl
<Content>Horrible Check in but Hotel Great as always Still staying at this hotel but wanted to share my experience with others so they don't make the same mistake. I have stayed at this establishment several times and it ranks up there with my favorites in San Fran. The Omni and the JW Marriott though are in a tie for first place though, I must say.The room is great. Exactly what you would expect at the Ritz. Comfortable, Clean, and Inviting. Check-in was another story. I requested an early check in being I had a very early flight and was told that it would be noted. My fiance and I are celebrating our 5 year aniversary together too I might add and after our check in process that almost came to an end..... We sat in the hotel lounge area for over 3 hours!!! At first we were offered a bottle of water but as time progressed and as we sat there and 'stewed' nothing was offered. A very kind bartender eventually came over and offered us a drink after observing our frustration. Eventually, we were given keys to our room but they mentioned to me, that they were trying to call me for the past hour being my room was ready??? I was sitting right there??? Did not understand how something like this could happen, honestly. Horrible experience. I had tears in my eyes by the time I got up to the room out of sheer frustration.I want to make something clear though. The staff is all wonderful, there was just a severe breakdown of communications amongst them yesterday.Word to the wise, take the early check in with a grain of salt. It seems the people who take the reservations and the actual staff here do not communicate.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Zinnflylla
<Content>Almost perfect - with noise as an exception The Good:Check-in: we arrived just after noon and were delighted to find that our room was ready for us. We were in our room fewer than five minutes after entering the hotel.Room size/appointments: The rooms are generously sized and the decor is undated and elegant. We enjoyed the large flat-panel television.Gym: good selection of weights, treadmills, and elliptical machines, many of which had their own attached television. The water cooler was filled with ice water and slices of orange and cucumber. Delicious. The locker rooms and showers were impeccably clean and well appointed.Check-Out: despite being busy on the day that we checked out, the hotel was able to accommodate our request to leave an hour later than the scheduled check-out time.The Not-So-Good:Noise: we were initially placed in a courtyard-facing room (number 460). Beware ?though this room faces the courtyard, it still noisy. The room sits across from a maid's station, which meant that we experienced fairly constant yelling/ice bucket filling/garbage bag shaking/door slamming from the early morning until the conclusion of turndown service. We informed the hotel of this issue, and to the hotel's credit, we were immediately moved to another room.Shower/Tub: as other reviews have expressed, the bathrooms are well-appointed with Bulgari products, but a combined tub and shower in a hotel of this caliber is an anomaly these days. Water pressure from the shower head could have been better.Overall impression: wel probably stay again, and wel bring earplugs next time.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>tlaxt337
<Content>Ritz Carlton Loses their Edge The problems started at Checkin. 3pm PST.. room not ready. When we were able to check in, room type requested was not granted. The reservation was made several months prior with a note to contact me if room could not be granted. Upon checking into room, bathmat frayed and never changed during the 4 night stay. Hairs were found in tub and all over the bathroom. Disgusting. Never removed after several cleanings. I travel ALOT and don't tend to be very picky, but that is just a problem. 5AM wakeup call was not registered on day of checkout. Had I not been vigilant, I would have missed my flight back to the East Coast. Think twice when making your reservations here. You are potentially in for a let down.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tfspanier
<Content>Jackhammers outside of this Ritz       Construction going on along California St  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L2T
<Content>One of the best city hotels anywhere We stayed at the Ritz in San Francisco with our baby and 2 year old and had a wonderful experience. We had a lovely suite with great views. We travel frequently and have to say this hotel is one of the most beautiful we've every stayed in. Room service was fantastic. They provided a child-proofing kit which was a very nice touch. We will definitely go back!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mid_West_Traveler
<Content>True Luxury and Amazing Service SERVICE: If you want to experience true 5-Star service, visit the San Francisco Ritz-Carlton. For many years my profession was customer satisfaction research where I administered and reported feedback from thousands of customer satisfaction surveys, interviews, and focus groups. I lead many, many customer service improvement teams for various industries. I've never experienced such customer service perfection. Every employee over the five days I was at the hotel was exceptionally friendly, concerned, knowledgeable, poised, and extremely well-trained. I kept trying to find a flaw and presented the staff with a number of requests and challenges. They passed each test with flying colors.RATES AND PACKAGES: This hotel is very expensive. However, compared to its main rival, the Four Seasons, the Ritz is less expensive. I highly recommend checking the hotel's website for a package. Try to get as many services included in your room rate as possible because every extra service you use is very expensive. I booked the Bed and Breakfast package which included a $55.00 per day /per room credit for breakfast, valet parking (at least 50.00 per day), and free internet access - about 13.00 per day. My package rate was $429 which I felt was a very good deal for this hotel. TIP: If you get a package, you will most likely be provided with a letter at registration that explains / confirms what your package rate includes. I recommend you read this carefully. The website did not tell me that the internet was included in my package. This detail was in the letter handed to me when I registered. Also, check the hotel's website frequently as rates can change quickly. If the hotel is not getting enough bookings for a time period, the rates may fall and the packages offer more services for less money. I was not going to stay at this hotel because I couldn't get a guaranteed king bedded room on the Club Level. However, a few days before arriving, I checked the website again and the Bed and Breakfast package was offered at $429. I thought it was a great deal so I cancelled my reservations at a 4-Star hotel and stayed at the Ritz instead.PUBLIC AREAS: Gorgeous and luxurious - - that is if you like traditional furnishings. The Ritz does traditional better than anyone. It's beautiful and yet avoids being stuffy. I really enjoyed spending time in the public areas of the hotel.ROOMS: If there is one area that did not wow me, it was my room. It was luxurious, large, and every thoughtful ammenity was placed at your finger tips. The very traditional decor, however, is understated to the point of almost being bland. The color scheme is pale yellow, gold, and taupe with white trim and ceilings - - and pretty much everything is one of these colors -- VERY monochromatic. The furnishings are top notch, however, and my room definitely had a luxurious feel and was very, very comfortable, quiet and immaculate. The bed was wonderful and had a feather bed over the mattress. While very nice, other chains - 3 and 4-star chains, are providing similar bedding so this did not stand out as much as perhaps in the past. I want to be clear that I did not dislike anything about the room, but it lacked that wow factor for me. This is, however, a matter of taste and I had friends who saw the room while I was there and loved it.I liked that my room had a laptop safe, flat screen tv, and a DVD Player. The mini bar actually had items in it that I wanted. It was very well stocked and the products were of a very high quality - - albeit expensive. I didn't mind paying for the quality and convenience it afforded me.ROOM VIEWS: This hotel is situated such that very few rooms will provide panoramic views of S.F. There are also rooms that face into the hotel's courtyard. I was aware of this before I went to the hotel so it was not a problem for me. I would be happy with either since the street views are not that great.BATHROOMS: This hotel opened in 1991. By today's standards, its bathrooms (in most rooms) are not small but not as large as newer hotels. They are, however, luxurious. Apparently some of the larger suites have separate shower and bath tubs. The tubs are larger than usual although not the huge soaking tubs some hotels are providing. Right before my visit to the Ritz-Carlton, I stayed in a 4-Star hotel. The marble bath in this hotel had an enormous soaking tub and shower that were separate. It's not that there is anything wrong with the 5-Star Ritz, it's just that 4-Star competitors are quickly closing the gap in some areas and their rates are very competitive. The Bulgari bath ammenities are wonderful. I rarely notice these when I travel (about 100 nights a year in hotels) but I really liked these and even bought some in the gift shop to have shipped home.FITNESS CENTER: There is a well-equipped fitness center on floor one of the hotel. It has all the usual equipment and a small indoor pool. The treadmills and cross-trainers had individual TVs with headphones provided. The mens' locker room was great with marble everywhere and very nice wood lockers. The steam bath was great! Shower gel, shaving cream, conditioner, shampoo, huge towels, etc. were all provided.SPA: The hotel has a small spa. TIP: If you want to get a spa treatment, I would book as much in advance as possible as treatment rooms are limited. I overheard two telephone conversations where guests were unable to get a massage because everything was booked.VALET: I used the hotel's laurdry/dry cleaning service three times. I was very expensive, but the laundry is in-house and they did a great job and were quick! I turned in some laundry early one morning and it was back by 1:00 or 2:00pm. LOCATION: This hotel is in an excellent location on Nob Hill. You're just a few blocks from everything - - although as one reviewer said, you'll be walking up some steep hills to get back to the hotel.OVERALL, I give this hotel an excellent rating. I recommend it highly as it's one of the best in the luxury category - - especially if you can snag a great package like I did. The Four Seasons may have a few more whistles and bells - - as well as higher rates, but the Ritz is just as wonderful in its own way.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Daoda
<Content>Perfection If only every Ritz were of the same quality! Stunning hotel, peerless staff, superb rooms. Location is good, near to downtown and Union Square without being in the middle of too much activity. Anyone would have a wonderful stay here.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saltyseadog6
<Content>Absolutely first class We stayed here for the last leg of our honeymoon.We stayed at club level which is absolutely worth the extra. This is quite possibly the best hotel I have stayed in.The rooms were sumptuously appointed, the service was just unbelievable and the food presentations they did (all six of the every day) were just out of this world. There wasn't even a hint of stuffyness from the staff which was so refreshing.The staff made us feel so special. We were even chauffer driven to the restaurant one night. At club level you get a dedicated concierge and they were just so good to us. Every time the reserved a restaurant for us, unbeknown to us, they told each restaurant that we were honeymooners and so we got the best tables.This hotel is absolutely fabulous. It is pure, unadulterated luxury and for a special treat, I can't recommend it highly enough.I am totally sold on the Ritz Carlton group.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ieremia
<Content>The best hotel experience ever!       Union Square about four blocks down  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lalagirl22
<Content>What staying at the Ritz should be! I stayed at the Ritz for one night of a recent business trip. At the last minute, my husband joined me and so I experienced the hotel both as a business traveler and as a romantic getaway.The Ritz scored well on both counts. As a business hotel, it is conveniently located near the financial district. The business center servies (though pricey) are vast, so you can quickly get what you need. The wireless connected quickly and was stable - though only one computer could be connected to the internet at once. As a more romantic getaway, the Ritz was nice. I was working through my birthday, and the hotel staff helped my husband surprise me with some of the best chocolate-covered strawberries I've ever had along with champagne. We also had a delicious dinner in our room, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The service was excellent on all fronts as well. Honestly, I was a little too relaxed for a business trip!Sometimes you stay at higher-end properties and it is overrated...the Ritz, however, earned its name during our one-night stay.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kazpalms
<Content>fabulous stay! Stayed here for three nights in mid August with my husband and four children. We had three rooms on the sixth floor (two were connecting). From the minute we arrived we were met with the most wonderful politeness and helpfulness. The concierges are extremely knowledgeable and helpful and all of the recommendations they made for us for dinner were fabulous. The beds are the most comfortable I have slept in in a long while! Rooms are spotlessly clean and large bowls of apples scattered round the hotel to help yourself to. Only couple of sour notes - breakfast is not that great for the rather expensive price you pay. Also, my son had a massage in the spa. When he signed the slip afterwards they had added on for therapist services. Assuming this was a tax of sorts, he then also gave the therapist a tip. Afterwards we discovered that the therapist services was in fact another way of saying gratuity (20%). At no point did the staff mention to him that the service was already included and pocketed the extra tip! We had this deducted from the bill when we discovered it. Having said this, though, we had a great stay in a wonderfully located central hotel. Very comfortable and perfect for families. The hills keep you fit anyway and the shopping is fantastic! One word of caution - make sure you book your tickets to Alcatraz before you get there. We didn't, because last time we visited you could easily buy them. It seems a new company has taken over and they now sell out very quickly. There are touts around selling tickets but they want four times face value, which we were not prepared to pay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Detailsimportant
<Content>A trusted place to stay We have stayed at the Ritz Carlton on several occasions. This time we stayed on the club/concierge level floor and that was a plus: they have a nice large area to relax, and coffee, breakfast items in the a.m., snacks, cookies, cheese, wine, and beverages. All of the employees we encountered throughout the hotel go the extra mile to be nice - it was a real plus. Our room was in traditional decor, but relatively low ceilings and it seemed the pressure in the shower and tub was a little low - we attributed it to being an older building. Great amenities - I hooked up my IPOD to their bose speaker unit in the room and that was awesome. Good towels, robes, shower amenities, make up mirrors, modern iron and board - all top notch. Parking fees are ridiculous as mentioned in other reviews. Location is not bad - sophisticated and central to a lot of things in downtown SF.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PFM007
<Content>Worth the money We stayed at the hotel in two interconnecting with our children and we had a terrific time. The hotel maintains the right balance between professional service with a friendly approach and nothing is too much for them. The staff make the difference and therefore I would highly recommend a stay here. The location is not good if steep hills are a problem and the parking is expensive at $75 a night plus tax (use the Mary's car park two blocks East at $32 a night total). However the cable car will take you almost to the door. The spa is great although the pool was too cool and quite a shock. Overall, this is a great hotel. (We looked at the Fairmont but this hotel is tired and pretentious with a worse location.)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LaurensMomDanville
<Content>Wonderful Escape My husband and I left our teenagers and escaped to the City to celebrate my birthday. When we arrived we were greeted warmly. I had had a horrific day so I was looking forward to getting to our room asap so I could unwind. I briskly walked out of our car and straight to the lobby. I was greeted by at least two or three hotel employees and they somehow already knew my name. We stayed in a club floor room which is worth the extra $100 or so. Our room was beautiful and recently renevated(?). The club staff were definately there to ensure a pleasant stay. The food was lite but yummy and the drinks made by Johnathon were perfect. Francisco and Crystal also made sure our stay was perfect. Crystal even got us in last minute reservations for Aqua for my birthday dinner. Thanks Ritz-Carlton for making my birthday relaxing, fun and overall a very pleasant experience. Can't wait to return. Sorry I don't have any photos but I believe our room # was 823. It is at the end and very quiet.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Challenger007
<Content>Not all experiences are perfect I loooove looove love the Ritz Carlton product, and especially look forward to staying there twice a year when visiting San Francisco. Many of the things I adore about this property have not changed but unfortunately some important things have slipped. For this visit, my reservation was made directly through the Hotel two months prior to my stay. I called direct in order to book a specific room --which I liked very much in the past-- or a room in the same approximate corridor offering a similar view. This was not a difficult request due to the size of this property and number of rooms that fit this description- if my first choice was not available, I was hoping for an exterior view and was not restricted by budget. I also requested two dinner reservations for this visit. When I arrived at the Hotel and checked in, I inquired about the location of the room and was told it was interior facing. This was not what I had requested or ideal. I asked the young woman at the front desk about my special request and she said it could not be accomodated as the Hotel was quite booked. I asked if they might have a higher category room or Suite available. Unfortunately, she told me there were no other options. Not happy about the sitaution, but still happy to be in one of my favorite places I succumbed and headed off to my room.Things went along as they usually do...lovely flowers, pleasant staff, well maintained facilities, nice displays of food and drink (on the Concierge Floor) and the expected top notch Ritz Carlton SF experience. Day two after hoofing it around the city all day we returned to the hotel to get ready for Dinner and had a message in regards to our Dinner plans-the RC had mistakenly made an 8:00 P.M. Dinner reservation for that evening. It was now 5:45 P.M. and the Concierge contacted the restaurant but unfortunately they were unable to accomodate us. The concierge suggested a few other options-we took her suggestion, and when she phoned us back she notified us that the only opening was at 6:45. Unfortunately since it was Saturday night our options were limited. We quickly showered and headed off to Dinner. After returning from dinner the Concierge greeted us and asked how everything was. We told her the restaurant was very pretty and had a nice atmosphere but the food was just okay. She inquired about what we ate and how the rest of our stay was and we told her how dissappointed we were with a few things and then breifly detailed the room situation, missed reservation, etc. She then stated not all experiences are perfect and to contact her in the future so she could assure we would be taken care of. Hmmmm-can you say stunned? I thought I'm sorry or I hoped you would enjoy the food more might have covered it more tactfully. I enjoyed the remainder of the evening but thought Wow-did that just happen?It is true, not all experiences are perfect but as a frequent traveler I fully well know that. I don't think that line should be uttered by a staff member under any circumstances let alone this one especially since I was (and we were) just answering her question. People make mistakes, and that is why they call them mistakes. I was irked but willing to overlook a less than flawless stay. One mediocre visit would not prohibit a future one. I hoped it was just a hiccup. All I can figure is the place seemed understaffed (turn down service was occuring well after 10:00 P.M.), dirty plates and glasses were everywhere especially during the Morning and Cocktail Hours. And lastly we requested a late check out and that too was something that could not be accomodated. Not a big deal but certainly not the expected for $600.00 a night.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Caitlinsgranmom
<Content>An Enjoyable Stay Just arrived home from our stay at the Ritz Carlton San Francisco. This truly is a wonderfully run hotel with every amenity provided for. There was a misstep at the beginning which should have been addressed but wasn't. We arrived at 3PM for checkin only to be told our room was not quite ready and to check back in about 20 minutes. When we checked back we were told it would be another half hour at least. At that point we should have been offered a drink in the lounge or even a glass of water but they did not do so which surprised me. Upon arrival into our room at 4PM we were delighted to find a large comfortable room with a lovely view toward the front. From that point forward the service was truly the Ritz.We had a breakfast package so took advantage of that the next morning. 37.00 for the Buffet was way to steep for what was offered but that did not seem to affect anyone there except us. We were told we could go to the buffet as part of our package but later learned there is only a 55.00 credit allowed so had to pay the difference. Just another little misstep in an otherwise wonderful experience. The French toast on the regular menu was wonderful so I suggest you skip the buffet and go ala carte instead.The hotel has a Cable car stop right at the corner you can buy either an all day or three day pass to ride since it is 5.00 each way. Check with the Concierge on where to buy the three day pass as you cannot get it on the cable car. We used the system to go all around the city it worked perfectly for us. Parking is pricy at 59.00 a night (yes, 59.00) there is a garage down the street for 32.00 but you cannot go in an out during the day that is why we used the cable car. All in all a lovely experience would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Gilbertgreen
<Content>Pure class, but still very friendly I had stayed at a number of Ritz-Carlton hotels throughout the States whilst travelling on business. This has long been my favourite hotel chain, and their hotel in San Francisco is one of the best I have ever experienced.The staff are delightful, extremely friendly and very helpful. The concierge service is superb. They gave us restaurant recommendations for dinner two nights running, both restaurants were absolutely first class. We were also advised to take a particular wine tour to Napa, which was one of the best excursions that I have ever been on.Our room was extremely spacious and comfortable, and on the rare occasion that we used room-service, this was quick and efficient. The Lobby Lounge in the evening features a very cool jazz singer and pianist, ideal accompanyment for that nightcap before retiring.All in all a superb hotel offering the perfect balance between efficiency and friendliness.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roy999
<Content>treat yourself while exchange rate allows! while the exchange rate offers $2 to the pound this is luxury thats merely very very pricey rather than unaffordable so we splashed out and it was great.We had the most basic room package with no food so can't comment on the food. The room was large spacious, bright, with a large flat TV and a good big bathroom with 2 basins.Excellent tea and coffeee maker in a big wooden case by the door is very welcome after a hard day shopping and sightseing.A tray of chocolates with a farewell message on the last night was a nice personal touch.Great location near to Union Square shops, with cable car stop right outside and Chinatown round the corner.Swimming pool and whirlpool spa were enjoyed by us daily and were never busy.A later checkout at 1400 was readily agreed to without any hassle, unlike many hotels which strongly resist a request to stay beyond 12 and make you feel unwelcome.Concierge was very helpful, as we asked him to find out if Armistead Maupin was doing a signing of his new book while we were there - he found out within minutes and sent up a map of the location and a newspaper article on him from the previous day. Top marks for speed and helpfulness  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattswiss
<Content>Top Notch! This was the second time my husband and I spent our anniversary at this Hotel. We booked the bed and breakfast package with dinner reservations at the Dining Room. When it comes to service and greetings the Ritz Carlton is unbeatable. They upgraded us to a one bedroom suite which was huge and very comfortable. Because of our anniversay they left us chocolates and flower pedals on our bed.Nice touch! They even have a free town car for guests to bring them anywhere in the city. The dinner was fabulous as to be expected and the breakfast in the morning was just great.I do not understand how you could not like this place. You get what you pay for, it is that simple. The clientele is chic and we even saw some well behaved children.We make this an annual event from now on.Thanks Ritz!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccoreySanDiego
<Content>Perfection! We hosted our daughter-in-law's baby shower at the hotel and worked with the event coordinator over a period of time on all the details. The whole staff at the hotel was extraordinary, from the coordinator, the reception desk, the concierge, the housekeepers, the valets and the bellmen!The facility is beautiful and well maintained. The staff was warm, gracious and welcoming. Our room was large and comfortable.The spa is rather small but adequate. The luncheon was delicious and the staff very anticipatory of our guests' needs. The Sunday brunch was amazing!We had an absolutely delightful weekend at this hotel and we would hope to do another event there. I recommend this Ritz very highly!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dsHonolulu
<Content>Nice but not five stars       Room  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>AmoItalia
<Content>Old Money... The common areas and lobby of this hotel are beautiful, and I'm sure the suites are too. However, we had a standard room and I couldn't help but think of being at some rich, old relatives house that hasn't been touched since the 50's or 60's. Lot's of fuzzy upholstery, pillows and drapes, etc... The bathroom was very standard, with the shower/tub combo (though the Bvlgari products were very nice!). I'm sorry, but as far as I'm concerned, in 2007, a hotel can not be 5 star, or charge $500 a night for a standard room, without a separate shower and tub.Also, ladies, please be warned about the salon services. I booked a pedicure through the spa (which, by the way, was incredibly screwed up by the reservation dept.). For $125 I was led upstairs, to one of the regular hotel rooms that had the beds taken out and replaced with 2 of their grandma chairs, handed a remote control to the t.v., and told I could change the channel if I wanted. What? For the next 45/50 minutes I sat uncomfortably upright receiving a pedicure, with a bowl of water at my feet that the poor manicurist had to keep running to the bathroom to change, all the while thinking that this couldn't possibly be a Ritz Carlton. Forget about spa chairs and aroma therapy! This HAS to be some type of temporary arrangement, yet nothing was said about it, and the price certainly was not adjusted. (Oh, and they so considerately add the 17% tip to the total for you. Just in case we forget I guess...)The highlight of the hotel was without a doubt the service. Most everyone in the hotel was extremely gracious and so willing to help. The doormen were exceptional.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Pontormo55
<Content>A Tacky Incident Marred My Stay I stayed at the Ritz Carlton in San Francisco from April 30th to May 5th. As most people have mentioned, the hotel is beautiful and the staff is very polite and cheerful--it's everything you would expect in a world class hotel.Maybe that's what makes what happened to me seem all the more tacky.  I have a very common Spanish name, and when my wife called me at the hotel one night the switchboard operator at the Ritz Carlton said, Is he a guest or an employee?  I don't really mind being considered one of the Spanish speaking staff of the Ritz in San Francisco, but it does bother me that the question--Is he a guest or an employee?--would never be asked if the caller asked to speak to, say,Ted O'Reilly or Rebecca Schwartz. Fair is fair, and we should all be treated equally.  I contacted the Ritz about this and I suggested that they retrain their operator staff to ask simply Is (blank) a guest? and leave out the employee part. The Ritz sent me a generic acknowledgment that they received my letter, but otherwise no response.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thefreshbean
<Content>What a place! This hotel is a refuge in the city! once you come through the doors, it's all good! The ambience and the staff just make this location second to none. We were suite guests, and took advantage of the exclusive happy hour and fantastic breakfast overlooking the city! If you have a choice, and can swing it, this is truly a wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JMB2003
<Content>Wonderful oasis in bustling city! We spent 2 nights at the Ritz San Francisco over the Memorial Day weekend holiday. Overall, it was a fantastic experience. From the greetings as we entered the grand lobby area (the smell of fresh flowers is truly wonderful), to the beautiful room, we truly enjoyed the experience.Pros: Excellent room service  food items offered; top quality bath and room amenities; very friendly staff; the Fitness Center (fruit-infused water, steam room, pool--need I say more?); bottled water provided when you valet and take your car out.Cons: I would have preferred a separate tub and shower, but I think due to limited space in the city, it needed to be done this way. We had a special order of water and cheese, but it was not in our room when we first arrived, and it took 2 phone calls to get it up there (and it was missing requested items, such as lemons and ice). I also visited the spa, and they were 10 minutes late in getting to me, which I think they should work on. Also, the valet attendant nearly gave another couple our rental car (!), very random. If it wasn't for my husband arriving to the scene a few seconds later, someone else would have driven off with our car (so be sure you are there before your car arrives).  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Annie92
<Content>Great Stay An extremely comfortable hotel with wonderful staff. I will admit there were a couple of issues with our room, but they were quick to resolve them and the staff, overall, was very kind and efficient. The club floor is especially nice in terms of access to snacks and drinks and extra staff. We also enjoyed excellent dining in the hotel's Dining Room for a superb dinner and the Terrace Restaurant for a very pleasant Sunday Brunch. Made for a great long weekend getaway. Just beware - as part of a package, breakfast and parking were included in our rate. Otherwise these things can quickly add quite a bit to your total bill. On the other hand, that is to be expected at any city hotel of this caliber.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>TX1
<Content>Best service ever! We were fortunate to stay at the Ritz Carlton May 5 through the 9th. The hotel is truly beautiful - elegance is an understatement. The main fact that it keep remembering is the service at this hotel. It surpasses any Ritz Carlton that I have been fortunate enough to visit. They are such polished, professional individuals. Not one employee will walk past you without saying Good Morning. This simple task makes one smile. We were entertaining a large group and the staff was so good to make sure everything went smoothly. I cannot say the food was to die for......we enjoyed Sunday Brunch, lunches and dinners and weekday breakfasts, all good, but nothing that I HAVE to go back for. But it was the service and the ambiance that would have me return. The room was perfect, we enjoyed a suite on the 5th floor, and there was construction outside our window, but the room itself was great - spotless, and fully stocked with anything one might be in need of. Good location to different sites, and right on the cable car line, what isn't in walking distance, courtesy cars are available to close places, simply tip the driver. Recommend this beautiful hotel. You will feel more special than ever.TX1  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TM99
<Content>Excellent service in elegant surroundings Having driven in a Cab from the airport through a really unprepossessing area just by Market St ( where the Four Seasons is), we were all very relieved to reach Nob Hill and the Ritz. This is a thoroughly elegant, city hotel, which also has excellent and friendly service. We had a spacious junior suite and my only negative comment would be the shower was over the bath and not separate.We liked the location - easy to get to places and only a 2 minute walk to pick up a cable car.In terms of dining, we had room service the first evening (jet-lag) and delicious buffet breakfasts in the main restaurant which always included a superb array of fresh fruit and A1 lattes. One evening we ate in the Ritz's signature restaurant (the Dining Room). It's French style but with a Pacific twist. We found the meal good (and service was most attentive) but the flavours in the sauces were somewhat heavy-handed at times. However, the petits fours were the most dazzling and perfect selection I have ever gorged myself on anywhere!Also, there is a very good-sized indoor pool, which was a great bonus for us, including our young son.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and its position in the city.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ExpertTripPlanner
<Content>One of the Best! I spent an exhilarating three nights at this property in early April, combining business with pleasure. I booked a room on the Club Level, which was absolutely outstanding. Everything about this property, from location, to amenities, to food, to service (especially) was exemplary.Upon arrival, everyone knew my name, and treated me with respect and thoughtful, sincere consideration.The Club Level is the way to go - food is available all day long, from about 6:30 am until 9:30 pm, or thereabouts. I gained nearly four pounds while I was a guest there - the offerings are irresistible and delicious! While I had dinner reservations out each night, I could not pass up the great hors d'oeuvres and desserts. Believe it or not, I chose this hotel over the Four Seasons, because the Ritz has an in-room coffee maker, which the Four Seasons does not. At this price level, this is what I expect.Kudos to the front desk and the Club Level concierges. They did everything they could to please me. I am also grateful to the kind bellman who arranged for a ride is the hotel Escalade to my dinner date at Quince, when cabs were difficult to find. I regret that I had no money in my pocket, and was not able to tip him for his great kindness. This is the only place to stay in San Francisco, if you can afford it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wreckcat
<Content>Fantastic, Beautiful, loved it This is a beautiful hotel. We could not have asked for anything better. The food, the rooms, the people and staff were all so nice and dedicated to making our stay just perfect. If you go to San Francisco, make sure this is the place you stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geekspice
<Content>My favourite hotel in the U.S. The staff at the Ritz are really the best. They are extremely friendly and helpful, and have a great sense of humour. The rooms are very nice, and the gym is great. The neighborhood around the hotel is great for just walking around and soaking in the San Francisco setting.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>natasha49
<Content>We loved the Ritz! Our family loved this hotel and if you are traveling to San Francisco then this is THE place to stay. We (family of four) stayed on the Concierge/Club level and from the moment we arrived we were in awe. The staff made us feel so welcome and we were genuinely sad to leave. For example, when our room wasn't ready, (which after a long tedious flight from Australia could have been rather perplexing due to tiredness, a cranky 7 year old son who needs sleep etc) a huge meal was provided for us for free while we sat in the Lounge by the fire place drinking wine and relaxing and boy, the room was worth the wait! The 2 double beds were so comfortable and the bathroom was massive with a large bath and separate shower and it was stocked with beautiful Bulgari toiletries. These toiletries were constantly replenished for us which came in handy for our month long vacation and the water/tea and coffee supplies were replenished daily too. For my daughter's 10th Birthday we went to the Teddy Bear's Tea and enjoyed the fabulous show by Binky the clown and the children received the most gorgeous bears as souvenirs. At the end of the day, Sara organised a plate of goodies and the staff and other guests sang Happy Birthday to her by the magnificent Christmas Tree. The pool is another big bonus at this beautuful hotel as is the hotel's proximity to China town ( I agree with other reviewer's comments re Oriental pearl-don't go there!) and to Union square. Union square was full of Pre- Christmas activity and yes, there are some very unsavoury characters down there (thank goodness my kids didn't see a man having a fabulous time by himself next to a pole-you can fill the gaps!!!) but the shopping was unbelieveable and full of amazing bargains! The food and drinks available at the lounge are of excellent quality and the staff always made my children feel welcome, even after 8 when they would come in for hot chocolate and cookies in their pajamas while my husband and I would snack on desserts and wines. The business centre was free to use too. To top everything else off, we even ran into a very famous movie star/director from New York who always stays at the Ritz because of this Club level's discreet staff and attention to detail. I really could go on and on...I won't! Do yourself a favour and stay there-you will not regret it!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bourgeoisie05
<Content>Great hotel, but poor for business travelers Stayed here while on a business trip during the middle of February. While the hotel was excellent, for the price of the room, I expected services one commonly finds at an average hotel these days - namely, complimentary wireless internet and a reasonably priced business center. What I found was wireless internet for $14 a day and a business center that cost $7 for 10 minutes of usage. Certainly people that stay at the Ritz can afford these prices, however in my opinion these basic features should be included complimentary. I recommend this hotel for all but business travelers.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mrs.leacock
<Content>relaxing and attentive A real treat for the entire family. We never wanted for a thing.The concierge service was fabulous.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>matnew
<Content>Restaurant Recs The Ritz is a terrific hotel but their restaurant recommendations need updating. The consierge sent me to a so-so Sushi place called San Raku and then to an awful Chinese place called Oriental Pearl. In a city of thousands of Japanese and Chinese restaurants I think the Ritz could do better.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>serendipit4
<Content>Fall in Love with San Francisco       Farewell Chocolates  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eadmom
<Content>Enjoyed our time at the Ritz My husband and I recently stayed at the Ritz for a weekend. We had a yearly function we always attend in the City. We usually stay at a hotel on Nob Hill, but decided after numerous stays with bad service we would try a new hotel. I love to stay at the older hotels in the City, I am not into modern.The Ritz had everything we needed to make our stay enjoyable. We had booked a club level suite, and right from the start we were well taken care of. Within two days of booking a club conceirge had contacted us to make arrangements for anything we needed. She made sure we had our spa teartments booked, dinner reservations, and transportation from the hotel.The club level is the way to go. The food presentations throughout the day are excellent. When we needed further help all staff was there to take care of us. My husband found at 4:00 on a Saturday that he had grabbed a suit shirt instead of his tuxedo shirt. The club level manager was very helpful in getting him transportation to Union Square, and he was back in time and ready to leave for our 4:30 function.There is no salon at the hotel, but the conceirge, Sara, found a gentlemen from a nearby salon to help me with an updo for the evening. He came straight to the room. Thank you Daniel from Maiden Lane Salon. We were always taken care of at the hotel. We drink major amounts of water, and we had worked out in the fitness room downstairs before dinner. When we returned back up to our room, we stopped on the club floor on our way to get bottles of water to drink. We were surprised when we came back the first evening after dinner to find all of our empty full size water bottles on our nightstands replaced with new ones and an extra for each of us.Room Service was very quick, and they were quick to return when we called to clear our dishes.We have always stayed for the last 11 years at the Mark Hopkins at least 3 times a year. Some of the same people still work there to this day. They do not remember who you are, room service is very slow, and they have moved the club lounge to the lobby level.The Ritz is so much better, and we have found our new hotel of choice in San Francisco.The service is amazing, the staff is very cordial and helpful. It would just be nice if they had a better spa, and offered a salon on the premises.We are looking at taking our daughter there on her birthday to spend the night and partake in the afternoon tea.We always said before, I can't wait to return to the Mark, now we say we Can't wait to get back to the Ritz and its service.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marjNewYorkCity
<Content>Contentment turns to Anger We loved the Club Level during our three-day stay. The staff was cordial and helpful, the food was great. We booked a prepaid trip through Expedia. We owed $17 when we checked out. However, the credit card I gave at check-in was used by the Ritz to place holds of $301.40, $101.40, $301.40, $8.34, $9.40 on the card without my knowledge or consent. I thought someone had stolen the number. The Ritz said it was their policy based on a night audit. I still have not had a satisfactory explanation. If I knew of their policy of holds, I would have booked another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tommypatterson
<Content>great brunch         
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Nessie_the_Monster
<Content>Elegant and refined We are a family of four. We spent Christmas in San Francisco and stayed at this beautiful property. We had a suite that had everything we needed to feel right at home. Having a Bose Ipod dock in the room was a welcome detail. Great staff, tasteful decor, excellent service throughout. Ritz-Carlton has always resulted in an excellent experience but this hotel in particular sets itself in a higher category.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deaconzeke
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Traveled across the bay for an anniversary celebration. The room was beautiful and the service wonderful. The rose petals on the bed for our turn down service was a nice touch. Will be back same time next year.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Houstongal
<Content>First class all the way! My teenager son and I stayed at the Ritz pre thanksgiving and had an awesome time. We did the club level and even though it was a little more dollar wise, it was worth every penny. We had 24 hour food and beverage available, everyone knew your name. I never felt more secure. Sara and Regarro knew my son by name and I even went to get a massage one evening and felt comfortable with him staying alone knowing the concierges are always there. He used the complimentary IPOD and thought that was great. By the way, Tanya, did the massage and she was perfect. I have zero complaints about this hotel. I cannot wait to go back next again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madimattmom
<Content>Soooo sad to leave! This is my second time at this hotel. My husband and I stayed on the Executive Level. I only have great raves about the staff on that floor and the whole hotel.The room is tasteful, pretty bathroom. The mattress is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The duvet cover and pillows are out of this world. You just don't want to get out of bed!When you get to the lounge, the staff knew my name and asked me if I had slept well. They change the food on the buffet table 5 times during the day! The food was so good that we actually went back to the lounge for lunch while shopping in the city. Did I mention the caviar and blinis during cocktails and what about the chocolates after dinner. Listen I could go on and on about the food.I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rome1
<Content>Very Impressed I was very impressed with the Ritz San Francisco. Beautiful hotel, great location. Room was very spacious and set up like a suite. Special cudos to the Concierge who set up some special requests including an exotic car rental and a tour of hard to get access to winery. Just what one would expect from the Ritz. Only misstep was that they promised to send a special chocolate desert to our room to make my wife's birthday, but it never came. Since they were 'on the money' with all the services we actually paid for I won't hold it against them.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dianehamilton
<Content>Gold Service and Value. Hello from Scotland,This hotel is what you expect from the best. Security wise, service wise, it leaves nothing to chance. You feel at home from the outset, Try the dining room. service at it's best. Worth the money. We travelled from Las Vegas stopping at the Del,San Diego and the Fairmont in SantaMonica, The Ritz is one of the best in California.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CSS
<Content>Great for a splurge We splurged on a 1-night romance package for our anniversary last year, and had a fantastic experiecne. The staff were polite, thoughtful, and willing to help with anything. They even greeted us by name as we would pass by the reception desk. The food in The Dining Room was spectacular. Ron Siegel is a fantastic chef, and we enjoyed every minute of it, despite the old-world interior. The room itself was HUGE, and the bathroom was spacious as well. We were not disappointed by anything. That being said, it was a really expensive night. Including dinner (where we did not skimp), we spent about $1000. Yikes! Great for a splurge, but not an everyday kind of hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LUVLUXARY
<Content>Ritz Carlton San Francisco is the BEST HOTEL EVER! I tarvel for business and have stayed all over the world. When I was sent to San Francisco for a work assignment I was happy but not excited to be away from the east coast for 30 days. The Ritz-Carlton was going to be my home for the month of August. I had a car pick me up at the airport and then I made my may to the BEST HOTLE EVER..... I walked in and two employees welcomed be by name and said they were excited to have me here. How did they know me???? The employees seemed to really care about me - it wasn't that fake service you get at other luxary hotels. As I walked toward the front desk a employee Billy came up to me and gave me my room key and took me up to my room. I never had to go to the front desk. When I entered my room I found they had stocked everything I would ever need. Since I was staying a month they did research and found out my fav snacks, mag, movies and music. Everything was their for me. I also had a bowl of fruit and box of chocaltes with me name spelled on them. They created business cards for me using the Ritz address. My stay only got better. I was back in San Fran and The Ritz was booked so I stayed at teh St. Regis - Oh my.... that was so bad. I will never stay at a starwood property again. The staff is bad and guest rooms are worst.Stay at the ritz when you come to San Francisco. I have no moved here and go there for dinner twice a week. Best place to enjoy live!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Londonfamily
<Content>A really lovely hotel We are fans of Ritz Carlton but had been concerned about the relatively low rating on Trip Advisor of this one. I contacted the hotel and they were so helpful and reassuring, telling me about the refurb which has recently been finished etc.Well I needn't have worried. We stayed 3 nights in mid July as part of a near 3 week California holiday and the hotel was just perfect. A beautiful building, very good location and elegant throughout. We were greeted by name all the time and had so many notes and phonecalls asking us if everything was ok.We stayed on the club level which was delightful. The food presentations were so yummy and plentiful, we really had no room for dining out! The club concierges were wonderful and so helpful.Our room, a suite, was stunning, and the new decorations are sophisticated and refined. We had flat screen tv in the bedroom, living room and bathroom which pleased pur 13 year old son!Overall, we loved this hotel and although San Francisco was not our favourite US city, we would without question stay at the Ritz if we return.If you are interested check out our reviews of the Ritz at Laguna Niguel, which was not such a happy experience, the Regent Beverly Wiltshire, which was great and the Monterey Plaza Hotel which was horrid.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cceiii
<Content>Fantastic Experience at the Ritz I just returned from three wonderful nights at the Ritz-Carlton in SF. The hotel is teriffic. As I first walked in the door, I was greeted with a glass of champagne as I waited to check in (behind one other person). The staff just can't do enough for you. Everyone greets you with a smile and a Good Morning as you head out for the day. As I went out for my morning run, the doorman offered me water and a running route that he thought I might enjoy. On a personal level, the experience at the Ritz was perfect.The hotel itself is extremely nice, having just been through a renovation (some of the exterior is apparently still being renovated). The rooms are decorated in classic Ritz style. The bed was absolutely amazing - definitely one of the most comfortable beds I have slept on. I almost didn't want to get up in the morning! The hotel's location is great for signtseeing and for shopping. It is located right on Nob Hill, a couple of blocks away from Union Square and about a 10 minute walk from the Embarcadero.I can't say enough about how great the people at the Ritz are. They seemed to treat each guest as if he or she were the only one at the hotel. It's certainly not the cheapest hotel in SF, but it is a wonderful experience and I look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>Time to change hotels After many years of staying on the club level, I was looking forward to seeing the newly decorated rooms during my June trip. What a disappointment. The increased cost per guest room is not merited by the heavy, clunky furnishings. The staff, as always, was gracious and accomodating.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>On Top Of Snob Hill Terrible Stay at the Ritz San Francisco Of all my years of staying in Luxury hotels this was the absolute worst. It is located on top of what is called Snob Hill actually Nob Hill a block walk from Chinatown. The staff is not friendly at all. It is not located to anything to walk to as far as Union Square as I thought. The comp house car is not comp...everyone has a price and be sure to have money for tips...The staff will wait until you tip them. Beautiful entrance but once you go to your floor beware of the cigarette butt by people whom put it out on the tables and the smoking smell. The rooms are not sound proof in fact I complained a number of times about the party then children stomping while I was tryin to rest. Security is not a fact there is none so I felt unsafe as people can come and if you go a couple of blocks away that is the worst and unsafe area in the city. My advice is to stay in Union Square which has more to see and do.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Dining Room We did our yearly trek to the fine dining mountain only to find that one of us had changed, and I think it was me. Over the past year I had been able to try the fine dining experiences up and down the California coast line, to find out that my opinions of fine dining had changed. This idea has was reinforced by my recent experience at the Dining Room at the Ritz. I think the menu may even have been the same as our last visit To say the least it is in a rut, and the rut begins with the dining staff. There was not one moment of real interaction the whole evening. There was not one item on the menu that had anyone jumping with expectation, nor was there any one thing that had anyone at our table saying that they were even pleasantly surprised. Same-same-same... I agree that the experience is meant to recreate the fine wooden paneled evenings in an old men's club... but for heck sake, this is San Francisco and the patrons are due some food fire works... some palate surprises... at least an OOOOMPH now and then. The only highlight of the evening were our wine by the glass pairings by the sommelier. Lovely everyone of them, fine choices from an experienced background. Can't emphasize how nice the nuances were.But back to the food, save your money or better yet go to the St Regis and try Ame, or Campton Place or even better travel to Inverness up the coast line and experience Manka's. You will be much better served, as well as experience exquisite palate choices from the kitchen.And please tell the waitstaff that clientel really do know what a beignet is and we don't need a snooty attitude explaining it is French for donut holes.... really.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Trip       Ritz carlton  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Billiebob
<Content>Satisfied Great location, friendly and helpful staff, lovely accommodations on the club level floor. Good food and services on club level.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>checkoffthelist
<Content>Perfect Choice for a Family Vacation I recently returned from a six night family vacation (with my husband and three children) at the Ritz Carlton San Francisco. We had booked two interconnecting deluxe rooms through the American Express Platinum Fine Resorts and Hotels program (which I highly recommend using ?more on that later). We enjoyed our stay enormously and have only good things to say about this hotel. I researched hotels extensively when I planned this trip. I read all of the reviews of the Ritz Carlton on this website, as well as in the standard guidebooks and Zagat. I debated between this hotel and the Four Seasons for quite some time. Weighing in favor of Four Seasons was the fact that it usually receives the highest ratings in all of the sources I checked and that I tend to like the sleek contemporary dcor of the Four Seasons rather than the formal, faux elegance type of dcor of a Ritz Carlton. Weighing in favor of the Ritz Carlton was that I thought it had a better location for San Francisco tourism and less of a business atmosphere (i.e., better for a family) than Four Seasons, friends of ours who had traveled to San Francisco with their children had highly recommended it, and it was less expensive than the Four Seasons for the same type of room and the same standard of luxury. I felt that I could not go wrong with the Ritz Carlton, and I was right. It was the perfect choice.The location was ideal for sightseeing. It is about two blocks from Chinatown, and a five to ten minute walk from the North Beach area (where we usually walked to a restaurant at night), Union Square, and the SOMA museums. Also, there is a stop down the block for the major cable car lines, and it just takes a few minutes to get to Fisherman Wharf with the line we took. (A taxi to this area or to Telegraph Hill would not be more than five minutes). I never saw homeless people on the block of the hotel, and I felt safe walking around the immediate area at night. The hotel iself is in an elegant old building, and has a luxurious dcor. As mentioned, although this ld world?elegance is not really my style (and I felt in particular that the breakfast restaurant could use a lot more light and a more casual and contemporary style), the hotel is definitely luxurious, without being stuffy or uncomfortable to be in with children. On the contrary, we saw tons of families with kids in the hotel while we were there (I totally disagree with a previous reviewer on this site that found the clientele of this hotel to be all old people. I did not see any old people at all, nor would I particularly care if I did). Our two rooms were quite spacious (especially for a city hotel), and I greatly appreciate the fact that we were able to get them interconnecting in a lower price category. Also, the rollaway bed in the second bedroom was free, and it is the only hotel I was able to find in downtown San Francisco that had this policy (although the Ritz Carlton makes up for it by charging slightly more than the others for parking). Our rooms had been recently renovated and were luxurious, comfortable and well appointed. The bedding and linens were exquisite. We always had delicious chocolate treats waiting for us in our rooms, and on our last night, received a special boxed set of treats with ond Farewell?written on it in chocolate. The hotel has a lot of nice touches like that and wonderful attention to detail. Also, our bathroom amenities were always restocked ?something that doesn always happen even in other luxury hotels. There is a large indoor pool in this hotel. Although we did not have time to use it, I did check it out, and it looked pretty nice.I mentioned that we had booked this hotel through the Amex Platinum desk. If you happen to have a platinum card, this is definitely the way to go. Although we could not take advantage of several of the available benefits on this trip (upgrades were not available at the time we checked in, we did not need early check in or late check out, and we did not have an opportunity to have our free lunch in the hotel), we had a huge savings by getting a daily $80 credit towards the price of breakfast. We travel a great deal as a family and we usually stay in luxury hotels. Typically, breakfast for a family of five runs about $150 in these places. Likewise, at the Ritz Carlton. The credit took the pain out of the breakfast tab. Another hint for savings on breakfast when you have kids ?ask for the kids?menu. On our first two mornings, it had not been offered to us and we did not know there was a kids menu (simply a discount on the price of the hot and cold buffet). On our third day, suddenly we were offered the kids?menus. Even my 16-year old ordered the Mickey Mouse Pancake off of it for $5. The portions on the kids menu are absolutely huge and they are all $5. The Mickey Mouse pancake and the waffles on the kids menu would be enough to satisfy any ravenously hungry normal sized adult. Honestly, I would have ordered from it myself had I not been completely embarrassed to do so. As it was, I ordered the continental breakfast for four times the price.The staff of the hotel is as friendly, courteous and helpful as they can possibly be. The service is top notch across the board from the chamber maids, porters, and doormen to the front desk. In fact, there was a glitch on one night during our stay, and it was handled in the best possible way. The hotel is undergoing renovation floor by floor. In the middle of one night, the alarm sounded several times within each of our rooms (and I believe throughout the hotel). I phoned the front desk who told me that everything was okay, but that the fire department was on its way. Apparently, as we learned subsequent to the incident, some construction dust on one of the floors being renovated got onto the smoke detector causing the alarm to go off throughout the hotel. Needless to say, we did not get a good night sleep that night. Nevertheless, the hotel could not have handled this situation better than it did. When I went to check out, I spoke to a manager about it and he was as gracious and accommodating as he could possibly be. Before I could even finish my sentence, he refunded the full amount for the two rooms for that night. No questions asked. I left having a very positive feeling about this place ?I will definitely stay here on my next trip to San Francisco. I recommend it for anyone who wants a wonderful base to see or do business in this great city.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KEITH10
<Content>San Francisco Ritz Carlton - One Of The Best We just returned from a five night stay at the San Francisco, Ritz Carlton. This is the third time we have stayed at thiis hotel and, once again, had an outstanding stay.We booked a room on the club floor. I highly recommend this floor. The club room is wonderful providing a nice quiet place for converstation and six different food presentations throughout the day, along with compimentary beverages including wine.The Hotel is going through a renovation and each room is being upgraded. Our room was already upgraded and included new carpeting, new furniture with the walls of the room freshly painted.The service was wonderful from the very helpful people at the front desk to the fantastic people in the club room. At check-in we were given warm towels which was a nice touch after our long day of getting to San Francisco.Prior to our stay, I was contacted by one of the concierges of the club floor who was very helpful in making various arrangements for us.The hotel will also provide compimentary rides to nearby locations. One of the days it was raining and it was nice that the car dropped us off at a restaurant a few blocks away from the hotel.The hotel is located very close to areas including Chinatown.This is a wonderful hotel. I rate it as one of the finest hotels in the US and highly recommend it to others whether staying on business or on please or celebrating a special occassion.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mollywolly
<Content>OK but not the best Ritz-Carlton We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of March. The hotel is in a good location and very attractive from the outside. Check-in was quick and we were allocated a room on the 4th Floor. The room was a good size and although it wasn't a newly renovated room it was clean and didn't look or feel too tired. The traffic noise from the road outside was a problem though - the windows didn't seem to cut out much noise at all and we were woken a few times during the night by the sound of sirens and the traffic always woke us early in the morning. Maybe the rooms on the higher floors don't suffer from this problem.The business centre was great for catching up on emails and the coffee provided each morning helped to offset the irritation of being woken early by the traffic. Some aspects of our stay were great but in general I felt that this Ritz-Carlton was not as good as others we have stayed at.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ringoandmisty
<Content>1st Class Hotel! We stayed at the Ritz for one night to celebrate our 10th Anniversary. We booked a standard room on the club level. A few days before our stay the concierge contacted me via email and arranged for spa treatments for us. He also asked if we had any special songs.When we arrived we were greeted by name, and given warm washclothes to freshen up while checking in. When we arrived at the club level we were met by Brandi who showed us to our room, and gave us the run down on the Club lounge serving schedule. Very nice and friendly!!When we entered our room our song was playing on the CD player! They had burned a CD for us. They also had a small tray of chocolates for us with a Happy Anniversary message written in chocolate on the tray. The room was very nice. Wonderfully comfortable bed. NIce flat screen tv. Pretty marble bathroom with double sinks.They sprinkled our bed with rose petals at turn down!Sunday morning we went to the champagne brunch at the Ritz. Very expensive ($70 each), but wonderful food!!When we retrieved our car from the valet to go home they had a little note in the car thanking us for staying, another card listing the local radio stations and directions to the freeway, plus two bottles of water for us.We felt very pampered, and all of the extra touches really made our stay feel special. I very much look forward to staying at the Ritz again someday!!Hopefully for longer than one night next time!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ThreePuttPat
<Content>Just what you would expect from a Ritz Carlton - great! From the moment we arrived for an early check-in our entire experince at the Ritz Carlton was magnificent. The staff was attentive and took care of all our requests without hesitation. The hotel is centrally located and was just a short walk away from one of the cable car stops. Cable car rates were $5 for a one way ticket or $10 for an unlimited daily pass. We took advantage of the $10 option each day and were able to cover a lot of ground. Our standard king room was generous in size and the bed was quite comfortable. The hotel is undergoing a major renovation and our room was not one of the newly updated ones. They informed us at check-in that the renovation was taking place on a floor by floor basis. We were there for two nights (on a Thursday and Friday) and we neither saw nor heard any construction. It was not a problem.The Ritz has a nice pool and hot tub on the lower level. If you enjoy steam rooms you'll really like theirs - it was spacious and really got cooking!The Lobby Bar was a good place to relax. In the morning they had complimentary coffe and tea. In the evening it was a nice place to have a quiet cocktail and do some people watching. A couple nights a week they have a Sushi chef on hand to prepare appetizer plates to order.We've stayed in several Ritz Carltons around the country and feel that this may be our best experience yet. The staff here does a splendid job of providing stellar service and makes you feel like a pampered guest.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in San Francisco So we've seen and stayed at a lot of hotels in San Francisco, but none compare to the Ritz-Carlton. We just returned from a 2 night stay, and everything about the hotel was impeccable. We had a Deluxe Guest Room, which will run you about $500/night (not including food- a burger and omelette ordered from room service will run you about $50, but the 24 hour dining service was a complete luxury, and the quality of the food was excellent. We also had breakfast in the hotel twice, and everything was fresh and cooked to perfection). Although the room itself isn't that big, it is large when compared to other San Francisco hotels. The bathroom was large, complete with his and her sinks, and a phone next to the toilet. The bed was incredibly comfortable. The hotel even has an indoor pool, which is rare in the city. What really makes this hotel is the service, quality, and attention to detail. One night we asked the bellman to flag us a taxi, and instead he offered us the hotel's limousine. We will definitely stay here again! If you're willing to pay the money, the Ritz-Carlton is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CopperfieldNJ
<Content>Great For Adults/Great For Kids       Exterior of hotel  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the Best This hotel is second to none, my wife and I spent 3 days last week and it was the best 3 days we have spent in any hotel across the world. From the front door, greeting person and front desk through to the amazing club level everyone of my wishes were answered.Great job and we will be back.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service is the Key! My wife and I decided to spend our 10 year anniversary at the Best Hotel in San Francisco. From the time we were greeted by Scott the Doorman, to the sad day when we had to leave, the service was impeccable! A Must Do while your there:Stay on The Club Level.Eat at the Dinning Room.Get a massage.Walk down to Union Square and then take the Cable Car to Pier 39.And if you need any other recommendation, speak to the Concierge or go out and talk to Scott the Doorman.We can wait to get back there for our 11th Anniversary  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the Best The Ritz-Carlton was the first hotel we stayed in as part of our honeymoon, and by far the best, infact it is the best hotel either of us have ever stayed in.The service was outstanding, with the hotel insisting on us taking the hotel limo to the restaurant we had booked, the also went out of their way to make our stay as enjoyable as possible.The food in the hotel is very underrated (we ate once in the restaurant), and the Sirloin Burgers we ordered on our night of arrival were delicious.I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bed Bug 66
<Content>Ritz is #1       double sink area in bathroom  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best! The Ritz-Carlton San Francisco is the most beautiful hotel in San Francisco and in the Ritz-Carlton chain. Having stayed at Ritz-Carltons in Philadelphia, Buckhead, Lake Oconnnee, Rancho Mirage, and Laguna Niguel, this none can compare in service and atmosphere. There is always a person there to greet you at the hotel entrance, and everybody refers to you by name. Within the room, the manager provides guests with gifts, and the Bulgari bath products are a nice upgrade. The hotel is embarking on a major room renovation. I hope that they retain the current traditional elegance, as too many Ritz-Carltons are renovating to create ultra-modern interiors.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas Eve dinner at the Ritz.       Micro Palate Cleanser  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be renamed to Marriott The transformation from Ritz Carlton to Marriott is now complete. The only feature of the hotel that is not the average Marriott are the very high prices.Parking is over $60 dollars a day, yet it will take an average of 20 minutes to get your car. You cannot call for the car in advance because the young lady that runs the valet office is too busy talking to the parkers to answer the phone. Or maybe she was talking to the bellman, as the bell stand does not answer their phone to take your bag for checkout either. The Concierge level has been opened to all of the hotel, appearently, since the room is always filled with guests entering from all floors.The manager of the Concierge rooms was the only bright spot in our 5 day stay. He was professional and tried to make our stay enjoyable.All of the visible staff was foreign and probably paid much less than their former American counterparts. I have visited the Ritz Carlton SF since it opened, and was always my favorite 'luxury' hotel. It has fallen very far in my estimation...Look elsewhere in SF, for either lower prices or better service to justify the high prices.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>swanney
<Content>Loved The Ritz Carlton We stayed at the Ritz Carlton for three nights in October. We stayed on the Club Level and it was wonderful. We loved everything about it. The food presentations were nice and all of the drink options were wonderful. We used the concierge service quite a bit and everyone was very helpful. We would stay here again in a minute and recommend this hotel to anyone we know.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beefeater34
<Content>Nice property, poor service. Overpriced. $800+ per night (albeit for a club suite) normally means you can expect good service, sadly this was not the case.Disorganised, over officious door staff greeted us as we arrived for a 3 night stay. Not very friendly, more suited to their traffic control function than customer service. Lots of them, but dysfunctional.Pleasant check-in lady at the reception desk, but no-one to show us to our room.Room was good, with all the usual facilities of a $800+ suite, but nothing sensational. No large flat screen TVs, furnishings not opulent but ok.Club concierge was useless throughout our stay. When asked for tickets for either a ballet, opera or classical performance, simply turned to the internet. as you or I could have done. Failed to find any tickets, but their ticket agent had more joy, but by the time they got back to them to confirm, they had gone. (There was no need to check back with me, I had left clear instructions to buy tickets).Calling the concierge was impossible, voicemail.. ringing out.. answered and cut off.. answered and put on hold..Trying to organise a car to take me back to the airport was challenging enough for them - had to repeat my instructions 3 times before they understoon - then they still got it wrong... see later.Staff knocking on the hotel door despite the do not disturb sign - very irritating.No turndown service despite a specific call (at 8pm) requesting one. Called to ask for mineral water (as is normally left on a turndown) - an hour later (midnight!) the housekeeper turned up to do the turndown!On check out, bell man tried to give me tags for my stored luggage. I explained that the car organised by the hotel would collect the bags ahead of collecting me from a restaurant for the onward journey to the hotel. He said I'd have to give the tags to the concierge and tutted and sighed when I asked him to pass them to the concierge for me.When the car came to pick me up, it only had 4 bags on board not the 5 they had collected from my room. Had to go back to the hotel, where the staff were very apologetic and accepted responsibility for the mistake.. but nevertheless, I was now running late.So, maybe I sound picky.. but in my books its the service and the attention to detail that distinguish an expensive hotel from a great hotel.The Ritz-Carlton is expensive, but the service is a big let down. Again, lots of staff around the place, but all seem disorganised and many unwilling.Until they get their staff more organised, stay at the Mandarin.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>puck44
<Content>great hotel great experience we had to be in san francisco for the night, so we decided to try the bed and breakfast package at the ritz carlton. i have stayed at the ritz property on central park in new york on a few occasions and have always enjoyed the experience so i was looking forward to seeing if the san francisco location was as good. it was. the service was excellent from the moment we pulled up to the valet to the time we drove away.they even thought to put bottles of water in our car when we picked it up from the valet the next morning. a very nice touch!! the staff was attentive without being pushy, when they say good morning you actually feel as though they mean it and its not just what they are required to say. the room was good sized, somewhat smaller than i am accustomed to at the new york location but still spacious and very comfortable. when we returned from our night out we found the bed turned down with bottles of water and chocolates next to it, the lights dimmed and classical music playing was a nice touch as well. the spa products and the robes contribute to the comfort level of the room as well. the next morning we ordered breakfast through room service and it was excellent. it showed up exactly at the time specified and the food was superb. i cannot convey how happy i was with our stay there and i am looking forward to doing it again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Natalie732
<Content>LOVED The Ritz-Carlton - looking forward to staying again! We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton in a Club Suite (Room 915) from August 26th to August 30th to attend a wedding. From the moment we arrived at SFO (1am) to the time we left, we were treated like royalty. (I was actually contacted before my arrival via e-mail to see if I needed anything for our stay!). Concierge arranged for a limo to pick us up at the airport. After a quick check-in, we went to our suite where a dish of chocolate covered strawberries, bottles of fruit juices on ice and a handwritten welcome note from the Chief Concierge were waiting. (The Chief Concierge is also a member of the Les Clefs d'Or!!) Our suite was beautiful (see 9/8/2005 review for details). Since we were there for wedding, we were asked if we needed anything pressed and they were taken downstairs immediately (this was about 2:30am). We were told that the garments would be brought back to the room the next morning at 10:30am. The funniest part about it was that even though I was expecting the clothing, the phone rang at precisely 10:30am and I was told that housekeeping was outside my door. I was asked if it was alright if they rang the doorbell to the suite! Once I said, Sure!, the bell rang. I wondered how they did that when I noticed that the person was wearing an earpiece - like the secret service!! We hosted a small pre-wedding party in our suite and the service was incredible! Nothing was overlooked - the correct number of champagne, water and port glasses, bottles of spring water and sodas/snacks for the kids. Room service did an excellent job in preparing everything!!Concierge also set up a car to take us to and from the wedding (Legion of Honor/Art Museum) so we didn't have to worry about a taxi. It was a good thing as many guests were stranded because taxis would not go to the area after 11pm! Our driver didn't hesitate when I asked if it was alright to offer other guests a ride back with us. And upon our return, the room was spotless as all the dishes and glassware were cleaned up from the pre-wedding party. Any bottled drinks that were left over were neatly placed on the bar with a few clean glasses and napkins.I have to admit that I cringed when I read a continental breakfast was served in the Club Lounge and avoided it the first two days. (I like to have some variety of egg for breakfast while on vacation). But one day we decided to take a peek. I was surprised when I found quiche! And not only did they offer quiche, but they offered two different kinds - mushroom or ham with cheese! (We did enjoy the Jazz Sunday Brunch though - just make sure you make reservations ahead of time!).The Club Lounge was a nice place to sip a glass of wine in the afternoon or grab some milk and cookies at 1am. The afternoon presentation was phenomenal - sushi, oysters on the half shell, cheeses, caviar and a multitude of other hors d'oeuvres. When I had mentioned to the Club Concierge that I was going to host a pre-wedding party in my suite, they offered to reserve an area of the Club Lounge for me! I politely declined as I didn't want to impose on the other guests. But I was floored by such an offer. The other thing that surprised me was that I was always addressed by name. I had heard that about the Ritz-Carlton but never believed it. This was the first time I had ever stayed at a Ritz-Carlton - and it will not be the last!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leafy1
<Content>Perfect for the family We just got back from a 2 night stay at the Ritz Carlton in San Francisco. Traveling with 2 small children under the age of 3 can be a challenge, and we had never stayed at a Ritz Carlton with our kids (we usually opt for the Four Seasons). But using the American Express Platinum program we got a reasonable rate for a suite and the upgrades through the program (early check in, late check out, room upgrade if available, breakfast credit, resort amenity) were really nice.The suite was fantastic. It was 1100 square feet with a very large living room with a 1/2 bathroom. There were french doors that separated the living area from the bedroom area. The bedroom area was a good size and also had a full bathroom. The only strange thing about the bathroom for me was that the shower and toliet were separated from the rest of the bathroom. I thought that was a bit odd (I'm used the the toliet being separate from the bathroom, but not used to having the shower and toliet together). In addition, between the bathroom and bedroom there was a sizeable dressing area... with a vanity, dresser drawers and closets. The dressing area was so large that we were able to put a rollaway bed in it with plenty of room to spare (the baby and toddler had to be separated one night ... they were waking each other up). Note: the living room was plenty large enough to accomodate a rollaway bed and a full size crib.The service was impeccable, very attentive. We ate at the Terrace restaurant for breakfast and I was impressed with the food, but most impressed with the kids menu. It had more than the usual chicken fingers/pizza offerings. And for breakfast, my daughter order the scrambled eggs with sausage off the kids menu and I ordered the same off the regular menu. When they brought the food to our table, her plate was identical to mine... just $9 cheaper! All facilities were top notch and my daugther was most impressed with the indoor pool. She couldn't stop talking about it.My only gripe about the place, they have a $55 (+ $7 tax) a day parking charge. That seemed ridiculous, even for a city like San Francisco. If you are looking for a good place to stay with the family, I would recommend the Ritz. They made every effort to make us feel at home, and the kids didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of Ritz Carlton We just returned a few days ago from spending a week at the beautiful Ritz in San Francisco. We have stayed at many Ritz Carlton's, but this one was the absolute best.The location was excellent- it is a couple of blocks from the noise of Union Square yet close enough to walk there in just over 5 minutes...also it is one block from Chinatown and one block over from a cable car stop. Our room faced Stockton Street and we were never bothered by traffic or city noise. The decor is exquisite. The color schemes are all warm and inviting, and as luxurious as the furnishings and decor are you will never feel as if the hotel is stuffy or cold. The staff is absolutely top-notch! We spent the extra for a club level room, and were pleasantly surprised by their daily offerings. It is well worth the extra expense- we had our (expansive) continental breakfast every morning. Most hotels would call this breakfast layout a buffet as so many items were offered. The lunches, teas, cocktail hours were all delightful. The staff was fastidious about keeping the serving trays filled and as busy as the club room would get was always picking up after you, offering you beverage service, etc. The club staff was phenomenal! The club concierges were by far the most knowledgeable and accommodating of any we have dealt with, and we travel extensively. I normally wouldn't take the time to write a hotel review, but feel it's the least we could do as a kudos to the staff at the Ritz Carlton San Francisco for one of the best vacations we have ever had!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lasvegasfiend1
<Content>Brilliant Hotel Well this place is a great hotel. The rooms were spacious and being on the club level was a great plus. The staff are very friendly always with a smile on their faces. The food was very nice although we only ate there twice. The culinary skills are fantastic. The swimming pool and gym were great to although one thing i would add is that if you are a keen swimmer this isnt the right pool for you. The whole atmosphere is great and this hotel is great. There's not much more i can say impart from hope you like the hotel and that you have a great time in San Francisco  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Soflares1
<Content>Consistant...as expected As you would expect, great service and nice accomodations. We stayed in a cheap room about $300/nt. The food was excellent (try the shredded Corned Beef hash for breakfast The service was better than the Fairmont but the rooms were smaller. A great location and would stay there again.Note : Parking is now $55/nt. plus 14% tax = $62.70. Although, it feels good to my car up at a nice place as well......  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Ritz Carlton By Far My family and i stayed at the ritz carlton during august of 2004. It was our second visit to the ritz carlton and deffinately won't be our last!! The first time we stayed there we thought it was lovely and the staff were exceptional. All of the staff were very content and enjoyed our presence. We stayed on floor 8 in a suite.I would highly reccomend this floor to anyone who wishes to indulge in luxury food and for people who feel the need to rest after a days sightseeing. We could not have wished for a better hotel to stay in san francisco. From the moment we arrived and checked in, until the moment we checked out and left, the staff carried out our every need.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beautiful hotel! We recently stayed at the San Francisco Ritz-Carlton for two nights to celebrate our anniversary. We booked the Bed and Breakfast package online, and in light of parking being $50 per night, that alone made this package well worth the cost. From the moment we pulled up in our car to when we drove away, we felt pampered and attended to. They are very customer service oriented! There were no bellhops to bring our luggage up right away so the gentleman at the front desk who checked us in brought it up so that we wouldn't have to wait. The concierge spent a lot of time with us looking for a live theatre event that we had seen in a local publication that they ultimately could not get tickets for for us but nonetheless the extra effort was appreciated. The spa and pool were lovely. You need nothing but your swimsuit when you go down for a dip because everything you could possibly need is anticipated in the locker rooms. Our breakfasts were delicious, and normally served at The Terrace for this package but the second morning we ate in the Dining Room due to the other restaurant catering an event. Both restaurants were gorgeous and we were well cared for by the servers. Our room was a standard deluxe room (they use the word deluxe only) but very nice and the bed to was to die for. I requested an upper floor which we got. The top two floors are Club level and we just below those. We had only one small housekeeping detail that needed attention and unfortunately was not taken care before we left, but hopefully was done after our departure. We'd definitely return to this hotel if we had another special occasion to celebrate and a wad to blow, but it would be well worth the splurge.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mauna_kea_lady
<Content>room decor is worn and dated we stayed for 3 nights in a suite on the club floor and had high expectations. the suite was faded around the edges - and not in a nice way. the furniture was dated and not very attractive, ready to go to hotel furniture heaven. the faux british ritz decor was a bit tiresome and predictable; fake antiques, the unavoidable faux paintings of fox hunts and horses, etc. etc. the living room was a sterile space with unremarkable furniture and decor. it was impossible to book spa treatments the entire 3 days we were there, I guess you have to book spa treatments far in advance. the service was good, the club food offerings were good. room service was good. I guess this is the best hotel the city has to offer, but it wasn't that special in any way. we went to the 4 seasons SF and Campton Place Hotel in SF to see if they had anything better to offer in the way of a suite, and we liked those hotels even less!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sfchris
<Content>Rooms are mediocre; service and food Ritz quality I don't need to say anything about the service and food quality. It is totally up to Ritz 5 star quality. I have to say I was a bit disappointed with the rooms. They are smallish and showing their age a bit and the bathrooms are small. The rooms are nothing special at all -- the Hyatt rooms are better.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wmccfp
<Content>Unsurpassed service We stayed at the Ritz for two nights...our room was typical of what you expect at the Ritz...spacious, tastefully decorated... we expect great service and were not disappointed...Jamie at the concierge desk went out of his way to provide insight and information about SF, Chinatown, etc...our last night we wanted to eat at an Italian restautrant with great food and ambiance that tourists would never find...he sent us to Allegro Romano with an introduction to the owner whom he said would make us feel like family...we had a fabulous meal at a place we never would have found that felt like we'd been going to for years...it's why why love the Ritz  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ALWAYS_VACATION
<Content>My favorite hotel Just came back from a trip to San Fran, Carmel, Pebble Beach and Napa. We stayed 1 night (3 couples) at the Ritz when we first arrived in San Francisco. We booked Club Level rooms at $445 per night. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left it was heaven. Upon arrival we received a refreshing glass of champagne that we drank during check-in. We were quickly taken up to our rooms which were ready for a 12:30pm check-in. The luggage followed us up about 2 minutes later. The extra concierge services were explained to us and refreshments were offered. The room was spacious - not exactly brand new but clean and comfortable. The mattress on the bed was one of the best I've slept on (I have a $5,000 mattress at home and it is hard to compare hotel mattresses to it but this came close). The concierge service was excellent (one of the ladies was Asian and very hard to understand but she did everything asked of her.) Everyone new our names about 5 minutes after check-in. It should be noted that the 6 of us are all under 35 with the youngest being 21. We are usually ignored at such fancy places because they think daddy is paying the bill - not true here (and by the way daddy is not paying the bill). Anyway, they have this system that the front desk calls the concierge (whose desk is in front of the elevator bank) when we are on the way up from the lobby and vice versa to let them know that a guest is coming. The car was always waiting for us at the valet and we were always greeted by name. When we would get back to the hotel they would welcome us back and ask us how we enjoyed everything. Amazing - we were there less than 24 hours. The food on the concierge level was well worth the $100 difference between the regular room rate. We ate a very good breakfast there. Drank wine and champagne. Had about 20 bottles of water. Had great desserts in the evening. Tea, water, coffee and cookies all day - everything else rotated.Nightly turn down service included water and chocolates and fresh towels if needed.Upon departure we were given water and Vitamin water for the car ride. They knew we were driving to Pebble Beach so they wanted us comfortable. Oh yeah - for all you joggers - when you go out running in the morning and come back all sweaty and gross, they have towels and Vitamin water for you. How nice is that. I bet if you asked they would run for you to!We stayed at the Four Seasons for 2 days in between Monterey and Napa. We stayed in an Executive Suite at $1000 a night. We all felt that the service was very cold. Nobody knew who we were. No extra ammenities in the Executive Suite. If you are thinking of choosing between the two - go for the Ritz.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice hotel for the 60+!!! I was excited about staying at the Ritz-Carlton after reading these reviews. However, when I got there, I was immediately disappointed. Although the service is what you would normally expect of a Ritz-Carlton, I felt like I had just entered a NURSING HOME. I am a 33 y.o. female who enjoys the nicer things in life....and always choose to stay at top hotels like The Ritz, Mandarin-Oriental, Four Seasons, etc. I was not impressed at all with the quality of this Ritz-Carlton. LOCATION: I can't believe the hills surrounding the hotel...considering most of the people who stay there are 60+. However, it is very centralized to the convention center, shopping, Chinatown, etc.ROOMS: The rugs and bed spread were a dingy pink. It was reminiscent of an old set my great grandmother owned. The furniture looked like replicas of antique Victorian (I think) pieces, which looked like substandard reproductions. It reminded me of the furniture in a cheap motel. The room was equipped with the bare minimum - 25 RCA t.v. (which they desperately need to upgrade), 3 bath towels, 1 pair of slippers. In a hotel that wants you to believe they are in the business of providing service in abundance, they sure were stingy. The bathroom was typical of a Ritz-Carlton....very nice.LOBBY: The flower arrangements all around the hotel were gorgeous. It was one of the few pleasures I enjoyed. However, the bar off the lobby was filled with the 60+. Nothing against the aging population, but I've never seen anything like it. I felt awkward walking around the hotel with a low cut blouse...waiting for my grandmother to come out and reprimand me. Overall, it's a nice hotel for the older population but NOT worth the price at $355/night.....it's worth no more than $199/night (yes, even in San Francisco) This Ritz-Carlton looks like the real thing from the outside, but inside it's deceiving.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OZ_Andrew
<Content>Watch out for the Club Level sandwich We had an excellent stay at the Ritz....Club level room wonderful.Only had one slight problem....broken toothpick in my sandwich.Staff were very apologetic which is always good to see.Woul definitely stay there again though.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel Beautiful hotel with wonderful amenities. Great location, but you must be able to walk uphill from Union Square. Comfortable bed, quiet room, beautiful dining room with good food, was there during Thanksgiving when the adorable Teddy Bear Tea for children started - very special. Great service and top-notch staff. I will return!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent urban Ritz Recently stayed at the Ritz Carlton San Francisco for 5 nights with my wife and daughter over Christmas. Location is excellent (particularly for access to Union Square and Chinatown). Be forewarned that the hotel is up on Nob Hill so you will get plenty of exercise walking back to the hotel if you are not taking a cab. You also may get some cable car noise depending on where your room is located. Facilities were excellent for a city hotel (indoor pool, good health club). The lobby area was nicely decorated for the holiday season and had a very warm feeling. They serve dessert after dinner in the beautiful lounge right off the lobby which everyone enjoyed. All the staff was uniformly excellent. My only minor complaints for the entire stay was that the creme brulee was a little runny and that a restaurant recommended by the concierge was not really kid-friendly. We have stayed at a number of Ritz Carltons and this one certainly lived up to our expectations.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>koala
<Content>simply the best went on the mercedes benz package. had a mercedes s500 fot the total of our stay. stayed in club level room. excellent food presentations !!you really are treated as a respected guest. will definitely return  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistently tops I stay at the RC 3-4 times a year, sometimes on business, sometimes with my wife. I've always had pleasant rooms and very good service. The gym/pool has recently been improved, as has the dining room, which is one of the best formal restaurants in the city. Having stayed at the Four Seasons, Mandarin, Campton Place etc., I still like the RC best of all.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistenly excellent!!! I travel a lot, and I have to say that this is one of my all time favorite hotels. The service is exceptional and warm, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the afternoon tea is marvelous...just to name a few. I've arrived at the SF Ritz dressed quite casually, and I still receive the same level of service. I'm delighted to see the same valet gentlemen year over year, who are focused on service and exceeding expectations. Great location. Truly worth the money, and I can't say that I think all Ritz Carlton's are great anymore. Some have become inconsistent, but not true for this one!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>grand, elegant, great locale the ritz san francisco is one of 5 the best hotels in the whole city. we stayed for our anniversary and if you rebook closer to your arrival date you may get the great bed  breakfast deal we got! it included free breakfast (room service incl!) and free parking all for the price we were originally booked at for just the room.always rebook people!!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ceo1213
<Content>Great Hotel  First time to SF! We stayed 11/17-11/22. We felt the staff was wonderful. Very friendly and helpful in any way. We were always greeted and I liked how they remembered our names. We arrived about 11:00 pm  my friends luggage did not arrive and they offered to open up the gift shop. We also enjoyed the club level. Great for a bite to eat and drink. I thought the rooms were nice. Loved the bedding, I think it was the most comfortable bed I slept in! The room is a little larger than your standard hotel room. Went to Harry Denton's for drinks and dancing and had a great time. So many places to eat! We really had a great time in SF and would go back and stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Comparsita
<Content>Beware of the Dog We had booked a room on the Club floor and were disappointed at both its size (small), outlook  dinginess. We hadn unpacked when we became aware of a strange noise from next door. It was a dog barking continuously. (There was actually a sign oof?on the door ?presumably to warn the staff) I was amazed that people are allowed to bring noisy pets to a hotel of this standard. We could hear the animal when walking past the room on several occasions subsequently.We returned to the front desk and asked to change the room because of the disturbance and the second room we were shown was not much bigger but a great deal more pleasant in outlook and much brighter. This was a relief as we were staying 4 nights over the Thanksgiving weekend.In my opinion, the bathroom was not up to standard for a Club level room in a hotel of this type. There were two basins but no separate shower cubicle, just a shower in the bath. There was a separate cubicle in the bathroom for the WC.I had to call Housekeeping to get the bath plug mechanism repaired. However, they could do nothing to improve the shower which my husband described as he most feeble shower I have ever experienced in the USA?br/>The Club lounge was superb and we enjoyed several of what they quaintly term ?food presentations? Jet lagged, one night I went along at 4 a.m. to collect milk  fruit. The Club concierges were also very helpful and managed to get us tickets at short notice for Alcatraz when the website was showing fully booked.The indoor pool is open for very long hours from 05.30 a.m. until 9 p.m. We swam early as we were waking up early from jet lag. However, the pool is quite small and overcrowded at busy times.The room safe was operated by a key which you had to carry around with you instead of an electronic number code which many hotels have these days.We enquired about dinner dancing in San Francisco and the concierge at the lobby desk told us there weren't any dinner dancing venues. In fact, we found out independently that there was live music for dancing at the nearby Top of the Mark restaurant and bar (at Intercontinental Mark Hopkins) and we had a great evening there and an enjoyable dinner. Another night, we took an evening dinner cruise again with live music for dancing with the Hornblower company from Pier 33.We were leaving San Francisco on an evening flight back to the UK so requested a late check out. The hotel were not keen until I said that we would pay for half a day.I believe that hotels are entitled to expect payment for extended use of the room in these circumstances, especially in busy periods. But this was a quiet day, as the hotel had emptied after the Thanksgiving weekend and they still charged us even though we checked out at 16.30 and they had originally said that they might be able to let us have the room until 16.00, presumably for nothing. (We had thought that we'd be leaving around 17.00/17.30) Also, I do think that if they charge, they should service the room, but they did not. (As a full day rate includes 2 room services, so a half day rate should include one service).  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sgsilva
<Content>There are better places to stay in SF I have been visiting San Francisco at least once a month for several years now and have stayed at a variety of hotels. I recently stayed at the Ritz Carlton and was quite dissapointed. While everyone there is very nice and the public areas are very beautiful, the rooms are dissapointing. The room was a very average size, simaler to a Holliday Inn. The decor was not to my taste with hot-pink carpet. Parking is $50, much higher than other hotels, though they also wash the car. If you want REAL luxury and are willing to pay for it, stay at the Mandarin Oriental. Otherwise, the Mark Hopkins, Palace, and Pan Pacific are all better choices.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LadyGolfer99
<Content>Superb! My husband and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton San Francisco in early August 2004 for his birthday. It was great. We have stayed at other Ritz-Carlton's and this location did not disappoint. We booked the Mercedes package and got a club level room, a brand new Mercedes S300 (sweet!), which we drove to Napa and back on 1/2 tank of gas and also to Pebble Beach/Carmel and back on slightly more than 1/2 tank of gas. This package is definitely worth the $ because you get allyou an eat and drink (including alcohol) 5 times per day, the car, gas, unlimited mileage and club level room. The staff was amazing. My husband likes Guiness beer and they managed to get it by the 2nd night of our stay. They also had my favorite wine brought in at my request. Free drinks and service to boot - the club level is more than worth it. Also, there was a problem with the navigation system on the mercedes and since they couldn't fix it, they gave us another car - the S430. This property is top notch in service, food and they even returned the rental car to Hertz at the ariport for us when we arrived from Northern California. Amenities were plentiful, rooms were exceptional (Frette linens and the most sumptuous towels) and service was top-notch. Well worth it!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pointtravel
<Content>not worth the money I stayed here for four nights in August 2004. Overall, excellent location. 10 minute walk to Union Square. 2 minute to Chinatown. The room is average size. But $400 for a regular room per night is excessive. There are plenty of hotels with similar quality and MUCH cheaper. The staff overall are courteous. but, a maid did walk in on me almost naked at 9:30pm. I didn't hear her knock at all. I think a turn down service at 9:30 pm is OUTRAGEOUS. There are plenty of people who go to bed early. therefore, if you go here on company expense, then by all means, go for it. Otherwise, try elsewhere at half of the price and still get a decent room.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful Exceptional service. I just returned from a 5 day stay. The service was exceptional. The staff catered to every need. They have twice daily maid service. I poked my head out of the door and asked for more ice and it came in a minute. Room service came within 15-20 minutes. The staff provided us with farewell cookies and candies. The rooms are approximately 400 square feet and very well maintained. I can not see how a hotel could be better.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected I stayed here in over Christmas a few years ago. Maybe it's better now, but we didn't have a good time. It was Christmas night and we ordered room service. It took a long time. Bread didn't come with butter, and when I called room service, the girl was very rude. The butter never came so I called up the hotel manager to complain, who delivered the butter himself. The service was a bit snobby especially during breakfast. It was all very stiff. When we left for the airport, maybe the manager knew we were not happy, and sent us to the airport in a limo but charged the same as a taxi. I won't go back again, it is just not worth staying in an overpriced hotel when you get this type of service. The manager can't do all the work!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leisureboy
<Content>Unpretentious Refined Elegance We stayed here the beginning of August 2004 and enjoyed the attentive staff service, beautifully refined decor and great location. We opted for the Mercedes package, while pricey at $525 per night, did afford unlimited use of 2004 SL 500 Roadster and accomodations at club level King deluxe room. The car was a great treat for our drive to Napa which is 90 minutes away.  We did not experience country club attitude at club level. There is a refined elegance but the atmosphere was not painfully pretentious; an eclectic clientel from the corporate CEO to vacationing, average families with small children. Staff was smiling and welcoming. The food presentations at club level were overall very good. A wide gormet variety from duck and pineapple cous cous and salmon pate` to chocolate chip cookies and milk at night.  The room was average size with expected lush draperies and elegant furnishings. High level of attention by the conceirge who are dedicated to the guests at club level. Typical urban, city view but don't expect dramatic views of the bay. The lobby has spectacular oil paintings, lush Louis XV furnishings, elegant crystal chandeliers, enourmous floral displays and pianist at a grand piano. Health club was complimentary with Cybex equipment, excellent tread machines and hot tub and pool.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it...a lot. This is one of the best city hotels I've been to. The rooms are nice and large, but only a couple of them have any sort of interesting view. The service, however, was exceptional. From Guest Recognition to the servers on the terrace, nothing was too much trouble. The dining was also great, though SF has a lot of top-notch places to dine. I left feeling refreshingly impressed.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spiderback
<Content>well done..but Service is wonderful, check-in is easy, food terrific......great location. In all, a good place to stay. The executive suite w/an adjoining bedroom was slightly disappointing ( small parlor) with the master bedroom offering neither a window or a painting..or photo or whatever, on the wall. Nevertheless, its not all that expensive and again, the staff is great.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Still Puttin on the Ritz... The Ritz is the grand old dame of luxury in San Francisco. The facilities are very elegant and Sylvan Portay's food is the Dining Room is 6 star.I have stayed 3 times on the Club Floor, once in an executive suite. The suite featured Frederic Fekkai bath products, seperate shower and the usual small tub. The shower had a large back scrubber. The living area was fair sized and well furnished. Regular rooms have Treuil bath products and no separate showers, the bathrooms are still nice. (Note: In SF only the Four Seasons has deep soaking tubs)The beds are luxurious and the rooms well kept.Service is IMPECCABLE at the Ritz. The Club staff know you by name and efficiently solved any issues that came up. This Club lounge is the best I have seen at any Ritz. (I have been to 10 others) This is the best SF hotel and I've stayed at most. A few areas for improvement: the TV has limited channels, faxes arrive slowly and valet parking is $53 with all the add-ons.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VLBerry
<Content>What you come to expect at the Ritz The Ritz was incredible. The location is great and the service was top notch. You feel like you are in a different world, free from all the hustle and bustle of San Francisco. It was great.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended   showReview(1877287, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Star? No Way!   showReview(1761364, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Ritz!   showReview(1663439, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InstantNoodles
<Content>Exceptional Hotel   showReview(1535524, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>howrd23
<Content>Terrible Service   showReview(1525843, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escholte
<Content>A great stay - A refuge from the World   showReview(1509228, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz Carlton was Wonderful   showReview(1482355, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Not the Same as it Used to Be   showReview(1442692, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best in san francisco   showReview(1256900, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz No More!   showReview(1213268, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giselle7
<Content>LeeD MI coMEntAriO HOS INTERESAR!!   showReview(8670948, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19927315, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19919399, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

