<Author>away08
<Content>Good Bargain       70's sink area  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>SunsetSusie
<Content>Great Value in Waikiki We stayed 16 nights in the Diamond Tower-we booked the ocean view hotel room-the room was small and clean with an outstanding ocean view between the hotels in front of us-We have stayed here before in the Pali Tower Kitchenette Room-The Diamond Tower is less noisy and will definately stay here again-This hotel to me is such a bargain for those who want a simple room to sleep in-if you are fussy and want alot of amenities this hotel is not for you. I used to be a travel agent and after comparing many hotels at varying prices I really think the Castle Ocean Resort is a huge bargain. Our room only had a refridgerator so if you want more I would suggest staying in the Pali Tower.It is a3-5 minute walk to Waikiki Beach-on the side by the Zoo-there is an enclosed area that is great for families with children-Hope this helps-I know there are some bad reviews for this hotel but you'll get none from me-Aloha  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Darcy2008
<Content>Good Price - Good Location - Dirty Hotel Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki - i satyed at this hotel for 2 days in November. Check in as quick - no bell person to help with luggage. Hotel lobby was ok- clean but outdated. Elevators take a long time - old looking inside. Hallway ok clean but carpet is dirty looking. As for the room had a great view,. Bathroom was clean but wallwaper had stains on it. The bed itself was comfortable, but i felt the blankets were scummy and dirty. carpet was very dirty and cleaned, it did not look like it had been cleaned in 20 years. would not walk around barefoot on carpet. Headboard was tilted and coming out of its screws on the wall. The only thing good about the hotel is the location is close to beach and shopping. The hotel needs MAJOR cleanup all over inside and out. Its was even below Motel 6 standards.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>LesterB
<Content>Three rooms over the weekend We were in Honolulu for a wedding this weekend. We had 3 rooms booked at the Ocean Resort for $89 so we weren't expecting luxury. Room #1 was sort of like a shanty, twin bedded, it looked like a dorm. Room #2 was small, one queen bed, nice ocean views though not full-on as the Marriott is in the way. Room #3--OMIGOD, our friends arrived late in the day, all the rooms were full, and they got upgraded to a penthouse. It was ENORMOUS, maybe 1100 square feet---2 baths, dining room table for 6, 2 balconies, 2 giant couches and TV in living room, HUGE king size bedded separate bedroom, kitchenette. They good naturedly lorded this $89 extravaganza over us but were magnanimous in inviting us to loll in their palatial digs! It was a real treat.Overall this hotel is kind of shabby though the location is great. Parking is by valet only and can take some time to retrieve car. 2 out of 3 elevators were broken so there were some long lines which caused grumbling.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JamminwitJen
<Content>Depends what you like       Waikiki beach  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	5	4	4	

<Author>hirosfca
<Content>A block away from the Beach       Outside of Hotel  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>skattieSitka
<Content>Quiet at the Ocean Resort Hotel What I really liked about the Ocean Resort Hotel, was that I could not hear my neighbors. The walls must really be thick, it was great. It is very conveniently located to the beach. It has two pools, a restaurant in the lobby, although I did not use the restaurant. We stayed on the 11th floor, had a kitchenette and balcony. The kitchenette has a coffee machine, microwave, small fridge, a little hotplate, and crockery and cutlery. We did not need anything more. A little snafu with my reservation when I arrived, but the front desk personnel took care of it very quickly. A very nice stay for a very reasonable price. The tub and basin was a little scratched and old, the carpets were a little dirty, housekeeping was not perfect, but still worth it. No luxury, but I got what I paid for.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ElFeliz
<Content>Very Nice for the Price I booked this hotel through Orbitz- I was apprehensive because I read a number of negative reviews and the rate was quite a bit less than other near-by properties. My daughter's hotel, Hotel Renew, was a few doors away, and because she was being married, I wanted to be close before the wedding, but not intrusive.The hotel is just what the doctor ordered- steps away from the whole Waikiki experience, clean and secure, this place is a hidden gem.The hotel staff, for the most part, was friendly and accommodating. In fact, upon check-in, I was informed that a regular bed, which I had booked, would be uncomfortable for me, as I am a big guy. I was up-graded to a queen sized bed-room, free. I had a spectacular view of the city of Honolulu from the 10th floor. The hotel provides valet parking only, I simply parked on the street each night, with no problems. The hotel has an activity desk where you can book tours and other activities. The biggest advantage, is the hotel is a block away from Waikiki Beach.The room was clean and tidy with a mini-fridge. An ABC store (think: upscale 7-11) is a few doors away should you want to stock your fridge with beverages and snacks Though a bit worn, though not seedy, the hotel has a great reputation with the local tour operators. The room was comfortable with a small balcony which I was able to appreciate in the evenings, though the balcony chairs were a bit uncomfortable for long stretches of sitting. No in-room internet access, though the hotel has a cyber-type cafe on the first floor lobby. If you are in need of an iron or need to do your laundry, you will have to go down to the 2nd floor laundry area to do these things. The hotel is family friendly so expect to run into kids, though unlike some of the other area hotels, it does become quiet during the night. The hotel is busy early and then quiets down a bit just before noon. Over-all, I found the hotel a very nice experience. My flight to the mainland did not leave until 10pm - the hotel staff was gracious enough to lock away my luggage until I retrieved it for the trip to the airport later that evening.ONE WARNING: Stay away from hotel dining room- the staff was rude, arrogant, obnoxious and down right dishonest. I visited once and that was enough for me. I ordered a side of Garlic Fries, though not listed on the menu, regular Fries were listed on the menu with a side of Garlic bread for 4.50- the waiter returned with fries that were lightly covered with garlic powder- for 7.50- when I pointed out the discrepancy in the price, the waiter, who was also the bartender and the cashier, declared the fries were covered in fresh garlic and that he observed the chef apply the fresh garlic. This was such a blatant lie that I could hardly contain my laughter. They refused to accept American Express and were very nasty and impolite about it. To make matters worse, the food was terribly bland and obviously processed and/or frozen. With so many other dining choices nearby, avoid this place with purpose and intention, but enjoy the hotel- as it is a great place for the price- all the tour buses stop there and I will be returning. Definitely worth a stay and a try!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	2	

<Author>akforever
<Content>If you like moldy ceiling and sleeping in seperate beds My husband and I as well as my family, stayed here on New Year's Eve this year. We were passing through, one night over, on our way to Kauai. I called a couple weeks in advance and requested non-smoking rooms (which I was informed they all are non-smoking) and at least two double beds per room, as they didnt' have any queens or kings. I was informed this would not be a problem.Upon our arrival, I was informed by the front desk agent that they had a booking issue and they were only able to secure one of three rooms with two doeble beds in it. The other two rooms were two TWIN beds and the size of my closet at home! Literally! My parents insisted we take the double bed room, so my brother bunked in our room on the second bed and mom, dad, sis and her boyfriend had the two rooms with twin beds. I told them I called a couple weeks ago and was assured we'd have double beds in all the rooms. They offered no reimbursement, notta. Just an I'm sorry. The twin rooms had air conditioners in them that made a HORRIBLE noise through the night. The ceiling had water bubbles in it (HUGE BUBBLES) which looked like they could burst any second!!! All the rooms stunk like mildew and were not clean. Everyone slept fully dressed and no one took showers, as they looked like they hadn't been clean for ages. COmplete with hairs in the drain. The elevators to get to the rooms was an experience in themselves. Super clanky and old....we joked about getting on and off as quick as possible, because it seemed like they'd collapse anytime! We paid $165 per room and it was TOTALLY NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!! This is a 1 or MAYBE 2 star hotel. The location was the only bonus to this hotel. It was only a couple blocks from Waikiki beach.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	3	2	

<Author>soccermomaz
<Content>You get what you pay for...       Pool area - around the corner pool #2  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	4	-1	1	

<Author>Keeperut
<Content>Clean up When we arrived we were given 2 rooms with 2 twin beds for 3 people in each room, we had book for 2 rooms with 2 queen beds. They were totaly booked so we ended up with roll aways in each room. The rooms were in need of a total face lift! They were old and smelly and the air conditioner was so loud you could not get a good nights sleep. After 5 days we were moved to kitchenettes(previously arranged) that were bigger and quieter but still very old and run down.It took us 2 days and 4 calls to get more blankets and pillows.The parking was awful never did we get to park at the hotel we were always walking 2 miles from where we could find parking or we were parking at a different hotel.I know the elevators and the stairs could not have been cleaned for years due to the smell.This hotel is in a great area, close to the beach and lots of great shopping and restaurants it just needs to be cleaned up and become more customer friendly.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>DonaldInDallas
<Content>kind of crappy but close to Waikiki Beach A little old and junky. The window unit in our room was very noisy in an unpredictable way and interfered with my sleep. This place also loves to nickel and dime you. It cost $4/day to use the room safe. And I know it's typically for a crowded area like Waikiki, but you will have to pay for your own parking every day. We ended up paying $8/day across the street. I think valet parking was $10/day (plus tip). They were also doing construction in the foyer, which was annoying. Also, don't forget that other highrises partially block the ocean view from the oceanview rooms since the hotel is a block from the beach.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>Leota1313
<Content>Above-average budget accomodations We stayed at the Ocean Resort in October of 2006. We found it to be more than adequate. The rooms were clean and a decent size. The location was very good. The beach at the end of the street is a sort of swimming lagoon. It's not a very good beach, but you can walk 3 minutes to where it's better. And really, Waikiki is probably the worst beach on Oahu. If you hang out only at Waikiki, you're really missing out! There are plenty of restaurants and shops in walking distance of the hotel. There's a small restaurant and bar in the lobby, but they aren't really worth it unless you're desperate; you can easily walk to something better in 5 minutes. Of note, we were in Oahu when the 6.7 earthquake in Hawaii occurred. The power went out on the entire island for almost a whole day. The staff at the hotel were very accommodating. They had a radio and provided the guests with updates on the situation. Our room was still cleaned that day, even though the power was out.The only issue we had was upon check-in: we arrived about an hour before we could check in. They didn't even check if any rooms were ready; they just told us to come back at 2pm. So we went out for a while, came back at 2pm. They first thing the employee at the desk did was to check the clock to be sure it was after 2pm. This seemed a little rude. I mean, at least PRETEND that we can't check in because they are cleaning the rooms or something, not because it's not exactly 2pm. All in all, the Ocean Resort is small and has no frills, but if you're looking for a good deal and a good location, it more than fits the bill.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Kayesey
<Content>Adequate Four of us travelled as a family from New Zealand, in May,2008Having read reviews about this hotel, some negative, we were starting to have doubts about staying there.The rooms were adequate, although in need of a paint and spruce up, elevators were slow at times, front desk and activities people friendly and helpful, as well as the bellboy,We found the location very central, The Bus close by on Kuhio Av. pick up for tours across the road at the Marriot,ABC stores all over the place, easy walking distance to Dukes, and the Cheese Cake factory.We stayed 3 nights, flew to Maui and Kuaui, then stayed another 4 nights before flying home We would stay again, you do not go to Hawaii to spend all your time in a hotel room.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>dsnm
<Content>Love staying at the Ocean Resort       View from hotel balcony  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>midnite688
<Content>Great location / Dirty room My family of 4 stayed here in April of 08. I had read some of the reviews on tripadvisor but thought since we are not particularly picky people it would be fine. Unfortunatly, the place was just to much to handle. While I will agree with others that the location is great, and the rooms are big I don鈥檛 think I would stay here again because the rooms were dirty. I would wager that this was a top notch hotel when it was built sometime I would guess in the 60s, but it hasn鈥檛 been updated at all. I would venture to guess that it hasn鈥檛 be thoroughly cleaned since then either. The carpets are filthy and there was mildew in the bathroom and shower. Now the price is right and I guess you get what you pay for. However, even at a motel 6 the rooms are clean. You won鈥檛 find a place even close to this price near the beach. So I guess you have to ask yourself what is more important location or sanitation. For myself I have learned what is important to my family and we will not be back. The location is an easy walk to the ponds on Waikiki. We were on the 3rd floor non ocean view. We did enjoy ourselves despite the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>SEmigh
<Content>LARGE room, great location! We stayed for one night (Saturday) prior to flying home. We had four adults in our group, and received a room with a lanai viewing Diamond Head, I think on the 12th floor. The room had two double beds and a single bed, and was not crowded. Also had a small kitchenette. Medium sized but adequate TV. The air conditioner worked very well. Didn't notice any street noise. As other reviews mention, this room was very large...much larger than rooms in newer hotels for a comparable price. While it's a little worn around the edges and older, it's clean and plenty of towels are provided in the bathroom. The shower and toilet are in a separate area from the bathroom sink. Must pay for parking, and your car is parked for you. Had a fine breakfast in the restaurant, which is located in the open air lobby. The desk service was very competent and courteous. Located very close to the beach, on the scenic end of Waikiki. Loved it!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>DianeKathleen
<Content>Great deal for the price       Great ocean view from high floors Pali Tower  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>heather29
<Content>Great! This hotel is great. We had a absolutely gorgeous view. We were on the 14th floor, ocean view room. You could not get better than the view. The room was a tad small but plenty for two people. Bathroom was good, carpet and covers were a little outdated though. It also had a window unit airconditioner that made some weird noises during the night, but nothing major. Also you can hear street noise fairly well through the glass doors to the balcony. I thought it was a great experience here though.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sewaterman
<Content>Friendly, comfortable  Understood this was an older hotel, but it had great reviews  price was right for a few nights so we booked a deluxe studio with ocean view - honestly not expecting a lot...When we arrived they were doing some renos  upgraded us to a penthouse - which was fantastic ! Huge room [hotel rooms don't come this size today] beautifully furnished with a king size + bed, dining area, couches  chairs, two bathrooms, a small kitchenette, an extra sink  a balcony with an ocean view. Super clean, masses of fresh towels and really great housekeeping each day [as everywhere, being nice to the housekeeping staff  an occaisonal small tip probably didn't hurt]Everyone was very friendly  helpful  the elevators honestly weren't as slow as previous reports suggested. Yes its a little older, but its comfortable, friendly  rooms are way bigger than today's expensive hotelsABC stores everywhere - one 25 yards away - for orange juice  cereal  milk for breakfast.Great stay, loved the Ocean Resort and would go back there again tomorrow if we had the chance  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clown_Guy
<Content>Great Location - Budget Accomodations We stayed at Ocean Resort for two separate nights during our current trip to Hawaii. This is the second time we stayed at the Ocean Resort. The first time was four years ago as part of the Your Man Tours travel itinerary. This time we stayed the day we flew into and the night we flew out of Oahu. We spent the rest of the time on the North Shore. We did not rent a car while we stayed here. We rented the car only when we left for the North Shore as we knew parking was a problem here. We took the airport shuttle to get here and a taxi when we left. We arrived at the Hotel prior to the stated check in time. The person we dealt with at the front desk was very professional and allowed us to check in early (both times). We had booked the lowest level room both times and definitely got it. The room was very nice in all respects, but the view. There was none! Our view was of an apartment building next door. The first time we stayed, we had an obstructed view of the ocean. I don鈥檛 think I would pay more for the view as we were always on the go. We used the room for sleeping and washing up and it was excellent for that. The room was clean, the bed comfortable and the shower hot. We did eat breakfast one morning at the hotel and it was very good. I would highly recommend the Macadamia Nut Pancakes. The second morning we had to leave early to get to the airport. The person at the front desk helped us out to get a taxi. We needed a mini van style taxi as we he had a lot of luggage (most of our trip was camping). He called a taxi company and got us a cab in the time frame we required. As noted in other reviews, the location is excellent on a quieter street. I would have no problem staying here again if we ever come to Waikiki again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JR26385
<Content>People Need To Be Realistic Stayed at the Ocean Resort many, many times beginning in 2003. I've seen most of the things pointed out in the negative posts: few ants, peeling wallpaper, old carpets, .... but this is not typical. The only time I complained (got 2 small beds) I was able to move the next morning.People need to be realistic. The hotel is priced at the low end of the hotels, right above the real rat traps. If you're on your honeymoon, or your trip of a lifetime, or will spend lots of time in the room then don't pay next to nothing and expect the Ritz.The location is excellent. Its 1.5 blocks from the beach and is on the quieter side of Waikiki. Its about 10 minutes from leaving your hotel room until you're spreading the towel on the beach. Its near the zoo, aquarium, and Kapiolani park and there are plenty of places for short, moderate, and very long walks/runs. I've done the ~7 mile round trip hike from hotel to the top of Diamond Head and back a few times. Its also 50 yards from a The Bus stop, and a short walk to fastfood, Chili's, very good Korean/Chinese take out, good steak house, grocery store, lots of ABC stores, and a 15 minute walk to the center of Waikiki and much more.The rooms are generally clean and a little worn but are cleaned nicely on a daily basis. I've found the front desk to be above average for this class of hotel.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>petcal007
<Content>Excellent location good hotel with spacious room located very close to waikiki beach.only one disapoitment was the bathtube which looked very strange to us  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>turdy05
<Content>why do they call this a resort? dumport maybe I booked this on priceline. this is the biggest dump I have ever stayed in. please take the wordresort out of your name. the room is gross. the rug is dirty the bed is hard. I have booke on prieline for same price and gotten a great deal. never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Markian
<Content>Terrific Value I've stayed here several times  will stay again next week. My rooms have always been clean  quiet  secure. I'd like the beds to be softer, but they're not bad. Mauka (mountainward) views are just as scenic as makai (oceanward). Front desk is professional. Five minute walk to Waikiki Beach  Kapi'olani Park, which contains zoo  aquarium  shell. Many bus lines pass the hotel's corner. Stay here once  you can join Ohana Club  get great return rates, making this hotel a terrific value.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tatsumotok
<Content>Okay for the price Located a short block from Waikiki Beach, the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki is mostly about location and value. There's nothing special about the hotel itself. It's a little run-down, but not too bad -- on a five-star scale, I would say it's definitely in the 2.0 range. Our room was very large with a view of a neighboring hotel (14th floor). It was fairly clean. I would have been very disappointed if we had paid $250/night, but at the $100/night we paid, I think it was a very good value. Imagine staying at a high-rise Motel 6 a block off Waikiki Beach -- definitely worth $100.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Susan540
<Content>Good hotel for the price We were worried because of some bad reviews on TripAdvisor, but found the Ocean Resort to be fine for our purposes. Our room was very nice with an ocean view (looking through some buildings), only a little over a block from the beach. The hotel restaurant was okay and quite reasonably priced for a quick breakfast. Early bird specials at night were okay for a rainy night.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Itchyfee
<Content>Extremely hard bed and no coffee in the mornings My sister and I stayed at this hotel for two plus weeks. The bed was so hard I had terrible trouble falling asleep because I couldn't get comfortable. I have travelled extensively and this was the hardest bed I have ever had the misfortune to sleep on.For a two star hotel, I don't expect much, but I do expect the basic coffee maker to be made available in the room. There is nothing worse than having to shower and dress just to venture outside for a coffee.I made two separate bookings for this hotel, which meant that I had to change rooms after two weeks. The hotel made me check out of the first room and wouldn't let me check into the second room until 3.00 p.m. That would usually be okay, but try carrying a heavy 17 inch laptop around for 3 hours! Running a hotel this way makes the management look like amateurs. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bgordon17
<Content>Happy with Stay       Ocean Sunset from balcony  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kristianp
<Content>Great location, lousy service....       View from room 308  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>DWGPND
<Content>The only thing this hotel has going for it is its location Great location at the end of Waikiki. Less than five minute walk to the beach. The hotel is old and in need of a serious upgrade. The electrical wiring in our tower couldn't even support the use of an iron. Clothes must be ironed on the 2nd floor. This is great if you're on the 2nd floor. The rooms we're outdated and the views non-existent. The lobby was dirty and the staff not the friendliest. Don't bother asking for anything other than what's in your room (extra glasses, towels, sheets, etc). What you see is all you get. Overall, it's a decent place to hang your hat while you're at the beach and not expecting the higher-end amenities of the neighboring resorts. It's a budget hotel with zero frills.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>traveleasyHawaii
<Content>Not recommended Visiting Oahu from neighbor island to see the Lion King. I was upgraded and the room was very large. Room condition was poor. Moldy AC. Small ants in the bathroom, on the headboard and in the small sink. Carpets had many rips and was dirty. Balcony sliding door lock broken. Biggest problem was the moldy smell in the room. Not recommended.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>cirtap1310
<Content>What a dump!!! Said Bette Davis They must read these reviews and truly dont care. When I say this hotel is dated, i mean it is dated, i was expecting Steve Mcgarrett to come out of the old wallpaper and say BOOK-EM DANO!! The Photo of the hotel is NOT the right color, they have since painted it, and it is a creme color. The carpet, beds, sheets, towels, chairs, bedding, tables, furniture, are all from the 60's!!! Torn carpet, dirty seatbacks, moldy air-conditioners. Rust around anything metal on the ground floor. If I can see the run down conditions, why cannot Management??? I know this old, old hotel makes money for it was always packed when i stayed there. Staff is never said thanks, or Aloha, Or even Mahalo, did i spell that right. When i arrived the room they(Front Desk) sent me to was still being cleaned. So i had to go back down on the oldest and slowest elevator in the whole wide world, and was sent to another room, that had better days in the 60's. Internet Connection, just like the old old hotel was slow, or not working at all. I had to book two flights for friends coming out to Waikiki, COULD NOT EVEN get a connection to book them. After i paid for it. So i went to the Starbucks paid another 10.00 to hook up. LAME. When i explained this to the front desk people, they said they were not incharge of the wireless service and I was to call someone else. THANKS. But the wireless service u provide for the Hotel Guest, shouldn't they make sure it is up and running and is available??? One would think. I will not return to this hotel, and I have not been there in over SEVEN days and they STILL have my deposit in limbo. Front desk, those wonderful people never told me they were going to hold it for over 8 to Ten days, or even gave me the option to give them CASH, so that when i leave i get my Cash deposit back. And dont have to wait FOR them whenever it is convinent for them to place back my deposit. I have been to the Venietian in Vegas, they have always asked me for that option.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Captronnz
<Content>I Hope They Read Their Own Reviews Here First let me say the hotel was as expected for the reasonable price paid, and as reviewed elsewhere here however; a few 鈥榮mall鈥?improvements would have made the stay so MUCH better, and if these things were done, I would not hesitate to go back there. The staff were mostly helpful, checking and out was fast  friendly and most hall staff were excellent. The room was dated but clean and tidy, and as we chose the low cost senior package, it was not very large. Location is quite decent with easy bus access.The three main areas that would have made our stay so much better are:Air Conditioner. As you can imaginer, Hawaii is hot and muggy and the A/C plays a big part in the day-to-day enjoyment. We had to work a few days in the room and it was dreadful, the nights were similar for this device. It was not a central unit, but rather the old motel window mounted units, with the associated noise and vibration, not to mention falling apart in places. Hot nights were draughty and noisy when running even on low. We resorted to covering up the front partly with paper to reduce the draught, and waking up to turn off an on so we could sleep right. Answer: Either an expensive upgraded central ducted system with individual controls. In fact I鈥檓 not an advocate of these sorts of A/C systems as they can carry germs etc, so the easy answer is to install low cost heat pump, with the compressor outside, possibly on the Ext wall away from the deck, and the low volume quite evaporator inside. These are common everywhere these day and the new Freon 410a units are super-quiet and super efficient meaning they would pay for themselves over time.Bathroom: While this room was clean, the maintenance was appalling, with loose controls, poor shower heat control and plugged showerhead. Overall other than this it was OK.Internet: Low cost in room Internet was just not available. We did eventually get access through a wireless provider off site. Not all rooms can face the required direction. Cost was $25 per week, and worked well while we were there. This is such an easy thing to fix, and we end up spending days sorting out access.Comments about the dining room are true with Breakfast (Once) being OK, but as there are other places nearby, this was not an issue.CheersFrom Auckland NZ  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Trishbel
<Content>3 generations Melbourne family in Waikiki my family stayed in 3 rooms between 6-16th Nov. While there is nothing 'resortish' about this establishment, we enjoyed our stay here. Staff were helpful if needed and the rooms were clean,quiet, comfortable  not too poky.location was excellent.. . great proximity to a safe beach if you have children.....we went out a lot at night... dining  shopping  always felt quite safe walking back to the hotel.. would stay there again if I have the pleasure of re-visiting Hawaii  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Msagro
<Content>We were rather surprised! I must say that after reading all the reviews, my husband and I were quite surprised. We thought we would be walking into a dump! The staff was pleasant and gave us the opportunity to look at a standard room and an upgraded room before checking in. We elected to stay in the standard room (as we were rarely there) so we could spend the $30 a night to upgrade on other things. Our room was neat and clean, the bed was confortable and our maid was always so cheerful that we tipped her a little something everyday. Our only negative with the room was the extremely noisy air conditioner. But once we put the earplugs in at night (which I had brought because my hubby snores) we were good to go. One evening the weather was stormy and little did we know but the power went out while we were sleeping. This resulted in us not getting our wake-up call the next morning for a tour we had paid to go on. The hotel manager was very apologetic, offered to buy us another tour if the tour company wouldn't reschedule us (which they did) and bought us breakfast (which wasn't that bad - it was our only meal there). It is very close to the beach and the ABC store and thank goodness for the tip on parking at the parking garage across the street (The Banyan). All in all, it was a great, cheap trip. Would do it again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunnyboy1969
<Content>Great Value hotel What a bargin hotel.We stayed there for 7 nights and it was very enjoyable. Easy check in and out, very friendly and helpful staff and located in the quiet end of town only a minute walk to the best eateries and pubs etc. I recommend missing the in house restaurant (no issues, just not a great selection) and travelling further afield for a feed but I can not fault the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kmac65
<Content>Wonderful Bargain We spent nine nights here in September, 2007. After reviewing other hotels for price and location, we chose the Ocean Resort and had a penthouse (The Oahu) in the Pali Tower facing the ocean. With a senior rate this was very affordable -- especially for Waikiki Beach! The room was large; the ocean view was great. The balcony facing the ocean was small but held two chairs and a table and was perfect for sunset watching. The refrigerator was very tiny but held our water and some snacks. No stove/oven but only a hot plate. We were on vacation and weren't going to cook meals so that didn't matter to us. I had read many of the previous negative reviews. I found none of the negatives present on our stay. The bathroom and entire suite were clean with fresh towels every day. The room was ready upon our arrival and was always cleaned early while we were out. We never had more than a minute wait for an elevator coming or going. The front desk staff was helpful and the concierge helped us with one driving trip. The location of the Ocean Resort is about a two-block (very short blocks) walk to the ocean. It's located at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki Beach and not as frantic as further down the beach. The zoo is right around the corner. Several restaurants and snack shops were close. I had heard the parking was expensive and only valet. That's true. But self-parking at the Banyan Hotel across the street was half the price with easy in and out any time. We would definitely stay at the Ocean Resort again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PJVoyageur
<Content>Good quality for the price Stayed 4 nights with family.clean,close to the beach,bus stop for any destinations in the island 1 block.Grocery shop is a rip-off.Bus is convenient but a little long(1,5hour to pearl harbour)especially if you end up satnding most of the time,but you meet people and the other side of the track...Rent a car afterwards at Enterprise 5 blocks west of the hotel;don't bother paying the parking,there are unmetered spaces in the streets behind the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>traveler123Ohio
<Content>ok for the price This is an older hotel that is approx two blocks from the beach. The location is good for the beach, church, zoo and the shops along the main street. The room was clean but had a slight musty odor. The bed was very firm and clean linens were replaced every day. In the bathroom there appeared to be a slight trace of mold on the heavily textured ceiling. The resturant in the lobby is very good (price, quality and service). The concierge was some help but not much on finding other resturants in the area. Valet parking seemed to be very busy at all hours. There were a few times that I went and got the car myself, just to save time. For the price, this is not a bad value.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>dragonman64
<Content>Old and tired but still dependable True, this place has seen better days. The whole lobby reeks of an outdated 80s flair that will never go unnoticed to the eagle-eyed hotel reviewer. The only restaurant-cum-bar lounge can really look miserable (except during breakfast time when large tour groups troop for their first meal of the day) when you're only one of a few dining guests. The two elevators leading to the Pali Tower are slow and - while waiting - you can either play a guessing game of which one of the two units would open first or check out the items displayed on the gift shop window before one of the units would open. Bell service is hit-or-miss, especially if you arrive with a busload of tourists.Nevertheless, I commend Ocean Resort Hotel for having one of the better locations in the quieter part of the Waikiki area. The walking distance to the beach itself is a breeze, while bus and trolley stops are just a kitty corner away. Additionally, the rooms (read: studios) in the Pali Tower are very spacious, with small handy kitchenettes where you can store or reheat food in a jiffy. Cleanliness is average at best, but I would like to point out that the attentiveness of housekeeping to the guests' needs is worth citing. And in the land of ABC stores, one branch is comfortably nearby.All in all, I would not hesitate in recommending this property if you're on a tight budget. Don't expect too much and you'll end up appreciating your stay. Despite the shortcomings on some areas, the bottomline is they still deliver.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>GTA
<Content>Great value! -check in and check out was flawless with no waiting time-we were able to stay at our room until the last minute 2:30pm-the Bus stop is right infront of the hotel-An ABC store is only minutes away southwards-laundry facility is available on site-daily housekeeping - our room was kept tidy and clean daily-we stayed in the lower half of the Diamond Tower, so we did not encounter any elevator problems-walking distance to Kuhio/Waikiki BeachHighly recommended to travellers on a budget.Yes, the decor is dated, but remember that you are in Hawaii.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>DanGatineau
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel in Waikiki for 10 days. It was very well situated, one block from Waikiki beach, the restaurants and shops. You can shop 'til you drop. At the marketplace, you can bargain but not in the stores. The hotel room was clean, had a partial ocean view on the 10th floor and would stay there again. There were Internet stations near the lobby but had access to free Internet (wireless) in the room which was great. We ate breakfast twice at the hotel's restaurant and were satisfied. Most of the time, we ate breakfast in the room, sometimes dinner when we had a late lunch, an ABC store was close so we could buy what we needed, cereal, milk etc. There was a small refrigerator in the room which was very useful. The temperature was ideal, at night you do not have to wear a sweater. During the day, the beach was great, the water was very warm and we loved it. At the ABC store you can buy a parasol for about 16$ which you can use on the beach. You can rent one but it is 20$ for the day so buying one is the best. If you rent a car, there is valet service at the hotel but they charge 15$ a day for parking. One block from the hotel (walking distance a couple of minutes) the opposite direction of the beach, there is parking for 10$ a day so you save 5$ a day. We hope to return there one day.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeffreysf
<Content>Great Price/Great location My Partner and I were on our anniversary and I was a little leary from reading other reviews.Well we have no complaints about this hotel at all. From checkin to checkout everything was smooth sailing.We didnt find the hotel to be dirty at all. The room was a little on the small side but we had a nice sized balcony with chairs and a great view of the ocean. The hotel is close to everything and there are tour desks in the lobby who were very helpful. Sure it's not the Ritz but who cares when you're in paradise  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovegranny
<Content>Would not stay here again The location of this hotel is very good and that's it.The hotel is old and dirty. The carpet in our room was so dirty the stains had stains. The bed was hard as a rock and had stains on the mattress. The balcony is pretty much useless because of the small size of it. The furniture in the room looks as if it came from an old garage sale that has never been taken care of.The elevators have no air flow in them and looks as if they haven't been cleaned for a very long time, they were filthy dirty as well.The hotel is in need of renovation. It looks as if no one cares.The staff appeared stressed out and overworked, and I overheard more than once the staff arguing between theirselfs. Check out time is 12:00 noon, the morning we were leaving we got a knock on the door at 10:00 am (even though the do not disturb sign was on the door) and we were asked if we were ready to leave.I thought that was rude and unneccessary and being pushy.The food in the restuarant in the lobby was alright.........but had to ask for water 3 times, the cream container was empty for coffee and again had to flag someone down to get it, again had to ask more than once. The staff in the resturant were short and snappy and acted as if they would have rather you not have come in at all.I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone until it has gone thru a complete renovation and the staff has gone through customer service training, and have professional attitudes.CMM  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>brwneyedgrl101
<Content>Don't believe until you see I booked through your man toura. I read all of these before I departed and was VERY nervous after reading them. I still went along with my vacation because of the low prices that I recieve from the tour agaency after searching for months for a price that would even compare to theres So we went. I enjoyed my experience there and think the everyone runs into bad experiences, but most of the vacation is the attitude you go into it with. Me and my family wanted to have a good time and enjoy the trip. The hotel was clean and staff was pleasant we had three people in one room which worked out well. I was hesitant but it all worked out and we will def. return to the ocean resort for a second time on our next tour with your man tours  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>thetopcat78
<Content>enough for us.. My partner and i stayed at the Ocean resort in Feb 07. We found it was close to everything; shops beach and dinning aswell as public transport. Our room was cleaned everyday also. We didnt have any views which didnt bother us at all, as the only time we spent in the room was to sleep. I found the staff to have a little bit of atitude. We enjoyed our stay there and considering what we paid ( ridiculously cheap ) i would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oztrayun
<Content>Good location, great people I stayed at this hotel for 2 1/2 weeks in may this year and had no drama's of any kind during my stay. The staff were courteous and helpful, my room was clean, spacious and secure (room 1206), the bed was comfy and the downstairs bar was a nice place to have a few cold beers (hello Janine ;) the beach was only a brief walk down the road as were all the places to eat, nightlife etc.Concierge staff were very helpful, particularly the one who went out of his way to help me get a flight back to Australia after a mishap with my departure dates- I'm still very grateful sir!Will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>blazenbu
<Content>Not even a one-star This is the worst hotel (?) I have ever stayed at, Rude staff and management, filthy rooms, gross pools, outsourced every aspect of the hotel (i.e.: consegierge, restaurant) charged for a 911 call after my ID was stolen. Do not expect anything from this site that even resembles a 'Resort'. They charge $15 for parking, .75 cents for 911, and don't count on anything better if you 'upgrade'. The rooms look nothing as in their pictures. Think 1970's that never cleaned up.As mentioned prior, my ID was stolen after my door had been left open (per two managers, the only way the bolt could have been activated) by housekeeping who entered with the Do Not Disturb sign on the door. The site would not help with an internal report initially, though the night before checkout at around 10:00pm, the worst written letter, apparently their version of a report, this 10 year teacher has seen...and I teach middle-school! Although they changed our rooms after that first night discovery, would they even own up to their mistakes, per two managers and witnessed, no. This letter is going into my scrapbook.Lower floors gaze out to a youth hostel; however the upper floors get to use only two very slow elevators. For a bonus, they also use them for housekeeping so everything slows to the speed of a LA freeway. Good views, though.Look at the photo's others have posted and you will really get the feel. Our first night there our room had a broken wall plate with exposed wires. Wet beach towels thrown on top would have created a real show. Don't building and safety codes say something about this? The hair in the tub and dirty Kleenex on the floor paled in comparison.Oh, check out the swankest of pools. They have the latest plastic furniture and Astroturf. This is also where one of two coke machines are located and the only ice machines. The other coke machine is in the laundry room that is not air-conditioned.Almost forgot, no security at all. Only staff and your good luck.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sail314
<Content>Worst Hotel (?) EVER SEEN!! SAVE YOURSELF!! As a gift from my companion鈥檚 boss, this was to be an escape from Los Angeles. A cardboard box on skid row would have been better. At least there you can escape. Not at this dump. Here are the details:1. MANAGEMENT: The hotel manager Donald is not on the tourist side AT ALL. While he may present himself in a friendly way, I wouldn't trust him if you have problems. The other manager Scott was not tourist friendly at all. In fact, he was downright insulting. When told this was the worst vacation ever, six times, he never responded at all. 2. FRONT DESK: When called to tell about hair in the tub and used Kleenex on the floor, Kim said it was a BUDGET HOTEL! BEWARE!3. CRIME: BEWARE!! CAUTION!! Pretend your in NYC on the street.4. ROOMS: Thin sheets of polyester, smelly sinks, old bathrooms, and kitchenettes that were smaller than all the galleys I've seen in sailboats. Beware of the appliances, very old. Check all outlet covering as we found one broken in half with one half missing. That is excellent when mixed with dampness.5. POOL: Motel 6 has better ones in the middle of desert that have been closed for years. Beware of foreign DNA as it is Astroturf.6. CONCERIEGE: Although appears to be a part of the hotel, it is simply a rented space so you get zero help from dump. One was a gentleman and one who could CARE LESS about your visit. BOOK EVERYTHING YOURSELF! They use a tour company that is not pleasant should an emergency occur and plans must change.They charge for 911 calls and safes. Additionally, AAA doesn't even have them in their book. DO NOT STAY HERE! They only want your hard-earned money.CAMP ON THE BEACH WHERE THE HOMELESS ARE EASIER TO DEAL WITH!!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>al10
<Content>"Nice Ideal Place to Stay." My wife and a few of our closest friends were in town for a wedding. Some stayed in other hotels while my wife and I and another couple stayed in Ocean Resort. Upon researching for deals thru Orbitz, there were definitely other hotels that provided more amnenities and had a bit more modern feel to it... HOWEVER, I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this hotel. Not only were we able to check in earlier (1pm), but the rooms were above average size and very clean. The hotel staff were also friendly and very courteous. Now, all rooms have different views and our friends stayed in RM208 and their view was a laugher. We were on the 7th floor and had partial Ocean View by luck. So, I'm sure if we were in RM208, I wouldn't be writing this nice column. =)Would I stay here again..., perhaps depending on budget. Can't beat the location. We were 2 blocks away from the beach and an ABC store is located about 20 steps away from the lobby. A Catholic church is 2 blocks away. And we found a gem of a restaurant... LULU's... which is about 2 blocks away (across from the Zoo.) All in all, it was a very memorable trip and Ocean Resort was one of the reasons why...!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>Europe02
<Content>Rude Clerk, Good location We checked in at 3 pm and showed our Expedia copy of our reservation for a superior city view room above the 10th floor. The clerk Cece gave us a room on the 5th floor instead and said there was no difference in the rooms. When we said we had specifically wanted a higher room and that's what we paid for, Cece got irritated and said to tell our travel agent that we couldn't book a room on a specific floor. We didn't want to argue and so we asked if we could see the rooms and then Cece got angry and basically said to take it or leave it. We decided to just forget it. Her rude manner made us forget about them so we skipped the breakfast vouchers for our 4 day visit. The rooms were clean, but the small balcony had bird poop on the floor and table. The sink was stained and did not drain properly. The beds were clean, fresh, and comfortable. There were ample dishes but the toaster was just gross. The carpets were very worn but nicely vacuumed. The noise from the traffic was just awful. We were too close to the street and that's one of the reasons we wanted a high rise room. Anyway, if you want a luxury hotel w/all the trimmings, do not stay here. But if you want a good location near the beach, are on a budget and don't mind just the basic amenities, this is a good place for you. Above all, if you want a nice aloha welcome, avoid Cece as your check in clerk and wait for someone else to help you. We wish we did.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>IwantoliveinEurope
<Content>More than you would expect for the price.       View from atop Diamondhead.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>nixxi83
<Content>Little romance in this paradise My husband and I had previously been to Hawaii but stayed in a different hotel. We would have returned to that hotel if it weren't for the fact that we kind of overspent on the wedding! So in order to make up for that difference we decided to stay at a hotel that was more in our budget. Through BookIt.com we reserved a room at the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki and in the special requests box we wrote that we were on our honeymoon and wanted a room with a queen size bed, which was one of two options for that particular room. We got in late on Wednesday, June 27 and were ready to go to bed after a long layover in LA. After checking in we immediately headed to our room. Despite our specific request we were given a room that had two double beds. We were expected to sleep on seperate beds on our honeymoon! We immediately called the front desk and asked to be changed to another room. They claimed that they were all booked and would not be able to change our room until tomorrow after checkout, and that was only if someone cancelled their reservation because supposedly the hotel was booked. They then suggested that we put the two beds together. So there we were, on our honeymoon, having to rearrange furniture just so we could actually sleep near one another! On top of that the beds were obviously different sizes, one was lower than the other. But the night was not over. Apparently each room in the hotel has it's own WINDOW UNIT! And ours was busted. It made horribly loud noises all night long and I had to turn it off at about 2am because I couldn't sleep with that noise on anymore. Plus that side of the hotel is facing the alley and you can hear car alarms, vehicles, and people talking all throughout the night.The next morning my husband called BookIt and told them about the situation. They then called the hotel and asked what was going on. The front desk immediately said that they would move us to another room that day. So we had to pack up our stuff and turn in the key to the room (218) at 12pm and were not allowed to gain access to our new room until 3pm. That wasn't so bad, afterall there's plenty to do in Waikiki, it was just inconvenient. When we finally returned to the hotel and got into our new room (208) it looked exactly the same except for the queen size bed. Since the room wasn't exactly fresh my husband turned up the AC, about 5 minutes later (and I'm not kidding) the AC unit turned off and wouldn't turn back on. We called the Front Desk and about ten minutes later one of the staff came to check out the problem. It turned out that the unit was messing with the breaker so they had to turn it on to get the unit back on. Before the week was over the unit turned off two more times. The second time it happened it was late and we called the front desk at least two times and no one ever came to the room to respond to our problem. We spent that night, I believe it was Friday the 29th, without any air flowing into the room. Saturday after we were out enjoying the town we made sure to have someone check on the AC. Well, it seems like the person they sent didn't know what they were doing. He said he would check on the breaker and would come back. Well, it seemed that he didn't do anything because the unit never turned on and he never came back!Finally Sunday we actually got someone who knew what to do. For about 30 minutes or so our room look like it was under construction. They had to remove our AC unit and then replaced it with what they claimed to be a new AC unit. And since the door was wide open so the maintenance guy could go in and out of the room with ease the cleaning ladies figured we woudn't care if they decided to work on our room at the same time! I was attempting to take a shower through the whole construction and the one of the cleaning ladies attempted to go into the bathroom while I was in the shower! I had to yell through the door that someone was in the shower and she finally backed off. When I got out of the shower the women were hurrying around me trying to clean up the bathroom and as I was attempting to brush my teeth they were throwing extra soap and shampoo on the counter, they seemed annoyed that I was in the way! I was so mad. All in all we spend 2 1/2 out of 6 nights without any AC running and when we had asked for someone to help us out we were ignored. And if we hadn't called BookIt about our room situation we probably would have been stuck in a room with two double beds our whole honeymoon!I don't believe saving $20 a day was worth dealing with the hassle of staying at Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki. My suggestion is to stay at a better hotel even if you'll save a few bucks, the hotel was anything but romantic and had no ambience. The bathrooms were tiny, the food in their restaurant was menial and overpriced. I wouldn't want anyone to have the same experience that we had.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>luvMaui0601
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! We booked this hotel since we were on a budget and this place seemed very reasonable. What a surprise 鈥?it was MUCH better than we had ever expected! We booked an ocean view deluxe and had a wonderful room. The view of Waikiki and the ocean was a wonderful sight to wake-up to and we watched the sun set many nights. We booked a 5th night free deal and it was worth every penny.The room was VERY clean and the staff was very friendly. We saw the housekeeper twice and she was very polite. Also, when we needed more towels after we returned from the beach, housekeeping promptly responded to our phone call. This was by far the best service that we received during our trip.There are a few downsides to this hotel, however: First, the hotel is not in the 鈥渃enter鈥?of Waikiki. It is farther off to the side and that can make walking a little more difficult. Trust me 鈥?you DON鈥橳 want to drive in Waikiki if you can help it! But that didn鈥檛 stop us from having a great time! There are lots of restaurants and shops a few blocks away. Try Lulu鈥檚 Waikiki 鈥?the food is really great there! Additionally, the Ocean restaurant inside the hotel isn鈥檛 great. The food is just bland and the staff is barely average 鈥?they look bothered if you ask them to bring the check. The prices are reasonable, but there are better restaurant options within walking distance.Otherwise, this hotel is a gem in Waikiki! The beach is really close, as is the Honolulu Zoo. Also, the view from the room is wonderful 鈥?try to book ocean view and request a higher floor! Why spend $200-300 a night, when you can experience Waikiki鈥檚 splendor at this impressive hotel?Aloha!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>revrick3
<Content>Fair but not great. Spent 5 days here and the stay was only okay. We got what i felt was a good deal on a room. the room was sold as deluxe unit with kitchen in new tower. It was in new tower but the kitchen was mini frid, small microwave and sink. Not a kitchen, we were supposed to have an ocean vew but no water to be seen only 2 other condo building, terribe view. The bed was the worst part, I have stayed in many resorts and rooms and never slept on a bed so hard. it was literally like sleeping on flloor with a sheet on it. Not the cleanest and maid service never in the entire week touched the KITCHEN. We had to was out our own cups and glasses. Terribe maid service. Location was good and close to shopping and foods. Driving in this town is a nightmare. Be aware of this . Would probably not use this resort again. A budget place for a place to sleep only and that has some uncomfort.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>panda88
<Content>Ocean Resort Hotel Wakiki isn't great The location is good, right in Waikiki, close by the Honolulu Zoo, the price is one of the lowest online, but you really don't know what it really like till you stay here. They were in the process of changing the card key access, so we had to get new cards. There's two small swimming pools with astro turf, the room view was of the next building, the food in the hotel restaurant as the hotel itself was uninspiring. Threre's nothing really bad, just all second rate, and simply a disappointing experience to stay here. I wouldn't want to stay here here again nor can I recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RLOVIE
<Content>Homeless Paradise I was happy with my accomodations for the most part. The room was outdated but clean and from my mini balcony I could see the beach. Everything was within walking distance, the restaurant in the lobby was decent but the staff lacked personality; no matter what time of the day they looked like they had been kidnapped and forced to work there. The major dissatisfaction that our family had with the establishment is that it was frequented by the homeless, of course they stay for free. The lobby is rather large and open to the public or homeless and they sleep on the sofas that we as paying quest should be enjoying. They also would have access to the elevator and guest rooms. I Finally I asked the front desk staff to remove the person sleeping on the sofa from 7am until 1 pm. I believe this was a major safety issue and should have been addressed by the many employees walking to and from but I guess it's just normal.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinogirl
<Content>Huge room, great staff, quiet, excellent value for money We stayed at the Ocean Resort because it was cheap, and because it was across the road from a conference we were attending at the Marriott. In fact we were closer to the conference rooms than people who actually stayed at the Marriott - their rooms were a long way from the conference rooms and they had smaller rooms, their staff weren't as helpful and they paid a lot more for the privilege.We arrived at about 11am and our room was ready (despite the 3pm check-in) and the check-in staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a deluxe kitchenette room and it was HUGE. We had 2 double beds, table and chairs, lots of drawers, and a kitchenette. We were in the Pali Tower on the 14th floor and there was a lanai that you could sit out on (it had a table and 2 chairs) and you could see the ocean on one side (through the buildings), and the mountains on the other. By Australian standards I'd say it was easily a 3 star.The room was very clean and was serviced daily. We saw the housekeeper one morning in the hallway and she greeted us and thanked us for the $2 tip we'd left her; she was lovely.Yes the hotel is old and there is peeling paint and worn carpet but it's not a 5 star hotel and we knew that. I would definitely recommend it if you want to be down that end of town, it's very good value for money. We moved to the Princess Kaualani after the conference, just so we could be in the heart of Waikiki and we preferred the Ocean Resort, except that the PK was a closer location to everything. Having said that, the Ocean Resort isn't far from anything either and it's close to the beach also.We ate in the restaurant at the Ocean Resort and it was okay, nothing special, but cheap enough. Their prime rib was much tastier than the Atlantis Steak  Seafood restaurant's was.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>demo52
<Content>good location great price Tripadvisor member: MAY 11,2007 , We stay at the Ocean Resort hotel Waikiki room # 1403 a very nice room it has twin bed some worn carpet but very nice room with a great view of waikiiki beach two pool on 3rd floor w/ sundeck a nice hotel walking distance on everything shopping ,resturant, abc store on corner pink line trolley come by hotel great place for those on a budgetask about senior rate $ 75 for ocean view 65/ y/oAloha !!!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	3	4	4	

<Author>uniquemo
<Content>Great Value and Safe Location! We visited Honolulu in July 2006 and stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel. We got a superior suite which is not much extra and our room had a little kitchenette. This really helped us stretch our dollars because we were able to go grocery shopping at an ABC Store that is literally one block away. Our rooms were cleaned daily and the maid even did our dishes! This hotel is super close to the beach and I would highly recommend it to travelers on a budget!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>earthtoashley
<Content>Simple, clean, and good value for what we needed Great price. We paid $90/night for room and a car rental. Room was your average hotel room, needed new furnishings. Could tell the shower was old, along with rust on the sinks. Nice view. Had a mini fridge, and was cleaned every day. Hotel was nice because it was all open to the outside and you could feel the breeze as you walk out of the lobby. Parking was rediculous though. There was only one valet attendant most of the 4 days we were there. We waited forever to get our car parked, and it took forever to pick it up because there were several other people waiting on one valet guy as well. No self park. Valet is $15/day + tip.Just a few blocks from the beach. A few places to eat around there within walking distance. Overall I would recommend it if you just need a room to sleep in, and don't have high expectations. Friendly staff for the most part.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>L0veVacati0ns
<Content>Great Value! The Ocean Resort was perfect for our needs. Location is close to the beach, restaurants, the bus stop, and a park. The room was very clean and spacious. Maid service did a great job every day. We were on the 8th floor and had a nice distant view of the ocean. It was surprising how quiet our room was. Every time we asked for something, they were quick to accomodate us. We loved our stay here!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ORPlatypus
<Content>super service We had read the reviews and decided that this hotel sounded just fine for a family group of four that would spend little time in a room. What we got was phenominal service, friendly people and a great room. Moments after our arrival we realized that we had left the small bag with the passports and all the money (cash) on the airport bus. The hotel desk instantly tracked down the bus company through their dispatcher and had the bus driver check and bring our bag to the hotel. The bus captian, bar staff and housekeepers answered all our stupid questions with smiles and gave us excellent answers that saved us money and time. Remembering that this is a humid and warm climate, so a little mold in a back corner did not bother us. The rooms had great air conditioning and lots of warm water in the showers. The Pali tower is the best view and actually a pool in the shade (only one at a time) worked out well for the one in our group who got burnt. In all, a great experience at a very economical price. We would recommend it to any of our friends.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Arrege
<Content>Decent Budget hotel and close to the beach My wife and I stayed at this hotel from March 15-22 2007. We are both in our 30s and this was our 4th time to Honolulu. We read several reviews of this hotel before booking it...which we did using a site called 'Pleasant Holidays'. The hotel price was the main attraction..since it was about $500 less than several nearby competitors.The Hotel is located 1 block from the beach and is closer to the Diamond Head side of Wiakiki. We got there around noon and the room was not ready till 3 pm, so we left our bags with security.Our first room had a queen bed and was on the 'Kuhio Street' side. It was clean, small and comfortable. The main problem was the noise. We could not sleep that first night since there was so much street noise. After complaining to the staff the next day, they moved us to the 'Ocean View' side...away from the street. This was better and we could get a good night rest.The rooms are not insulated from the outside weather/noise, so you can still hear loud noises from the street. If it is chilly outside, then you can feel the draft thru the sliding door.Our floor was quiet and fortunately, we had no noisy neighbors. The hotel is popular with people of all ages and it was very busy during our stay...so a lot of people do go to this hotel.Pros:Good PriceClose to the beachOcean View rooms DO have a view of the ocean :)there is an ABC store next doorFree Beach Towels (as many as you want)Management/Staff was helpful and responsiveCons:Rooms not insulated from outside noiseKuhio St. side rooms should be avoidedClose to Diamond Head side, so we had to walk 5 blocks to a sandier beach or to the food pantry on KuhioOverall, this is a decent budget hotel in a good location. If you want a classier/modern hotel then you should be prepared to pay more.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>prettyangel687
<Content>Decent and OK I booked through pleasant holidays. It was a special and for two ppl it cost us $711, including taxes! Great deal, and we traveled 3/17-3/20. For a 2 star hotel i wasn't expecting too much. Especially after reading the mixed reviews on this website. We were hoping for a upgrade but we didnt recieve one. They were going to charge me $45 extra a night for a upgrade to a room with a kitchenette. Happy i didnt upgrade since our friends did. The kitchenette was a microwave and a hotplate. Yes the room was bigger, but the bathroom was actually dirtier then ours. Stains in the sink, ect, which our room did not have. They also only paid and extra $25 a night for their room, so if you are looking to upgrade, negotiate.  Our room was on the 7th floor with a tiny view of the ocean in between two buildings. The balcony was VERY small and narrow, enough to fit 2 chairs and thats about it. Room was clean, and decent. Bed was not that soft, but sleepable. They gave us 2 big towels to shower with and thats it. Dont know if you can get extra since we didnt need any extra. Bathroom was small, had a hair dryer and came with a shower and no tub. They did give soap and lotions, but no hair cap if that matters to you. No room service. The pool was on the 3rd floor and it consisted of two seperate SMALL pools. Like i said for a 2 star it was what i was expecting overall. All i really cared about was that it was clean and that is what i got. Location is actually very good. One semi-long block from the beach. I dont know what ppl are complaining about it being too far because it is NOT. The block is the size of maybe 1 1/2 - 2 blocks at most. Its near the strip so of course plenty of places to eat at. When i did talk to the staff they were nice, but i never really asked them for anything. They did have valet and they charged $15 a day which you dont pay directly to the hotel. You actually pay the valet which i think is ran by a company called ameripark?? Something along that line. They only had one person working at all times, and when they get your car it does take about 5-10 minutes. Longer if they just left to get someone else's car before you. The reason being i think is that when they get your car they have to drive around the block since the hotel is on a one way street. I heard there is a parking lot down the street or something that is only $8 a day. We were only staying for 3 days so i didnt bother. I just paid the premium.I've stayed at many hotels including luxury 5 star and i did not have any complaints about this 2 star hotel. I knew it was a 2 star when i booked and wasnt expecting anything fantastic. If you want a good location, clean, cheap place to sleep this would be it. I'm not sure what the regular rates are, but i dont think i would pay more then $100 a night for this place.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jacky999
<Content>very good excellent place for budgeted travelers  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelforkicks
<Content>Clean, but no frillls The hotel is in a great location. Very close to the beach and near shopping. The price is very reasonable and the rooms are clean.I would compare these rooms to a motel 6. Clean, no frills, but decent enough to stay in. We didnt mind as we were out and about most of the day. If you are looking for a little more of a comfortable, cozy stay, this is probably not for you. Note: its not worth paying for ocean view as most are partials as there is an obstruction from a nearby hotel.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gmfibes
<Content>Just stayed 8 days at the Ocean Resort Spent 8 days at the OR. Booked a partial ocean view room, # 1004, directly by phone in advance, with a senior discount available to those over 55. Was upgraded at the desk when we arrived to room # 1204 in the older tower when I mentioned I had stayed at the hotel 2 years prior and had a great experience. Room was small but very clean with 1 queen bed. NO problems whatsoever: bathroom clean, carpets clean, NO mold, NO waterstains, NO bugs. View was fantastic from our balcony. Being given a room 2 floors higher than originally booked was definately a plus as the higher you go the better the view. NEVER waited for more than 15 seconds for an elevator as one was usually available within 10 seconds. OR is close to the beach, park, zoo, etc. Will definately stay there again. Book this hotel if you are on a budget, and want a clean room for a very good price. If you want a Hotel that is extravagant and has every bell and whistle, stay somewhere else for 2-5 times the price.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>SL MI Traveler
<Content>Great view -- rooms need help. We stayed 3 nights at the Ocean Resort Hotel in Wikiki from 2/18/07 - 2/21/07. We found the location great (other than being the last to be dropped off on the transfer from the airport). The view of Waikiki, only a block away was great from our ocean view room. The staff was pleasant and seemed to take care of concerns efficiently. The rooms, however, had been used HARD. There was a musty smell and the carpets were very worn. The room itself was nice sized, but the bathroom was a bit clostrophobic. The walls were in need of paint, the plumbing was showing rust and wear. We were under the impression that the property had undergone a complete refurbishing about a year ago -- it must have been in adding the keycard locks and hairdryers. The rest still needs help. The elevators were slow -- sometimes not even moving at all -- we walked down 11 floors when the one on our floor wouldn't move and the other wouldn't come. At check out time, we called the desk to tell them we were having the same problem again and couldn't manage to get our luggage down without the elevator. We weren't expecting the property to be top of the line -- the price was very reasonable -- but we were disappointed with what we got.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Wagga3
<Content>Very Happy with Ocean Resort       Sunset from our Lani  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Girl00
<Content>Can't go wrong for the price We stayed here one night, before moving on to our timeshare in Ko'olina. I was a bit worried because most of the hotels (aside from the ritzy ones) are worn down, musty, and sub-par. While this is not a fabulous hotel, you cannot beat the location and the valet parking ($15/day) is a nice feature. You are an easy walking distance to Kalakaua Ave and the beach. The Marriott is right down the street as is Tiki's Grill, a nice spot for drinks. Given how much time you spend in your room it is a great value! No, everything is not new and the elevator is SLOW... but what do you expect for $80? If you want cheap and luxury, try Bali (Indonesia). If you want cheap and close to the beach, try this place but don't expect 5 star!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinneapolisOldtimer
<Content>not impressed Even being an ohana member, this hotel has deteriated to the point that is should be torn down. We previously had stayed at this hotel a couple of times. While not a 4 or 5 star hotel it was sufficient at that time. This last time we stayed only one night as we were going to stay in a condo the other nights. The night we checked in, they gave us a room that smelled musty. Having requested a king bed, we were given a room with 2 twin beds. Being an ohana member, we asked for a got another room. This was a lttle better, but still not good. The room was semi clean, carpet needs replaced, and the shower didn't have any pressure. Also, you'd have to be a little person to use the shower. This was not just our room, as we talked with people at the restaurant and they too stated that their shower didn't have any pressure. I don't think I'd stay there again!, even though it is close to the activity and not far (a couple of blocks) from the beach. For the price, I didn't expect a 5 star hotel room and don't generally spend much time in a room, but this last trip was the pits!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ahla
<Content>Not bad We booked a superior kitchenette room which was basic, but clean. There is a small kitchen area with a fridge which was very useful, but the plug in cook top probably won't be sufficient if you want to cook your own meals.Overall, I thought the room was good value, however the bathroom was very small and needed better ventilation. The main problem that we had was being on a lower floor which put us just above the street traffic noise. Additionally, the guest laundry facilities were around the corner so even more noise. We were only there for two nights, mainly to sleep so didn't bother asking for another room, but if I was staying longer I would have questioned why a superior room was so noisy.Check in staff were not overly friendly, however, we had no problems with booking taxis or leaving our bags prior to checkin.Location wise it is at the eastern end of the Waikiki Beach stretch. It will probably take about 20mins to walk to the other end to reach the major shopping centres, but there are still plenty of restuarants and convenience stores closer to the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>foomoo
<Content>Clean!! Neat!! Great value!! Good service!! No problems!!       Car park across the road  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jergun22
<Content>You won't like it.       Mold and Mildew  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Impressed       Waikiki beach and Diamond Head  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Toucanfran
<Content>Great for the Price This hotel was great for the price we paid. If you're into a simple clean place to stay with no frills, this is the place for you. Location is fantastic, close to beach, zoo, aquarium, TONs of shopping and ABC stores as well as restaurants. You can walk to almost everyting or take the FREE shuttle that stops outside the hotel. The room was clean with a bit of wear and tear to be expected. The valet told to us to park in the gargae across the street if we wanted to self park which saved us $7.00/day in parking. upon arrival, we opened the curtain to the balconey to discover a beautiful view of the ocean and Diamondhead. We were on the 9th floor (highest we could go for what we paid) in the Diamondhead Tower (older of the 2). Our door lock was broken and minifridge was in disrepair, but with a quick call, the helpful staff had it fixed in about an hour and we had a brand new fridge. I highly recommend this hotel for travelors who are looking for a clean, inexpensive practical place to stay with a great location.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ticklemepink
<Content>Wouldn't stay there again even if they paid me The WORST hotel ever!! The room was dirty, with mold on ceiling, carpet was nasty . There was a white ant on the bathroom wall. Everything was old and falling apart. The kitchenette consisted of a plug-in stove! The mini-fridge was rusty and old. I was scared to walk on the carpet. Thank goodness i was there only for a day. The staff was very unfriendly as well!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>Seajax
<Content>Waikiki on a budget I booked this hotel through Expedia on an excellent package deal, so I knew it wasn't going to be anything spectacular like the Four Seasons. The room was a bit humid, but then again, Hawaii in general is...turning on the A/C took care of that. However, the A/C was LOUD, and kept waking me up during the night. The room was dated, however as everything in Hawaii is much more than what you pay on the mainland, the price of staying at the Ocean Hotel can't be beat. Its only a couple minutes walk to the beach, Honolulu Zoo, shopping and ABC store. If you've never been to Hawaii before, you'll get a kick out of counting how many ABC stores you can count in one day! Also, you can catch the city bus on the corner which will take you further down the Waikiki strip to the Ala Moana Mall. I also rented a car one day, and was in walking distance of Hertz.If you do take tours in Hawaii, remember everything is Island Time...which means they will be about 20 minutes late picking you up. I panicked at first thinking they forgot us, but caught on after the second tour. This also means the housekeeping is very slow and late in the day also. Sometimes, they didn't show up until almost 5pm...and it would take them a loooong time to finish cleaning a room. In summary, stay here if you aren't too picky about your lodgings and want a great deal to stay. It may not be the nicest, and doesn't look the prettiest, but the location and price make up for it. Everything in Hawaii is expensive!! Food (even the grocery stores) will cost much more than what it does on the mainland, especially in Waikiki. To stay at the Ocean gives your wallet a bit of a break in a place that isn't cheap to travel to.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>stanne34
<Content>Nice if you like Musty I stayed there in December 2006 and there are two separate sides of the hotel. The first side I stayed in was facing dirty apartment buildings and had old carpet and has not been updated for a long time. It has the musty smell of oldness!I wouldnt go barefoot on the carpets because it is moist from other hotel go-ers that must have come straight from the beach without drying off.The second half of my stay I went to the nicer side of the hotel. It seemed cleaner and had a fresher smell to it. Ask for the more expensive side. I am not complaining about the price, because it was a good deal. But you truly get what you pay for! I would not stay there again....ever. Give me the Marriott across the street please!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	2	4	1	

<Author>LaRock1971
<Content>It worked for us.... I picked this hotel for location and price. I was heading over to Oahu for the Honolulu Marathon and wanted to be close to the finish line at Kapiolani Park. I wanted the shortest hobble back to my room as possible. I got a great deal at under $80 and I knew what to expect. When my wife and I arrived we were checked in right away by the friendly front desk staff. The room was very basic, but when we travel we don't hang out in the hotel, it's just a place to sleep and get cleaned up so we didn鈥檛 mind. The maid was friendly and kept our room clean and in good order. We lucked out and were on the Cartwright Road side, so street noise was minimal even with us being on the mezzanine floor. The location was great. A short walk to the beach, a newer ABC Store just down the street (great for coffee in the morning) and like I said earlier close to Kapiolani Park. There are some great restaurants near by, I recommend Lulu鈥檚 Surf Club for breakfast.Ok, now for the little things I didn鈥檛 like. Like I said the rooms are very basic, so no blow dryer, no iron and ironing board. If you need to iron clothing you can go down to the laundry room and 鈥渃heck out鈥?an iron and use the boards there. It鈥檚 a little inconvenient, but it works. The swimming pools are tiny and in the shade most of the day so the water is very cold (which felt great on my sore legs). This is a 鈥淗otel鈥?but not a 鈥淩esort鈥? Maybe it鈥檚 just me, but when I think 鈥淩esort鈥?I think of the Hawaiian Hilton, a large property with multiple buildings, huge pools, lots of amenities and services. Would I stay here again? Yep and I plan to for next years Honolulu Marathon. It鈥檚 a great deal in a great location.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Nunzilla
<Content>I was pretty miffed.... I was pleased with the location as it is truly a 3 minute walk to Waikiki beach. The hotel is OLD. Everything about this place is in serious need of refurbishment.The room, while a decent size, was disgusting. The ceiling was cracked and had several water spots. The kitchenette had a sticky, dirty floor. The bathroom had cracked tile and hair on the floor. By far the worst of all was when my husband discovered dried blood on his pillow. I made a terrible mistake booking this place. What I saved in money was spent worrying about bed bugs.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>karching
<Content>Good location When we first arrived after a ten hour flight at 8am in the morning, we could not get checked in to around 3pm, my heart sank as I was extremely sick with bad jetlag. It did not help that the taxi driver took us to another hotel 4 blocks away and we had to find it on foot with all our luggage.We finally checked in and I was so dissapointed with the room. It had seperate beds and overlooked dirty tin roofs etc.We complained and got our room upgraded. it was alot better.The hotel is not as fancy as most in Honolulu but it is good for what you pay for and soooo close to the beach and all shopping and exploring.Be careful of people trying to rip you off left right and center in Honolulu, and be careful about being ripped off by tour groups who nab you the day after you get in as you can save hundreds on tours from deals on the street (OUR BIGGEST MISTAKE) We even missed out on half our tours because of tour companies changing our itinery and not informing us.Even though the hotel was not that glamorous, it was fantastic. The breakfast was great, dinner - not too good but that is hard to find in Honolulu anyway.We stayed in one night and sang our hearts out to Karaoke at the bar with the Hotel staff.Hotel staff were fantastic and helpful, if I went back there again I would stay there.I was a bit pissed as it stated in the itinery that they had a hairdryer in the room , but they did not. I had to hire one from the shop downstairs for my stay there, I can't remember if it cost me anything as it was awhile ago. I loved Honolulu but I have stayed in better Hotels, but the hotels don't make your holiday....you do.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bugss
<Content>Awesome place for the price. Perfect for families of 4 or more.       Entrance  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	4	5	

<Author>managirl
<Content>Just kick me out in the middle of a black out, why dontcha! My husband and I live on Kauai and went Oahu to celebrate our anniversary (not what I wouldve chosen to do, but my husband was trying to be sweet). I was alittle hesitant at this hotel because about a month ago I stayed at another budget hotel in Waikiki (the Honolulu Prince) and was totally disgusted. So this place was actually okay, they have valet parking (at a hefty $15/day) which A LOT of hotels (except the bigger ones) do not offer. So no parking hassles was nice. The rooms were okay, they had a fridge, but that's about all as far as ammenities. I liked the location of this hotel...near beach...and a nice neighborhood.My major complaint occured during an earthquake on SUNDAY 10/15. It hit a little after 7AM...we were supposed to check out and go home this day, the electricity was out all day on Oahu  I found out on my car radio that the airport was pretty much SHUT DOWN. people were being hand-searched by TSA (no electricity) and the toliets were ALL backed up, so there was no where to use the toliet (they are those automatic kind so the run soley on electricity) so since we were just going home to Kauai (as opposed to a mainland traveller) I wasnt in a rush to sit in a stinky airport  argue with people, so when I inquired at the front desk if we HAD to check out I was told um yes you are! we have people landing that are checking in today in a duh manner.We are lucky we have lot of friends we houses we can go to, which is what we did, but I feel bad for the people who were forced to leave with no way out!!! Plus, he was simply RUDE!!!BTW, to the comment below: the earthquake effect 6.6 was at the epicenter on the Big Island, Oahu was not hit nearly as hard.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>YOSEgal
<Content>Try to get a high level floor The hotel was chosen for my husband and I as we were on a business trip and they paid all expenses. We were in an out and stayed 3 separate times as we also had to go to Lanai and Molokai. Each night we stayed in a different room. Two were on the 9th floor and one was on the 11th floor. All had views of the beach, although you still look over apartments and hotels. The room rate was $69/night which is very cheap in Waikiki. We were there about 1.5 weeks before the 6.6 earthquake hit, but the trade winds had stopped blowing and it was the most miserable week - hot, humid days and nights. We were glad for air conditioning in the room. The room was okay, with a small refrigerator in the room under the bathroom sink, but here are the shortcomings: very hard bed-felt the springs, no hair dryer in room and none available (you can rent from the gift shop, but none were available during my stay), no microwave, small counter space next to sink, no coffeemaker in room. It had a small lanai (porch) with two chairs. Too hot to enjoy though. The hotel restaurant did not look like it was worth going too - they had a menu with pictures outside the door. It kept me away!Postives: The toilet and large shower stall (no tub) were in a separate room, apart from the sink. The room had room darkening curtains to keep out the bright morning sun as well as keep the room cooler in the afternoon  evening. The air conditioner had digital controls for adjusting the temperature and fan speed. We could keep the fan blowing the entire time which helped to drown out street noise. The compressor kept coming on and off, but we got used to that. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the beach and at the end of the Waikiki area, but plenty of shops around to walk through next to the beach. There is an ABC store 1 block away, short blocks too. That is where we got coffee and breakfast items like yogurt and cereal/milk. One room we got to view only was on the 14th floor and it was nicer in that it had a hair dryer attached to the wall! But, we couldn't stay there and asked for another room since we got in after 9 p.m. and the a/c had not been on. The staff was gracious and gave us another room on the 11 th floor that the a/c had been on. But no hair dryer! I tried to be appreciative and not be ugly when I asked about another room and the hair dryers - so was treated very well by the staff. Overall, the room is okay if you don't mind hard beds, buy coffee outside the hotel, and having no microwave or hair dryer.The next week when on our vacation part of the trip, we stayed at the Aqua Palms at the other end of Waikiki. It was a huge improvement. I got that room for $125/night with my AAA discount. It had a great bed and a comfortable sofa (makes into a bed) with microwave, refrigerator, and coffeemaker and hairdryer. See my detailed review later for that hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>latrice
<Content>Upgrade!! Upon reading the reviews on tripadvisor, i was technically scared. We stayed in the Pali tower and had upgraded to a kitchenettte. This tower has been taken care of where as the Diamondhead tower has not. We had a few things -paint needed, no bathroom fan - but other than that the rooms were huge' adequate balcony, showers were good. couple of clues though . Turn your mattress over. the other side hasn't been slept on in 15 years. Do get a couple of extra blankets to use as a mattress pad. then put the other mattress pad back on top of them. much better. the restrauant downstairs does suggest  15% gratuity but they are extremely pleasant and deserve this amount. we usually had at least three of them waiting on us at all times. breakfast was about as inexpensive as i could find any where. the elevators did not delay us and we were extremely close to the beach with of course our own ABC store. loved it .....listen ....upgrade away from those cheap rooms. you won't regret it.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>halemalu
<Content>nice bright room i have stayed at budget hotels before in waikiki, and their rooms were tiny, depressing, the noise from the traffic was so bad that i couldn't get any sleep without taking a pill, so i was groggy all the next day.but his hotel gave me a room facing the ocean, away from busy kuhio, was nice and bright with lovely decor. a big open lobby greeted me and there is a convenient restaurant . the room was on the 10. floor and i could see the ocean and heard no traffic noise. i am going back there in november but this time i am taking a little kettle to boil water, and a mug and coffee filter. they got no coffee makers in the rooms.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milano17
<Content>Decent We were staying in Waikiki for only 3 nights and did not want to spend alot of money. There were 3 different couples in our group and all 6 of us stayed at the Ocean Resort. Our experience wasn't bad - granted it isn't the nicest hotel we've ever stayed in, but our rooms were clean and good enough to sleep in - we weren't staying in them 90% of the time anyway. We stayed in the front tower - closer to Waikiki beach (which was a short walk, not bad distance at all). Our room was dated, the walls had a few cracks in them, but nothing horrible like a wet bed or dirty. The other 2 couples stayed in the other tower, I think it is called the Pali Tower - these rooms were 100% better and I would recommend staying in this tower if you stay here.We were looking for just a place to crash, and save some money. As for another review that was posted on this website, switching hotels and staying at the Sheraton Surfrider is about 3 times more expensive than the Ocean Resort - definitely not even close to the same price range.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ivorysalmon
<Content>Passable.... Was booked here on package tour by friend; read reviews on Trip Advisor beforehand and was very skeptical of place. CONS: Our first room was awful! Dark, dingy, stained carpet, looking directly across into rundown apartment next door. Needless to say, we kept doors/drapes closed! A/C noisy, kept us awake all night. We were up by 5am, went to front desk to ask for another room. Got another room, 5th floor, corner, with wraparound lanai. At least we could open doors/drapes and let light in! No view, but much better than being on 2nd floor. Paint peeling in bathroom, some stains still on carpet. No kitchen facilities, so that's probably why no roaches/ants in room. Parking sucked, valets did not know where the 'overflow' lot was and could not give directions. They did have $10 day, valet parking, with in/out privledges. We were forced to use this rather than try to find where their 'public lot' was. They made a fortune in tips from us, which is prob what they wanted. Saw prostitutes in lobby, using the phone. Also received several phone calls while in room, probably from them downstairs, asking if I was the one who had requested escort service. PROS: Staff and valet were helpful to us, but I am not haole, so not sure if it made a difference. Room was adequate, if you want a place to sleep and shower. Would I stay again? No, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere as I am not fond of Waikiki in general. Been to the islands enough that I know my way around, so it's just a place to sleep...  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Sihota
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!!! We came to waikiki the first night on a sunday and we walked into the lobby which was really outdated but what do you expect for a hotel which is really cheap so we blew it off. Then the conceirge told us where are room was we went inside and the sat on the bed and the bed was WET!!!!! both of them, and the showers look like they have mold growing on it so the next day we checked into a much much better hotel (Sheraton Moana Surfrider which was amazing). This is one of the worst hotel experiances ever and i suggest you should not come here.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slknova
<Content>Return Guests Highly Recommend Ocean Resort Waikiki We have stayed at the Ocean Resort several times as members of their Ohana Membership. The change in ownership/management that I kept reading about in reviews prior to our last trip concerned me up until our arrival. Any change was seamless from our viewpoint. The room was exactly as requested with special requests honored. The service was excellent. We had absolutely no problems while we were there. The room was spacious and clean. Any special requests for housekeeping were honored promptly. The Ohana Membership qualifies us for a very generous discount but even without that the prices here are very, very good. The location of this hotel, the accomodations and the price are unbeatable. If you are expecting a Hyatt or a Westin this isn't it but while I usually stay at Westins myself, I stay at the Ocean Resort Waikiki when in Honolulu. Time after time the staff takes excellent care of us. We look forward to returning again. Mahalo Ocean Resort. Until next time!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place sucks!!!!!!!!!!!! I have been a member of the this hotel's Premier Club for years. The ownership recently changed and the service has gone to hell in a handbasket. We were not going to arrive until Saturday Morning so I paid for the extra day and made the reservation for Friday. I requested a king or a queen bed and non-smoking. When we arrived and went to check in we were told by the clerk that there were no rooms available, and told me that they did not guarantee bed size, which was an absolute lie. The assistant manager Nani was standing right there when this was going on. I told the clerk that I had already been charged for the preceeding night and there better be a room available. He went into the office and came up with a set of keys. The room was a closet with 2 very small twin beds and ashtrays. I went down to the desk and told him that the room was unacceptable and I wanted another. He then sent me up to another floor which had a common lanai with 6 or 7 other rooms and had been burglarized the preceeding week. When I went back down and told him I wanted the room I had requested and had paid for, his attitude was tough. Again, Nani was standing right there and did absolutely nothing. On checkout, they didn't even bother to ask how the stay had been, and when I asked for the name of the general manager, Nani just looked at me and grinned that, go away, white man grin. This was one of the worst stays in a hotel I have ever experienced. I have a need for a hotel in Honolulu in the future, but I will certainly not stay at the Ocean Resort.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have had enough of this hotel. Recently stayed at Ocean Resort Waikiki over 4-day July 4th weekend. It was my worst stay ever at this property. I will never return, despite having stayed there several times before over the last 10 years.Granted the hotel is a 2-star budget property, I have seen the level of service suffer and the quality of rooms deteriorate since staying there over the course of 10 years. During my first stay in '96, the low room rates were very attractive and location great. Even at that time, the hotel was obviously dated and in need of a facelift but was tolerable. During my stay there last week, I realized the the facelift and renovations which could have helped 10 years ago are absolutely needed now. The place is a dump now ... it is drab, run down and moldy smelling.If you are on a tight budget, want a good location in Waikiki, and just a place to sleep and bathe, then stay at this property -- but don't pay more than $50 a night. The rack rates they charge at this hotel are outrageous for the poor quality of accommodations and lack of service.Funny thing is that whenever I stay here (summertime), the hotel is either close to capacity or completely full. They are one of the lower priced hotels in Waikiki, but why does the ownership not re-invest money in at least properly maintaining this property which is in a prime location?? it is sad to see the decline of this property and nothing visibly being done about it.Things I didn't like on my last stay: Old, sagging mattresses (bedsheets and pillow cases are clean, though). Mattresses showed terribly obvious dips on the side of the bed close to the telephone and were uncomfortable to sleep in when permanently dipped so badly. Large, dark stains in the carpet which weren't removed. Our bathroom had no fan or air circulation whatsoever. As a result, the wood frame door is peeling from the dampness due to lack of ventilation. Overall, just a drab, dirty feeling to not just my room but the property in general.Biggest gripe: Parking. I was told by one of the parking valet people that the hotel only has 80 parking spaces in its garage, and the hotel has 400 rooms. They directed me and other guests to park across the street (across busy Kuhio Avenue) at the Waikiki Banyan -- extremely inconvenient and also a very crowded parking structure of its own. Ocean Resort's parking valet attendants didn't even offer to valet park their guests cars at their overflow parking location at Wki Banyan. In hindsight, I would have paid to have an Ocean Resort valet guy park my car at this satellite location, but they didn't even offer it. Another example of their poor, poor service.I am very disappointed in the decline of this property, service-wise and also with the physical deterioration. In previous years, I would have highly recommended it to people for value of their money. But after last week's stay, I would not recommend at all. It is not worth one's money, in my opinion. With hotel rates generally high in Waikiki, your money is better spent elsewhere for better quality.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting Hotel We live on the westside of Oahu and decided to spend my daughter's sweet sixteen birthday which also fell on Memorial day weekend at a hotel in Waikiki. I found affordable rooms at the Ocean Resort Hotel, so we rented two deluxe with kitchenette rooms for two nights. My husband and I drove up in two different cars to the hotel entrance and was told to park around the corner which is where the hotel parking is located. It was a dark underground parking lot that was cramped and had no open parking stalls, there was actually more storage of table, chairs and dumpsters than parking stalls. We were then told to exit the parking structure and go around the city block and enter another parking entrance which was no cleaner or safer but it did have two stalls left which was a rip off for $10 a day per car parking fees. The hotel lobby was adequate and the staff was polite entering our rooms was shocking. The rugs were stained with food, drink and cigarette burns, there were live ant trails from the cabinets to the sink in the kitchen. The bath tub had live roaches and ants crawling every where and the bathroom sink leaked all day and night. The bathroom was so tiny you had to tuck in your legs on the toilet to shut the door. Our second hotel room had broken glass on the rug near the kitchen area from a microwave plate that must have been broken from the guest before us. The room was so gross we showered in the tub with our bathing suits on and we slept on sleeping bags on top of the bed covers. It was a disaster for my daughter, she was embarrassed for her best friend who spent the weekend with our family. We tried to spend as much time as we could out of the room so not to ruin our weekend. I will never go to that hotel ever again, it was literally a roach motel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holjim
<Content>Cannot beat for the Price I've just returned from my first trip to Hawaii and wanted to throw in my two cents about the Ocean Resort Hotel in Waikiki. I booked my room very last minute and was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews of the hotel. I had visions of killer roaches and mysterious stains as I took the old but perfectly fine elevator up to the 12th floor.To my surprise and joy, there were no odors, bugs or unpleasant hotel staff.We had a clean room in an average hotel literally two blocks from the beach for $59.Granted, anyone can have a good or bad experience at a hotel and I'm not doubting that people have had a bad time there but in my case, everything was fine and I certainly enjoyed putting my saved money to better use in hawaii. If you think your $59 should get you the Surfrider or Outrigger experience, you probably shouldn't be reviewing hotels. However, if you want a clean room in a great location without much in the way of frills, I absolutely recommend the Ocean Resort.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>value for money We stayed in room 840 with city/diamond head views and kitchenette. The room was very spacious, clean and well equipped. Although the room was non-smoking and did not smell of smoke, previous residents had obviously seen fit to use the carpet to stub out their cigarettes, as evidenced by the half a dozen or so burns around the dining table. Such a pity since we were otherwise pleased by the overall cleanliness and presentation of the room.The carpets and seating in the lobby and elevator foyers could use a darn good steam clean, but hey, we weren't sleeping there so we ignored it. Staff were genrally friendly and efficient, check-in was quick. Heaps of fresh towels  a reasonable sized bathroom. The lanai, kitchenette  ice bucket proved to be very welcome, especially for our evening drinkies as the sun set.Warning: We took the big shuttle from the airport to the hotel  it took us 2 whole hours to get there due to Ocean Resort being one of the last drop offs in Waikiki. Not what you want after a 15 hour flight. Take a taxi for the few extra bucks. it's worth it.Ocean Resort is not 5 star, but is good value for money  the location can't be beat. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TParty
<Content>Perfectly Fine We just returned from spending nine nights at this hotel and found it to be just fine. We had a large room with two full beds and a divan/single bed. There was a small kitchenette with everything we needed. The room was clean, not spotless, and comfortable. The TV worked well and had good reception on all channels. We found the staff friendly enough, certainly not rude as a few posters have noted. Our room was always cleaned before noon. The air conditioning worked well. The paper was delivered to our door every morning except Sunday. We didn't use the pool, it didn't look that inviting. The coffeemaker was small and didn't make very good coffee, but we found the Honolulu Coffee Company in the lobby of the Moana Surfrider and that became our daily treat. Price and proximity to the beach are two of this hotel's greatest assets. The Bus is just across the street and remember to get a transfer, you can use it in either direction, the drivers were generous with the expiration time and we never had to pay for our trip back. Yes, the place was a little tatty, but even the most expensive, 4-5 star hotels on the beach had faded lobby carpeting in need of a good vacuum. This is a relaxed beach community and that is just how things are. I never saw one prostitute near this hotel, granted we were in by 9:30-10:00pm each night. I would recommend Wolfgang Pucks at the end of the road for good food at a good price. We had a good experience at the Ocean Beach and would stay there again, definitely.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>metaz
<Content>My 50th Birthday We loved our room it was very roomy and very clean. The staff was very helpful and freindly. The food was very good. It is within walking distance of every thing you would like. I would highly recomment this resort .Very well done.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ImSlayer
<Content>Not sure if I would stay again I'll make it short and quickCons: room did smell moldy, kitchen area was dirty, dishes were dirty. walls were dirty. a good scubbing was needed. dont use the stairs unless you like old and smelly things. room 1431Pros: excellent location to beach and thebus line. Diamond Head was our view. ABC store was very near...they are on every block, just about.TheBus can take you to DH and Hanauma Bay. Bus 19/20 goes to airport...a good hour drive. There is a location called Cheap Attractions, off of sarasota rd. Excellent for inexpensive excursions. we rented a car via them, for $33 and was upgraded, for free, to a convertible seabring.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sasser
<Content>The worst hotel experience ever! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Resort the night before we were leaving for a cruise. First of all, when we got to the reception desk it was midnight (we had just arrived by air after a 16 hour flight) and the man at reception made us park the car two blocks away from the hotel and walk back. This wasnt really such a big deal but when we finally got to our room we found a huge roach bug crawling from underneath the bed into the night stand! My husband turned the night stand upsidedown looking for it to kill it but did not find it. This was very disturbing to say the least. Didnt sleep very well that night. Would not stay here again if it was free!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>planetrj
<Content>3 C's - Excellent Value Overall In Waikiki! Personally, I cannot understand why there are so many terrible reviews. This is my 4th trip to Oahu, and each time I have stayed here, I always try to find a place that is less expensive, because I realize how little time I really spend in the room. I guess, if you come all the way to Waikiki and just stay in the room, then this may not be the perfect place. I honestly don't come here to get room pampering, nor do I come for the room service. Comfort, Clean, and Convenient - THAT is exactly what I got!Accessibility: The hotel's geographic location is just about the best you can get. It's on Paoakalani St. that takes you 2 blocks to the beach (Kuhio Beach - very nice little beach), and the corner of Kuhio Ave, which takes you right to Duke's Lane, the market, and all the restaurants, clubs and shops too. Driving to Diamond Head is a breeze, as you only need to turn 1 corner to get to the street that takes you there.Room Comfort: The rooms are very oversized large, and have airy patios and balconies with big glass sliding doors, so that you can let in the good ol' ocean breeze in. Long and low dressers with lots of drawers to store clothing, etc. They come with good built-in A/C's, and work very efficiently (though I only needed to use mine the first day, till I was acclimated). The room I HIGHLY recommend is one with a kitchenette. They come completely equipped with a hot plate, dishes, silverwear, pots/pans, dish towels, and dishsoap! Even a stay at the expensive Ilikai didn't equip dishsoap.... Kudos! (who wants to pay $4 for a full bottle dishsoap when you'll probably use about 2 tbsp., anyways?). The kitchenette also comes with a newer microwave, sink, and small refrigerator - big enough to put in plenty of food storage. The kitchenette was VERY useful in helping save more money too, as you can supplement your dining out with breakfasts and lunches in the room, then splurge on a nice dinner out! Surely saved over $300+ (more I am sure) cooking my meals in-room. The beds were overly firm for my taste (standard hotel issue), but was easily resolved by requesting about 5 blankets. Housekeeping was quick and happy to ablige me with as many blankets as I needed. Make sure you request to stay in the Pali Tower, as this is the side with the cleanest halls/rooms.Front Desk: Nothing bad to say about front desk. Quick, efficient, and very friendly. Checkin took no more than 5 minutes. They were friendly enough to ask if I needed anything else after any request. Room keys are credit cards, so they are very convenient and easy to put into swimming trunks or shorts.Housekeeping: Even a couple days where I slept in late, I would put the 'clean room' sign out, and they would still clean the room at 11am, which was very nice. They do an excellent job of cleaning, and even refill soaps, shampoos, and tissues every day. Extra towels were no issue, and they would always bring extra until the day I left. They also cleaned up my dirty dishes and folded my clothes on the bed, which was very pleasing, and again, quite surprising, as this never happened at more expensive hotels.Nearby Restaurants/Shops: The location is VERY convenient for several staples for the average tourist. First, there is an ABC store downstairs on the sidestreet (like a 7-11 and tourist gift shop all-in-one). Open till midnight, makes for a great quickie run store. Then, down the street, there's a Seattle's Best Coffee shop, Italian Restaurant, Tiki's Restaurant (very good food and live music), and Cheeseburger In Paradise (AMAZING BURGERS!) about 4 blocks away. The restaurant inside the hotel in the main lobby was inexpensive, but just average dining (like Coco's or Denny's). They did offer Hawaiian Breakfast though, and Portugese Sausage and Eggs, which was pretty good (about $10/person for breakfast and drink).Parking Lot: There's a Diamond parking lot underneath the hotel that was incredibly easy to get to (entering by the elevator). Also, it was MUCH less expensive (at $10/day) than what I had paid for previously (normally costs about $16 - 20 per 24 hours depending on the hotel).I will be returning to Ocean Resort Hotel Next year, as I have found my 'perfect balance' of value between comfort and best price. Thanks Ocean Resort! :)  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Overall Service As a resident of Oahu, I expected better service, although this is a low budget hotel, I didn't expect the best of services, but to be at least taken care of with respect.Parking lot attendants sent me around the block 2 times for parking, they were rude and un-informative. Hotel staff lied about a sercurity deposit, one person told me it was $100, but later discovered that $300 was being held. Went back down to the front desk to confirm again, and was told it was $100. I originally made a reservation for one bed, but was given a room with 2 small beds. I asked to be moved to a room with one large bed and the room they put me in was terrible. They were in the process of remodeling the room next to me so I was then awaken every morning to the pounding of hammers. The Pali tower of where I was staying in had a wait time of 5-8 min for an elevator.The parking lot attendants left my car unlocked in the front of the parking ramp with my keys in their parking shack in plain view. Upon check out, the parking lot attendants made me search the entire lot for my car as they had no idea where they had parked it the night before.My stay at the Ocean Resort hotel was POOR, I highly doubt I will return to stay here again nor will I recommend anyone to this hotel.In addition, this hotel is very outdated in the rooms, it gave the impression of a old 70's hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Brutal This hotel is badly in need of a refit. I don't know how I could possibly recommend anyone to stay in this hotel that doesn't go on vacation EXPECTING the following:- Hotel front desk staff uncaring, ignorant, brash, rude, and unprofessional. This does not improve when talking to management. Comments made by guests to management are dismissed with a laugh, a smile and in our case, a whole stand-up routine.- Slow and decrepit elevators, some with missing floor tiles half of which are duct-taped back in place.- Filth. Not filth you have to look hard for, just filth, including public and room bathrooms obviously not cleaned - hairs on toilets, soiled toilet paper on the floors in the hotel guest bathroom off the lobby, scum left behind everywhere the staff have not gone past an obligatory quick wipe down.- Parking. There are not enough parking spots for all the guests - maybe to suit one floor's worth. They will take payment up front and leave you to find out if there is a spot for you. If not, they will offer to take your keys from you and double park your car for you. If you have seen the lot, it's difficult to manoever a mid size vehicle when the lot is full. We didn't have a lot of faith that our car wouldn't come out damaged if we left it.- Room and hall carpets: old, worn flat, with so many stains on them it's like Joseph's Technicolor Dreamcoat. You could spend an afternoon trying to figure out which one's what. We stayed in the Deluxe Room with a kitchenette, mountain  city view. The first night we stayed we were on a higher floor but it was so unkempt that we asked to be moved. The only reason we stayed here was because of our middle of the night arrival, there were no other rooms available that night in the same room category. The next morning we moved to a room that had been serviced prior to our arrival, unlike the one we were presented with the first night.A budget hotel? Definitely. Budget prices? Maybe, for Waikiki.Backpacker hostel equivalent without having to ask for a private room? Absolutely.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dot92
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Ocean Resort April 19-23. I had read a few negative reviews before our trip and was a little apprehensive about what we would find but I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, the hotel needed work in some areas but our room was very clean and a good size. We had a suite without an ocean view but had a coffee pot, toaster, refrigerator, hot plate and microwave. We had to wait a few minutes for the elevators at times but the wait was no longer than the wait times I have in the office building where I work. The location was great and was very close to the beach and zoo. For the rate we paid per night, I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe it was just the warm weather - but we liked it a lot! After lots and lots of travelling around the States for two weeks, we arrived at Honolulu for a one night stay before our return to Australia. We had booked the Ocean Resort after lots of research, including TripAdvisor, and looking for a decent property at a decent (mid-range) price.We arrived at the hotel at 4.30pm - quick check-in and up to a room on the 10th floor. We booked and received a 'moderate ocean view' room, which was fairly small by US standards, but was very clean, and comfortable.There was a small balcony as reported by other posters here - just deep enough for two chairs. The room directly faced Waikiki Beach, and of the 100% potential view, I guess about 65% of the beach was obscured by surrounding buildings - but this still left us with a 35% uninterrupted view of the ocean and sunset - well above what we had expected! The room itself was basic, television, table, couple of inside chairs and bedside lamps, a small fridge. No tea and coffee making facilities - however you can buy a hot cup of coffee in the mornings from the hotel's restaurant for USD1.05 (hot and wet but not spectacular). Also an air-conditioner, small area for luggage (and the bathroom sink), then a small bathroom with shower and wc. Plenty of towels, and basic amenities of soap, shampoo/conditioner (mixed), and lotion.Staff were friendly and helpful - no problems with check-in or out. If you need a shuttle to the airport it can be arranged at the bell desk - but you need to pay in cash (USD9 per person), and reservations need to be made by 7.00pm. The shuttle itself was on time.One of the good things about the hotel was its location - it says it is one and a half blocks from the beach, but Waikiki is very small, and the walk itself is about 3 minutes, with lots of food outlets and restaurants nearby.Would stay again, and it was the perfect place for a single night or couple of nights, although we have no other experience of hotels in the area so it is a little difficult to compare, except that the larger hotels have price tags to match!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this place I am usually not very demanding about hotels in Waikiki 鈥?it鈥檚 just a place to sleep for me. I don鈥檛 need plush robes or fancy amenities. Also, I grant you that I was here during the storm of 2006, so it was a depressing time to be in Hawaii. But this hotel made all of that WORSE. I agree, budget hotels are basic but budget should not mean shabby, sloppy upkeep and perfunctory staff. But that鈥檚 what I found here. I got the impression that nobody was in charge, nobody was supervising the staff or the physical condition of the hotel, and nobody cared about the kind of impression the hotel conveyed.First: the attitude of the staff was bordering on rude. While I was checking in, a man asked the other desk clerk where the bellman is, since he needed to get his bags. The desk clerk says, 鈥渙h, he鈥檚 around, he鈥檒l be back.鈥?He didn鈥檛 offer to find the bellman, or offer any help to the guy to retrieve the bags. On another day, a different desk clerk was asked if a particular hotel employee was on duty. The clerk replied, 鈥淥h, I don鈥檛 know, you could call his office.鈥?She sounded as if she鈥檇 never heard of this staff person and she made no effort to find out if he was around. Just, 鈥測ou can call his office.鈥?Both of these people might as well have come straight out and said, 鈥渄on鈥檛 bother me.鈥?Second: it鈥檚 physically shabby. On my floor (12th) the wallpaper on the decorative panel opposite the elevator had been torn off in strips, with bare plaster on part of it and strips of wallpaper hanging on part of it. It remained in that condition for the entire ten days I stayed there 鈥?apparently no one could be bothered to fix it. Third: the hotel was being painted. Not usually a big deal to me, hotels have to be painted and you can鈥檛 shut them while that happens. But somebody should have checked up on these painters. When they painted the elevator frames they put the wet paint signs INSIDE the elevator, on top of the ad for the lobby shop. Obviously, this had not been painted, and there were no wet paint signs on the elevator frames-- which had been painted. I found this out when I held the elevator door open for another guest and got blue paint all over my hands. Not a major problem, I grant you, but it all denotes laziness and lack of attention. Fourth: I stayed in the Pali Tower which had only two elevators, and no service elevator, so there were frequently long waits for the elevator. Since the service staff had to use the guest elevators this increased the delays and also meant that guests got to share the elevator with large rolling hampers of dirty laundry and, sometimes, trash bags. Fifth: someone needs to work on the pool area. It鈥檚 ugly. The green outdoor carpet is worn, there was trash on the carpeting, and paint was visibly chipping on the concrete walls of the pool deck. No effort was made to keep it tidy, let alone nice. The location is good, near the beach, and the cleaning staff were courteous 鈥?maybe they should promote them to the front desk 鈥?and took good care of my room. My room itself was fine for a budget hotel.I've stayed in Waikiki budget hotels before, so I know what to expect from a budget hotel as opposed to a luxury hotel. But in all those other places, the staff was courteous and helpful and had a pleasant attitude. This place rubbed in the fact that you were staying in an inexpensive hotel, as if it鈥檚 OK to be rude and let the hotel run down since the people who stay there don鈥檛 have a lot of money. I have NEVER run into that kind of attitude or shabbiness before. I will never go back to this place.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AlHenry
<Content>Good selection for the price and location       our view for 75 a night  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SOULjourner
<Content>Great Value and Location My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki for six nights (March 24-30) after booking a reservation through Great Hawaii Vacations ($506 for a standard Diamond Tower room with queen bed, including tax). We were upgraded to an ocean view room with a small lanai (just deep enough for a couple of chairs) on the seventh floor. Even though the furnishings and d茅cor are dated, the room was clean, comfortable and in good working order. We had all the basic necessities鈥攁ir conditioning, TV, phone (they do charge 75 cents for local calls and a dollar for 800 access), clock/radio, a small refrigerator in the bathroom, and hot water with good pressure anytime we needed it. A safe is available (we didn鈥檛 use it; I believe there may be an extra charge for that). On the third floor, there are two pools and a sundeck as well as an ice machine and a dispenser for instant hot water (which we used to make tea, oatmeal, and cup-a-noodles). There is a coin op laundry on the second floor. (A hair dryer and coffee maker in the room would have been nice additions.)  Downstairs, there is internet access for 15 cents a minute, booking agents for activities, two gift shops, the Punawai Lounge (open at 4 pm with well drinks for $4), and a mediocre caf茅 (not recommended; also, they automatically add a 15% service charge to your tab). The desk will fax documents for you at $1 per page. Parking is available at $10 per day, but you really don鈥檛 need a car because the hotel鈥檚 location is so convenient鈥攁bout a block and a half to the beach and steps to several bus lines, including the #2 and #13 on Kuhio and the Kapahulu lines. The trolley for Ala Moana Center stops right in front of the hotel. Easy walking distance to the zoo (enjoyable and cheap at $6 for adults, nice snack station), Kapiolani Park, Waikiki Aquarium, shopping, and eateries (Starbucks is about two blocks away on the corner of Kapahulu and Kalakaua, across from the park), as well as some of the pricier hotels. A new ABC store just opened a half-block toward the beach, so you can pop in for bottled water, snacks (musubi, fruit, ice cream, sandwiches), wine, beach mats, bus passes or whatever. We would definitely stay at the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>karma2
<Content>for the price ok We stayed here for 7days, hotel is ok for price a bit worn and drab but we had a high room good view ,good location for beach and rest of town  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Janet McPherson
<Content>same old same old Have been returning to this hotel since 1997 and the price has risen considerably over that period, but it is difficult to see any money being spent on the property. Bedspreads, carpets, fridge and fitted furniture could all do with a facelift and new elevators are long overdue. Bathroom could also do with some attention and a coat of paint would not come amiss. Even at the Ohana rate it is a lot of money and we will be looking at alternatives for next year. Certainly would not pay the full rate for this deluxe ocean view kitchenette studio as there are better options for the same money. Big disappointment. Also be prepared to pay $10 per night to a private parking company to use the hotel car park. Position at the zoo end of the strip is great and a visit to the zoo (only $6) definitely recommended.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than expected We have recently returned from our vacation to Hawaii, my travel agent dooked us into the Ocean Resort and I have to admit to being worried about it after reading some reviews.From the moment we arrived we knew it would be a great place to stay, Kimberly on reception made us feel at home the moment we arrived. Our room a moderate ocean view twin was basic but clean, spacious and well worth the tarrif, the ocean view was just great, sat on the balcony for hours on end.We were only moments from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki and mankets and the trolley picks up from the front.All in all I highly reccommend the Ocean Resort.Iwill definitely be going back.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!       8th Flr Balcony view North  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Vacation Val
<Content>Good value hotel My husband and I just got back from Waikiki. Stayed 1 week at the Ocean Resort. No complaints. After reading all the negative reviews, we were very skeptical but we have to say that we were pleasantly surprised. Yes, it could use a facelift but for the price we paid we're not about to complain about esthetics. The staff was friendly. The room was clean - no bugs. It had a small table with 2 chairs, dresser, t.v., dresser, comfy bed with good pillows and the toilet / shower were separate from the sink. Yes they should spring for a new soap dish in the shower but a rusty soap dish and a bad caulking job in the shower didn't deter us. There was always hot water and lots of soft towels. (We've been in 4* hotels where the towels were so rough they could take your skin off!) The maid usually didn't get there until after 3 each day but made a point of telling us that she was not ignoring our clean room sign but said she had orders to clean the check out rooms first so new people could check in by 3. Nevertheless she was always there with a smile and a thank you for the tip we always left. We had a fair sized balcony with 2 chairs so we could enjoy happy hour on our own lanai while enjoying the warm weather while watching the tourists go by. The only real disappointment was the pool deck. The lounge chairs were in a sad state - most had hardly any webbing left on them. You had to watch how you sat down. They pool deck itself was done in green artifical turf which certainly could use upgrading. We ate in the hotel restaurant a couple of times and found the food quite tasty and very reasonably priced. It seemed to be full all the time. They also have a lounge that offers drink specials each day. Unbelievable but more times than not, there was an elevator waiting in the lobby to take us up to our room. We didn't find we were ever waiting for an elevator (contrary to some reviews). Overall, I would recommend this hotel for travellers looking for a good priced hotel close to the beach and other amenities. The Ritz it ain't - but clean, affordable and in an excellent location it is!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it !!!!! great value!!!!! ok!!! this was a great trip, i went with a huge group of person (19), i have read some of the bad comments about this hotel but what would you expect from a 2 stars hotel... for me it was just like a needed it, a place to go take a shower and sleep a couple of hours, i really didn't go to hawaii to spend my time in the hotel, i was out must of the time on the beach, walking on the street,surfing, clubing, shopping, luaus party ,and of course drinking all the time.room was clean, clean bathroom, hot water and a small frige to keep your drinks cold, i didnt got a ocean view but it was ok; the hotel has a small bar downstars that we every day after coming back from the beach and before heading to a club or evening activity always stop by and get beer (really cheap)and i recommed the Lava flout really good!!!! only think i didn't like was the pool hours closed at 6 pm, but everything else was good. about parking, yes it is a prepaid parking and cost $10 per day.if your looking for a fancy hotel to sleep,relax, and enjoy all facilities with all the amenities go to a 5 star hotel and stop complainig about this one of course you are going to pay $300 more per night but if you can afford it GOOD FOR YOU!!!!by the way, you must go to NORTH SHORE BEACH beutifull!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jmny
<Content>Great hotel stay!!! Great. Could not have been better. I needed a deluxe room for myself and my two children. Upon check in, they upgraded me to a penthouse suite. When we opened the door to the room, the kids were in shock. The room was HUGE!! Actually, the rooms were huge, as we had a bedroom that must have been 30x30 and a living room that included a full dining room. Not that we needed it, but it was kind of cool. Plus, we were on the 20th floor, looking out at Diamondhead. The staff was as friendly and as pleasant as you could ask. If you need a place to stay in Waikiki, this place will do it for you.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mom_in_butte
<Content>Budget Hotel Stayed 2 nights at the Ocean Resort. Older hotel in desperate need of a facelift. Carpet on the floor of the elevator was extremely dirty, bathroom was in poor condition. Our patio door wouldn't close completely (very old) so we had a LOT of noise at night. Bed was comfortable, had a nice little kitchenette, close to the zoo/beach. But wouldn't stay again. We moved to the Outrigger Reef the next night which was clean, bright, amazing staff and even with the construction in the area was much much quiter. But then again I wouldn't stay anywhere near Kalakua or Kuhio again. Just way, way, way too loud and busy. Classic case of you get what you pay for - reasonable price but don't expect the Ritz.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SPUDISLANDER1
<Content>Great Stay at Ocean Resort My wife and I just got back from 8 days in Waikiki at the Ocean Resort. We had a room on the 2nd floor overlooking the back alley and thoroughly enjoyed it.The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly. Always a smile at the front desk when we went in.The room although rather plain had a very comfortable king size bed and was very quiet.  Location was great because it was within walking distance of everything we wanted to do. We rented a car for 3 days and did not have to drive through the city in order to get to the highway. We found this great. The hotel is directly across the street from the Marriott on the Beach which is very convenient because all of the tour buses leave from there.The Marriott also has a coffee shop which we frequented in the morning and an ABC store which was open till midnight. Since we were on the 2nd floor we could either walk up to our room or take one of the three elevators. The laundry room was down the hall from us and this was very convenient. The day we left we booked out at 12:00 however we were not being picked up for the airport until 10:30 PM since our flight was not leaving until 1:30 AM (Air Canada). The hotel staff made sure that we were comfortable the rest of the day and looked after us until the shuttle arrived. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and thank you Ocean Resort staff for making 2 Canadians first trip to Hawaii a very enjoyable and memorable one.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tuffysoftballmom
<Content>LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION! I stayed with my 3 children and my mom in this hotel during the last week of January. While the public areas were noticably worn, the room and furnishings (although older)were clean and well-maintained. We had a kitchenette which had a small refrigerator, microwave, coffeemaker and cooktop. Bring your own coffee, as the hotel does not provide any. My room also had an iron and ironing board (room 1133)although, if you call and ask, the desk will tell you rooms do not have irons.Parking is 10.00 per day and you must pay daily and pay cash to the attendant. The parking is only for OceanResort guests, but is very limited and worth the 10.00 as it allows you to come and go as you please without the hassle of trying to locate a parking place.The great selling point of this hotel is the location. Located in almost the middle of Waikiki, we were several blocks from the Oceanarium Restuarant, International Market, Zoo, Aquarium, and two blocks from the beach. This made it very easy to walk EVERYWHERE which is great, since there is no public parking anywhere close.I found the hotel staff to be very friendly and most helpful in all aspects of tourist care. The tour guide in the lobby was also great and didn't mind answering questions even though I never purchased a tour from him.I noticed several of these reviews talked about the slow elevators. Between 3:00 PM and about 5:30 PM, the tour buses check in and it is a long wait for the elevators, however, this is understandable, and any other time the wait was reasonable.All in all, if you are looking for a 5 star hotel, this is definitely NOT it, but if you want a clean family-oriented hotel for a great price, this is the place.Just a tourist note: We went to Atlantis Submarine Tours and were VERY disappointed. It was 275.00 for 5 people and we thought we would see more fish and marine life than we did. Maybe it was just a slow fish day, but it is worth mentioning. Also, LOVED Germaines Laoua (bad spelling) ALOHA!!!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Stay at the Ocean Resort We just got back from 5 days at the Ocean Resort. We had a great time. The room was nothing fancy, but it was better than I expected. We had a Deluxe Ocean view wit the kitchenette. It was as described. We had a pretty good view of Waikiki Beach. The room was clean. No bugs or anything. We were on the 11th floor. We saved a lot of money by having lunch in the room. I had no problem getting in the parking lot every day. It is a small lot, but I always had a space and they will hold one for you if you pay for it everyday. For $118.00 per night, it's one of the best values on Waikiki w/kitchenette. Sounds like people are not enjoying the cheaper rooms. After 5 days there, we spent 5 days at the Turtle Bay Resort. There is no comparison, but I did not expect there to be. Both hotels were exactly what I needed. I would stay at the Ocean Resort again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better go elsewhere. This is one of the worst hotel I have ever stayed. Paid USD86 (before tax) a night (3nights, moderate room, mountain view)for it, and I think with the same money you can get a better hotel elsewhere.One of the receptionist (young female) is absolutely RUDE. The room doesn't even have a kettle, and the you have to pay extra to use the safe which is already in the room. And what the other reviewer said is true - the photo of the room on their website IS NOT like the actual room. The photos are probably 10 years old, hence the room.No one will help you with your lugguage, and I think you have to wave money in order to get the porter to help you.Bottom line:-a) avoid if you canb) good for backpackers, who just need shower  bed.c) but for that price, better go elsewhere.d) don't expect ANY service at all!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>pdmove
<Content>Horrible! This room was awful!!! The lobby was full of kids running around, unsupervised. The parking on-site was full, so we had to park at the Banyan a block away. The surrounding area was very noisy, and when we checked out at 3:00a.m. to catch our flight, there were drunks in the street yelling and using vulgar language. The room was very outdated, everything was well-worn. Definitely not worth the money. We were lucky we were only in the hotel for 7 hours, because I don't think we could have it much longer.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay here again I stayed here for five nights. I booked the hotel thru Expedia and paid about $82 per night plus taxes for a standard no-view room and I was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't expecting much and maybe that's why. The room is a nice size for 1-2 people. It was clean and the staff was very friendly, although they are a little understaffed.The hotel itself is in a good location, about a 7 minute walk to the beach. Plenty of restaurants are a block or two away and a Starbucks about 3 blocks away. Also, they have wifi access in the lobby. However, my room was on the second floor and I was actually able to log on to my computer and connect from my room which is very nice for those who care about those things. Beds are standard for this category of hotel. Not the most comfortable, but it'll do. Bathroom was small. My only real complaint was that my room looked out onto a parking lot and a ramshackle building across the way. So if you want a view of any sort, you should definitely pay extra for it. For the money, the location, nice staff and a clean hotel, I would definitely stay again. Just don't expect luxury if you book. It's a standard hotel.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tangohotel
<Content>there have to be better choices. hotel is very dated. stayed 1 night on way to new zealand in december and also 2 nights on way back to canada in january. both times the rooms were not very clean.tried to extend stay 1 night and could not get an answer from the front desk until the very last minute. elevators are very slow. front desk staff seemed indifferent to requests from a variety of patrons as we waited in line. suggest only good for a layover or short term stay.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>berrybliss
<Content>More cheeky than enjoyable After 30 minutes of explaining to the staff who were were and what room we had paid for, we finally checked in. We stayed in a deluxe kitchenette, and the rooms and the views were lovely and well accommodated. The restaurant at the hotel was garbage. The waiters were rude and obnoxious, and did not seem to have any of the foods that we ordered off the menu.The biggest advantage of this hotel is how close it is to the beach.Be careful, as once we were home, we realised that the hotel had charged us for the safe key and for a security deposit on our credit card, when we had originally paid for them in cash (the exchange rate worked out better this way for us). Only after calling the hotel several times was our money reimbursed.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chicken1979
<Content>Dig It! OK:Room I had was a moderate ocean view room on 12th floor.Room was cleaned daily, bed was comfy, air con worked, could see sunset and beach from balcony, large shower, clean dresser, everything worked, tv had 35 channels woohoo!Only thing about room I didnt like was that the shower pressure was average and it went hot and cold a bit- but no big deal.Pool was clean.Internet was fast and at 15cents a minute, not too expensive.Restaurant served good sized meals and well priced specials and was of good quality.Location was 1min walk down to the beach, 5min walk to the gym (very important since the resort didnt have one), right near restaurants etc, about 10min walk from international market place and all the good stuff.Tour guides were extremely helpful!I will definitely go back to this place. Definitely exceeded the 2star I was expecting!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel for the frequent budget traveller I was a little skeptical of this 'budget' hotel at first but I took a chance. I booked online so it was even cheaper! I stayed at the Ocean Resort for 10 days and the service and the room was wonderful. If you plan on staying in your room most of the time then room service might be a problem. I was gone most of the time, so as long as the room was clean before i got back at night then it was fine. The staff were all courteous and very helpful and most of the hotels in Hawaii have there own tour guide or info center right in the hotel, for your convenience. The view wasn't that great but if you want a great view of the beach then why not just go to the beach!? I felt very safe in the hotel, left my passport, valuables and money without any problems. All in all, this was a great hotel for the money!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brodyboy
<Content>You Couldn't Pay Me To Stay Here Ok, lets start with the fact that my Ocean View Room Deluxe barely had a view of any water. I had also requested a king bed and was given two doubles. When I brought this up with the manager [and I do use this term loosely] he said there was nothing he could do as the hotel was completly full. After insisting the room was not satifactory and not what I had booked, he finally discovered an Ocean View Suite that was empty for the two whole days I was staying. Then had the nerve to tell me I could have it for a $5 a night upgrade. I was insulted and continued to press my case. He relented. He then discovered the room has not been cleaned and explained that they didnt have housekeeping staff on at night and that the priority of cleaing rooms was guest staying there first and they left dirty ones if they were going to be empty.But it gets worse. I kept my double room [although I should have left] and, the next morning, walked down to the beach for some breakfast. It was around 10 AM and, as we left, we said good morning to one of the three housekeeping staff on our floor. We returned around 3PM [did a bit too much shopping] to find our room not only not cleaned but the door wide open! After asking the houskeeping manager how this happened and not getting and answer, I visited my friend the manager. He told me he was sorry and he would try and find out what had happened. After checking to see if stuff was missing [which, thankfully it was not], I returned to the front desk to chat with the manager. He still did not know what had happened and couldn't tell who had last been in my room as he did not know how to work the computer system for the key card locks. I felt very unsafe at this point.And the best part, when I asked why my room had not been cleaned...his response was that they clean the empty rooms first and guest who were already there second. I would not directly say he was lying but the two different explinations regarding housekeeping were not the same.In the end, he offered to buy me dinner at the hotel restaurant where the average entree was $8.I left and checked in across the street.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Terrific Hotel       Kitchen  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cookie2crumb
<Content>Loved the ocean resort Hotel is in a great location, very clean, staff extremely helpful and friendly. Had a great view of the beach from our room. Nothing bad to say about this place at all. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meowmix318
<Content>Great Place for your money!       Pearl Harbor  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ldapearson
<Content>We had a lovely view of the alley from the Mezzanine Floor This hotel was listed as better than the other hotel we stayed in during our visit to Hawaii, perhaps because of it's proximity to Waikiki Beach. However, apart from having a wider range of cable channels, nothing to write home about. Room was clean, and porter did store our bags for 2 days before we arrived (at low cost) however we'd rather have a better room further away from the beach for the same $$'s. Does have Internet Access in lobby (15c/minute!!) and was handy to TheBus and Waikiki Trolley routes. I guess it's perfect for someone who wants to spend every day on the beach, but better value for money found elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>silverjym
<Content>Totally unimpressive I had booked a two week stay here in September in a Deluxe Ocean Front kitchenette for $99/night. Based on generally positive reviews, I was very disappointed in this hotel. This very drab room was good sized, clean but extremely worn with threadbare curtains and carpet, minimal banged up furniture and everything very worn in bathroom. Toilet seat was broken. Bath towels were thin and rough. Bath amenities were a bar of soap and shampoo/conditioner. Lanai had one chair (for a double room). Kitchenette had cube refrigerator, microwave and sink, one plate, two glasses, two mis-matched cups and four forks. Deluxe Ocean Front here means view of two somewhat distant slivers of ocean between other large buildings that are between this hotel and ocean. For a hotel to advertise ocean front one should receive a reasonable view of the ocean.The parking is a huge issue. When I checked in nobody mentioned prepaid parking reservations so when I returned in the evening there were no spaces available. The Waikiki Banyan across the street ($8.00) had a convention so no spaces available and there is no street parking. Ocean Resort's valet told me I could park in the zoo's parking lot several blocks away. He said night time parking was free. Wrong! I received a parking ticket for $35.00.I disagree with those who consider the neighborhood safe. Walking back from the zoo parking lot at 8:30 in the evening I was accosted by someone trying to sell me marijuana. I mentioned this to the valet and he said in a couple of hours the hookers would be out to join the marijuana sellers. Morning traffic is extremely noisy in Waikiki with delivery trucks and tour buses jockeying for space. Delivery trucks arrive as early as 5:00 a.m. Ocean Resort is on Paoakalani Avenue which is a major truck delivery route and bus pick up for tours. Truck and bus drivers are constantly honking at each other to try to get access into this narrow street and into hotel driveways. Because this area has such a density of high rise hotels the sound just amplifies and goes straight up. If you have issues with street noise, this is not the hotel for you. Based on the poor condition of the room, the extremely limited parking and the morning noise, I checked out and went to the Prince Kuhio which for less money provided a lovely, well cared for, sound proof room with plenty of parking. Also, staff there seemed happy to have my business--they thanked me for staying with them!Check in and check out at the Ocean Resort was fast with polite but totally uninterested staff. When I checked out the next morning there was no quiry why I was leaving 13 days early--perhaps the front desk is very accustomed to customers leaving after only one night?  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CyberChar
<Content>Perfection!       Small table that can fit your snacks bought next door at the ABC store!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JohnnySox
<Content>Great value and location We stayed here 5 nights the end of October 2005. Walk to the beach, very clean, older hotel but nice. Ask for the ocean view kitchenette, it is worth it. We had the stay and drive package, ocean view room, small kitchenette and rental car for $122 per night before taxes. Only two blocks to the beach, parking in the lot next door was $7.50 per night. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best hotel value in Waikiki - you'll love it!       our room - 1115  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aloha2hula
<Content>Great Location and Value I recently stayed at this hotel. I live in Waikiki actually 2 blocks from this hotel, and walk right by it amost everyday on my way to the beach. I stayed there with some friends (yes, I could have stayed at my condo, but I wanted to have a nice mini-vacation for myself with my friends at the hotel). This hotel is TRULY GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY. It's not a high end stuffy hotel but offers great feaures.1. clean comfortable rooms with decent amenities and hotel staff (very customer service friendly)2. located on the better end of Waikiki Beach (about 1 block or so to Waikiki Beach)3. bus stop is out the door and across the street (The Bus is only $2.00..for now) and can take you around the Island, downtown, airport, Ala Moana Mall for shopping)4. Hotel has a coffee shop/restaurant but you are a very short walking distance to many places to eat (Starbucks is just a very short walk)***************************MY WAIKIKI HOTEL OF CHOICE NOW FOR FAMILY AND FRIENDS  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheNewsGuy
<Content>Great Value and Location We had a rate of $70USD and stayed six nights. One block from the beach and at the corner of the BUS stop - Great bus system in Oahu - go anywhere (Hanauma Bay not to be missed). Changed rooms from the north (Kuhio) side to the south due to noisy bus and truck traffic on the main street. Other than that it was a good clean room with all the amenities you need. A bit small but that did not matter at all. Would definitely go back if we got close to those rates again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>netty_in_uk
<Content>Good base for exploring We stayed at the Ocean Resort as part of a longer trip/tour which included other destinations so we didn't actually choose this hotel, it came as part of the package.Firstly the location is great, a 2 minute walk to the beach/main touristy road through Waikiki. We stayed for 7 nights and found the hotel to be a good base for exploring. We had a deluxe kitchenette room without sea view. The room was quite large and reasonably comfortable although it was a little tatty. The rooms and communial areas are really just in need of a coat of paint and new carpets.We had 2 breakfasts in the restaurant which were ok and 1 evening meal which was poor - there are plenty of much better places to eat in Waikiki.We didn't use the pool as the hotel was so close to the beach but it is very small.Generally found the hotel staff a little unfriendly/unhelpful except the maid who was friendly and the man in the gift shop next to the lifts who was incredibly rude!To sum up I'd say this is a reasonable hotel, not the best I've stayed in by a long way but certainly not the worst (although it was the lowest standard of the hotels on our trip). Most people don't go to Hawaii to sit in their hotel room so if you're looking for a cheap base for exploring the Ocean Resort is fine. But if you're looking for luxury or something for a special occasion you may need to pay a little more and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cruisegirl_7
<Content>Great value for the money... I booked this hotel off Hotels.com based on location, restaurant in the hotel and style of rooms...I was very happy with the result... Now mind you, the room I was in I wanted to start redecorating as soon as I got in it but over, great value for the money.. Air conditioning worked great, beds comfortable, balcony nice.. They have wireless internet in the lobby.. And the lobby is really nice... it has plants and such in the rock wall of the lobby. Used the restaurant for breakfast.. Very good.. And they have a gift shop in the lobby too... I was very happy.... And the kitchette's have coffee pot, small frig and micorwave.. very convenient.. The only complaint about the stay was not finding grocery stores.. But a hint, there's a food pantry by the Cheesecake factory and you can get some groceries for the room...  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DebB47905
<Content>Graet Value for the money       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustDiSwih
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Ocean Resort We just got home today from a 5 day stay at the Ocean Resort and we had a wonderful time! We had booked a deluxe ocean view kitchenette room and when we arrived they upgraded us free to a Penthouse Suite on the 20th floor for our 25th wedding anniversary!! The room was clean and very nicely decorated. The views off of our 2 lanai's were fabulous - mountains and the beach both, and the maids kept it spotless. We never saw a single bug. The fridge was roomy for us and there were plenty of utensils to cook with. The area around the Ocean Resort is a very safe one to walk at night. We had no problems with anything. The elevators were fast- we never had to wait more than 2-5 minutes for one. Everyone was very friendly and so helpful. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brooklyn1231
<Content>Don't know what everyone is talkin about!!!!! I stayed @ the Ocean Resort from Aug 31 Sept 10th 2005. and loved it and would stay there again  again. I had room 1940 top floor!!!...City/Diamond head view with a kitchen! Maid service was great!...No smells anywhere!. Air Conditioner worked great! 2 blocks from the Beach, Zoo and all the stores! All major buses right there, what more could u need! Tours pick u up right in front of the hotel and 1 block away!!! Room smelled nice all the time, maybe cause we tipped the maid everyday!! They offered to take my luggage up to my room! And when I checked out I was able to leave my luggage in the lobby without any cost!!! The only people I found nasty was the car parkin attendee鈥檚. So make sure if u rent a car don鈥檛 lose ur ticket!!! If u need a towel for the beach, just go to the 2nd floor and ask!...Yes, the pools r small, but how big do u need them?!?!, R U in Hawaii to hang out @ the pool?!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great budget resort - room was always clean We stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel from September 26 to October2 and had a wonderful experience there. I am sure some travellers who posted negative comments are used to staying at 5 star hotels, but this is a 2 1/2 star hotel, so don't expect to have 500 tc sheets or duvet covers. Anyway, our room was on the 11th floor so we had a moderate view of the ocean as their website describes, which was true because i was able to see the ocean but not a full sunset since Marriott was blocking my view. hahaha.The location is only a block away from the beach so that's a plus, also, it's on the quieter side of Waikiki. This is a good place for travellers on a budget and why not spend your money on all fun activities such as luaus, renting mopeds, Pearl Harbor, rent a car and driving to the North Shore and etc etc. We had fun, and that's all that matters!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>martrob
<Content>Ocean Resort is a good budget pick. Ocean Resort is your typical Waikiki budget property. Room was clean and in good {but used } condition. A plus is that their budget rooms are facing a quiet back street, so are a lot less noisy than many Waikiki hotels that face a main street.This is a fine hotel if you just want a clean , quiet place to sleep in a good convenient location, and we would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Midnite13
<Content>Ocean View Deluxe - A Must I was a little worried about all the bad reviews I read. This hotel was great. The staff was courteous and professional at all times. Our room was on the 17th floor in Pali Tower overlooking Waikiki. While it didn't have the two beds I requested, I wasn't going to compromise the view. It took a minute to walk to the beach and even less to get to the Tiki Bar  Grill for nightly entertainment. We rented a car and found the valet service to be quick and efficient. Sundries and snacks could be purchased from any of the ABC convenience stores found on each block of Waikiki.The lot was full the first night we arrived but the staff directed us across the street for the same $10 after that they had room for our car. Enjoyed sitting on the balcony in the evening and watching the sunset and surfers. We used the concierge service to book a few tours - I was very disappointed with the daily tour of the Polynesian Cultural Center but loved the 7:30 evening show. If you can find it on your own, take the rent-a-car and avoid the touristy shows during the day. Went to a couple Luau's on the island and toured the coast. Don't swim in the lagoon part of Waikiki (with the breakwater), while it isn't as wavy, it's a virtual cesspool of trash and cigarette butts.I would definitely return to this hotel and would actually ask for the same room which included a table with 3 chairs and a kitchenette with mini fridge.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Delfuego
<Content>A great place to stay. I stayed for 5 nights August 31st to September 5th in the Diamondhead Tower. I stayed with 4 other friends and all of us had a great stay.I really don't understand the bad reviews. Our rooms didn't stink or have bugs, the paint wasn't peeeling and the elevators weren't slow, the staff was very friendly and the views from the rooms were great. Also the breakfasts were great at their restaraunt. The swamp coolers worked great. The location of the hotel is perfect. Just a 5-10 minute walk to Dukes. I don't know what people expect, but for $100 a night. This is the best I've seen.The valet is $10 for a 24 hour period(You need to rent a car). So you can come and go as you like and it's only $10. I felt this was ok. It doesn't take long at all to bring your car around. They have a guy to handle any activities you may want to do. They also have a small bar with very inexpensive drinks. I never went to the pool, but I walked by it. It's on the third floor and it's rather small. But it would be good for a dip after coming back from the beach.I would suggest snorkeling at Sharks Cove which is on the north shore. It's better than Hanauma Bay and less crowded. If you go to Hanauma Bay, go early, before 8:00AM. You will have to wait in line to get in after 8:00AM. You have to watch a 15 minute video and the line starts backing up. The blow hole is cool. Sunse Beach on the north shore is a great beach for the family and not crowded at all. Also don't miss the Dole Plantation. It's worth the stop. Pearl Harbor is neat, but kind of expensive. It's still a must do, but I really didn't enjoy it very much. Another fun event is renting an outrigger and riding 3 waves for $10 dollars. But you have to do the paddling. Also taking surf lessons is really fun if you've never done it before. Other than that, go to Dukes and have some drinks. The view is great. The Mai Tai Bar at the Royal Hawaiian is great as well. Take a Sunset Booze Cruise for $25. It was worth it as well.I highly recommend the Ocean Resort Hotel for those on a budget. Stay in a moderate oceanview room for the best view, but the smallest accomodations. Or you can stay in a Superior Kitchenette for a large room with a not so great view. But all the rooms have great balconies.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MsProzac
<Content>Crazy Woman at Hotel Staff Saves Day I'm a frequent traveler to Hawaii as I am a medical patient who participates in cancer studies. I'm an Ohana and more often than not have had an exceptional experience at the Ocean Resort.I have read most of the reviews of the Ocean Resort and while it's true it's an older hotel, needs a little work and isn't a five star hotel I've never seen bugs or had a problem until this last trip.I was staying in the Pali Tower with a room that had a view of Diamond Head and partial ocean. My last night there I was eating dinner on my patio, watching the sunset around Diamond Head and taking some photos. I captured some great shots of jets as they came around Diamond Head and was enjoying a great meal. Across the way from me was the Ocean Resorts Diamond Tower. There was a woman on her patio who kept staring at me while I was eating. It made me uncomfortable. Pretty soon I noticed that the entire clan was staring at me. I tried to ignore them.All of the sudden there was a bang on my door and I asked who it was. It was the police. I opened the door and there was an Ocean Resort Rep and several officers. At first they thought they had the wrong room, but when they asked if I was taking photos and I said yes they requested to enter my room. I allowed them to and was informed that the person in the Diamond Tower had reported that I was stalking them and taking photos of them. At that time I offered to show management and the police my photos but they didn't feel it was necessary. They left and I thought things were settled. However the person in Diamond tower continued to watch my every move and I finally tried to talk to them. It was hard to hear them because of the noise, but they were not satisfied that I had not been arrested. I requested that management come back to my room, which they did, and the cops came back as well. I then showed them my photos and the cops said to not worry about it. Later on that night the Ocean Resort rep who had witnessed the whole thing came up and apologized to me for the whole mess. She was very kind and thought the situation was really outrageous. She wanted to try to make the rest of my stay wonderful, but I was leaving the next morning. I did ask her to make sure someone addressed that woman in the other building because I felt totally harassed and I was simply taking pictures and trying to enjoy my last night there.For all the negatives that have been written about the Ocean Resort I want to go on record as saying that they were exceptional in my situation and I will stay there again in November when I return. I just hope that by that time that lady is in therapy and no where near me.And for the record, my room was clean, the view spectacular and I really didn't notice anything too bad except for the smell of carpet cleaner in one of the elevators.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OldGuy57
<Content>Tired..Tired..Tired... We stayed at this hotel in August '05, not much positive to say about this property. You would expect the staff at check-in to be helpful, but not in this case. The front desk staff we're more annoyed that it was busy than they were helpful, basically said 'your room isn't ready-come back at 3:00 (it was 12:30)' and pointed to the valet area of the lobby. The lobby was full of luggage all tied together, it was the valet's job to give you a claim ticket, then tie your luggage into the group. When we returned and finally got a room (they couldn't find our reservation, even though we had just checked in three hours prior) it was not quite what we had been led to believe from the web-site. The building is very 'tired' and in need of alot maintenance, from the filthy carpets to the paint chipping and peeling off the walls. In our room I had to put the sliding glass door back on its track just to get it to open and close, both lamps were broken and held straight by propping the shades against the wall, the railing on the lanai was missing screws and brackets loose. We had 'upgraded' when we booked the trip to an 'superior kitchenette' from a standard, I'd hate to see what was in the standard because the superior included a two burner cooktop, a 'small' coffee pot without any coffee or filters ever supplied during an eight day stay and a small dorm-style refrigerator. The only positive was that housekeeping would work around your schedule, except the second day when we had to ask for clean towels, they had taken the used ones but didn't replace them with clean..?..stated they had 'run out' of towels, but did supply some by the time we returned. Avoid the valet parking if possible, $10 a day and you could wait for 1/2 hour to get your car, talked with one guest who's vehicle was damaged by the valet, no apology-just handed him a form to fill out. If you just want a place to shower between trips to the beach and shopping this might be for you, if your looking to relax this one isn't for you, from the 'postage stamp' size pools (4-6 people max) to the SLOWEST elevators in Hawaii, its just not a very good property.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pictures on website were deceiving This hotel was not as presented. The rooms were dirty and the hall had a bad smell. The location is good very close to the beach.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DeeCeeGirl
<Content>Exactly what you'd expect for this value All these reviews are subjective, and as a preface I'ma very laid back, non particular type of person. So...for me and my fiance, this place was fine. It was a GREAT BARGAIN,so we were happy to be in such a good location for so little money. Liek eeryone else has said, its not a hotel you'd want to lounge aroundin, its definitely just a place to sleep and shower. It did feel a little grimy-er than we expected, but it proved to be clean and the staff attentive, so we were happy with out 6 night stay. And truthfully, from the looks of things, most of the Waikiki hotels were either budget like Ocean, or super expensive and luxurious. So if youre gong the budget route...I'd recommend this place-cant beat the price and location.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sfa1996
<Content>Ocean Resort OK for a short stay We stayed here Sunday, 07/17/05. If all you plan to do is sleep and shower in your hotel--then this is a budget friendly place to stay. We stayed only one night at the Ocean Resort and don't know if I could stay any longer.The staff however, was super friendly. The hotel has a great location. It is just in dire need of updating. The carpet in our room was so old and matted, it was gross to walk on bare footed. In our bathroom there was a few stray hairs that were there on our arrival, which made us nervous regarding the cleanleness of our room.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best deal in town i have stayed here many times and found it to be the best deal in hawaii. as far as roaches go yes you will see some but you will also see them in every hotel in hawaii, including the hilton are marriott, its very common on paficic islands.ive stay at the outrigger much nicer but also $300 more a night! this hotel is clean nice and a great location. best deal in town!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>karoleigh
<Content>Satisfactory experience The hotel has a good location a couple of blocks from the beach. You can easily walk to major attractions, including the International Marketplace and the action scene at the beach. The hotel itself is sort of old and tired looking. Our room wasn't fancy, but we weren't expecting much for what we paid for the room. They had accidentally reserved a smoking room for us, and they remedied that for us right away. The lobby has a representative who can sign you up for various tours. We signed up for a luau through this person. If you have the money and are looking for an upscale hotel, this isn't for you. But if you are economy minded and aren't fussy about decor, by all means stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Accomodating We were staying at this hotel from June 25th to July 1st. All the staff were very friendly and the room was very clean. Be sure to book a room with a queen bed and ocean side. The view from the 12th floor was beautiful.Pack a hat for the beach and plenty of sunscreen.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lwagner3701
<Content>This place is GREAT! The rooms at the Ocean Resort Hotel are perfectly fine and look exactly like the pictures on the website. After reading some of the bad reviews posted recently, I was worried; but it was much better than expected. The rooms are clean and I didn't see 1 bug the whole time. The only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars was because of the valet/parking. The guys at the valet are rude and not helpful at all and it took them 30 minutes to retrieve our car. Plus, the lot was full 3 of the nights so we had to find parking on the street. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this hotel for it's awesome location and great price.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you're not a priss, the ocean view        Panoramic view from our room straight ahead  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean was great The rooms are great at Ocean if you are the type that just needs a simple place to stay and doesn't need luxury lodging. It is a 2 star hotel, but it comes with very strong ac and ok beds. The patio/balcony is very helpful to dry off your wet swimsuits. The staff was friendly when I was there. I highly recommend this place for people that spend most of their time on the beach than in their hotel rooms.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grotty We stayed at this hotel for two nights and no longer thank god. The pictures on the website make it look lovely but its really grotty. The whole hotel either needs a serious make over or better still knocking down!The reception area was disgraceful, crawling with ants everywhere and the staff were very unhelpful and unfriendly. The room was clean enough but the bathroom was horrible.I definitley wouldnt recommend staying here, in fact i wouldnt really recommend Waikiki the other islands are much nicer and have a more Hawaiian feel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice for the price We stayed here for a week and had no problems at all. The pool was clean, the room was clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful. We didn't have any bugs in our room and had no unfriendly encounters with any of the staff. The bathroom was clean as well. The room had a slight odor but that comes with any room that's been used by numerous people. I would recommend this hotel as a good budget place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place to stay! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Resort last Oct. I have just been reading some of the negative reviews about this place and I say that if you are expecting a 5 star hotel, don't stay here, but if you are just down to earth and not a nit pickey fusser about every little thing that you may find wrong, this is the place to stay. When we were researching where to stay, we were leary also of some of the reviews that we had read, but some people are different and don't expect perfection, all the time. All the staff was nice and helpful, except the guy in the gift shop, he was rude and very pushy to close up the shop with 20 min left till closing, so we just didn't go back, simple as that, no business from us. Our room was the Dlx OV with the kitchenette , on the 19th floor! Room looked identical to the website photos and the rest of the hotel looks the same as all the pics! When we arrived in our room, we had some water in the kitchen floor where the fridge had been turned off and thawed out and we couldn't figure out how to turn on the fridge, so we called down to the desk and told them the problem, and it was not even 5 min, a fella came up and fixed the prob, cleaned up the water and was very kind! The room was very clean, no bugs found, view was great (ocean view as well as Diamond Head to the left), maid service was great, newspaper every morning, the restuarant downstairs had great food and prices, and short walk to the beach. We stayed 5 nights, with no complaints and will definitley stay there again when we go back.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clynnl
<Content>Not a bad place, would stay again Have just returned from a seven day vacation in oahu, where we stayed at the Ocean resort. The hotel is nice for the money. We were on the 17th floor. The view wasn't to grand, it had a small but nice balcony to sit out on.We paid 97.00 a night with the fifth night free. The rooms were roomy and clean, the maid service was great. The pools are small, the restaurants food okay, at least the breakfast, I wouldnt recommend eatting lobster there,definitely is not their speciality! The front desk personnel was not very with it, the waiter was not very professional, the valet and the bell boys were very friendly and informative, and you can't beat the location. Maybe a three -five minute walk to Waikiki beach. Would definitely stay again, but not the place to go if you want luxury, oh yeah, the elevators are so slow almost quicker to take the stairs!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bug Infested Before booking a hotel I usually read all the reviews. Most of the time I write off the bad and only focus on the good. Until this point I鈥檝e had no problems, however this hotel came along and changed all that. The front desk and housekeeping was great, the valet although helpful, is a little slow. The room on the other hand was a horror story, bugs everywhere! We were on the 12th floor in the tower facing Diamond Head Mtn. The only positive features of the room were the balcony view and the door leading out. Don鈥檛 get me wrong; I know people use these forums to complaint just for the sake of complaining. However, you may want to take heed just this once and have a backup plan if you decide to choose this hotel. Just a word of caution鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sallyhess
<Content>Friendly but inept Stayed here one night, a Sunday, on my way to Australia. It wasn't as nice as the Ohana line and about the same price. Room was ok but would not pay for upgrade. When checking out the next morning, I asked to leave my bag with the bellmen for an hour or so and they were unable to accomadate me, should have just checked out later.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT STAY HERE This hotel is a dump. Once you arrive, you will be shocked. Nothing whatsoever comparable to what they advertise on their website. Their pictures of the rooms, I had to wonder where those rooms were located!!We arrive to find out that they only had one non smoking room. We strongly requested the requirement for 2. When they told us upon arrival they only had one, we checked a smoking room to see if we could deal with it..not. Our deluxe ocean view too funny if it weren't so pathetic.DO NOT BE FOOLED BY PICTURES...SPEND $20.00 MORE PER NIGHT AND GET AWAY FROM HERE. We refused to stay here and the Ocean Resort refused to refund a one night stay for the one non smoking room that they were able to accommodate us with, the problem being we were one of two parties! My colleagues stayed at this hotel only for the view they were accomodated with...the 19th floor. They will not be returning either.Housekeeping and Concierge very nice. Front desk, very rude and unaccomodating. To top it all off, we are all major Airline employees and you'd better believe it that word travels very fast. The Ocean Resort should be ashamed for their misleading ads. You may sucker people to stay once but there sure is alot to be said for repeat guests and word of mouth. And to think that I did much research prior to deciding upon this hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay The hotel is ok only if you are just wanting a cheap place to crash at the end of a fun-filled day. If you want a hotel with beautiful amenities and to really feel like you're in paradise for a relaxing get-away, then this is not the place for you. Very outdated...because it is old, everything just looks dirty, even if it's not. Great location for access to the beach and to Waikiki. Park at the Banyan kiddie corner from the hotel--cheaper, and you don't have to wait for your valet (We used valet for 1 day/night and we had to wait forever to pick our car up). I'd rather park for cheaper and walk rather than wait.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible everything The staff at the desk were horrible, we didn't have any help from them at all. We arrived on a Saturday night and our room was wrong, they wanted us to call our travel agent in Montana to have her confirm that we had upgraded our room even though we had the confirmation papers in our hands. We had to change rooms 3 times upon arriving. We were supposed to have a non-smoking room and they put us in a smoking room. We were also supposed to have a kitchen-ette, never happened all 5 days we were there. The rates are alright, but not worth all the hastle we had to go through to get what we had paid for originally.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>madlexi
<Content>Was OK, a place to sleep. We were looking for a cheap place to stay for one night in the Waikiki area, we didn't want to pay a lot because we wouldn't be getting back until 11:00 at night. We found a good price on the internet ($60.00) The room was adequate, the bathroom was old and a bit grungy looking, but for $60 not bad. Really close to the beach too.If I were looking for a room with a view, I wouldn't stay here. If I were looking for an updated hotel, I wouldn't stay here either. All in all not too bad.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>strongo69
<Content>Great stay I traveled to Oahu for 8 nights with another friend. We are both 24 years old and have no negative comments about this hotel . We usually stay in 4 to 5 star hotels but on this trip we wanted to spend our money on other activities like deep sea fishing, sky diving etc.. So for the price, you can't beat this hotel. Its not a great place to just hang out because the lobby and rooms are farely out dated but, who wants to go to Hawaii to stay locked up in their room. It is 1 block from the center of Waikiki.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AU-NZtrip
<Content>Ocean Resort Hotel We stayed there in April 2005. The room was on the 11th floor of the Pali tower and was spacious with 2 double beds, a 4 chair dinette and a kitchinette. It had a partial ocean view and was clean, quiet and well worth the low price. The hotel is a short walk (one block) to the beach and is in a quiet area of Waikiki. The elevators can be a little slow sometimes. I didn't like food in the restaurant in the hotel. The valet car parking service was courteous and cost 10 dollars per day. On the last morning of our stay, there was a power failure at the hotel but it seemed to affect the entire street since the traffic lights were out also. Had a good time in Waikiki and the rest of Oahu.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>natbob2u
<Content>Nice and Clean I was suprise that this place was as clean as it was. The staff was excellent. They knew about other beaches and if they were safe for beginners. I really like it there. We were on the 3rd floor. If you were on the higher floors you would have to wait for the elevator a little longer. The hotel is in a great location, only a block away from Waikiki Beach and several resturants. The hotel is not a 5 star but it really served its purpose.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Hotel at Reasonable Price My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Resort while on a mini-vacation. The room was comfortable. Had a balcony with partial view of the ocean. The hotel is a block in, so if you don't get a room on an upper floor facing south, you have no ocean view. Even so, the views are partially blocked by hotels between the Ocean Resort and the ocean. The staff was very cordial and helpful. We only ate breakfasts in the restaurant and they were very good and reasonably priced. The only negative, if there is one, is the parking situation. You have to reserve a spot in the small underground garage on a day to day basis. But there is a parking garage across and up the street, less than a block away, and its cheaper to park there. So parking wasn't really an issue. All in all, it was a great stay.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>meems_cat_2004
<Content>A Very Nice Stay My daughter, my mother and I stayed at the OR Feb 17-19, a short stay this time. My late husband and I had stayed there several years ago. We had the Penthouse Suite on the top floor.......not plush but very clean with a lovely ocean view for a pittance compared to other area hotels. Small kitchenette which was totally adequate for our needs. Friendly maid service. There was a cheerleading convention while we were there, but being on the top floor we hardly saw them. I concur about the hotel restaurant....there are other much better places to eat. The front desk staff was kind and helpful. Beach is steps away and tons to do within walking distance. If you want night life, it is only a few blocks to the heart of Waikiki. This is an understated value that could easily be overlooked but deserves checking out.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rosensuesue
<Content>No problems and the price is right My husband and I just returned from 11 nights at the Ocean Resort Hotel. As budget-consicous travelers, we found this hotel to very adequately meet our expectations. Our only regret is that we were unable to upgrade to a room with kitchenette and one at a higher level with a view. They said they were too full to move us, and we were there for 11 nights. Our room was on the second floor with no view, but had a bright room with a king size bed, small table with 2 chairs and a balcony with two chairs. We moved the table to the balcony for breakfast each day and enjoyed the beatiful Oahu mornings. There was a small refrigerator that worked just fine for milk, juice and fresh pineapple. The cleaning service was excellent, the maids friendly, and we never had to make any complaints. The TV worked fine, and we never noticed bothersome noise during the night. We're not fans of airconditioning, but used it serveral times and it worked fine. Being on the second floor, there was no wait for elevators and we had the option of taking the stairway. Never saw a bug. The lobby is bright and clean, though front desk staff could be a bit more friendly. Only had one breakfast in the hotel restaurant and found it to be adequate though nothing special. Overall, I would not hesitate to stay there again. Location is it's chief asset followed by it's affordable rates. It's less than a 5-minute walk to the beach and 2 minutes to the bus stop. As others have said, if you want fancy, go to a more expensive place. If you want a comfortable, clean, economical place to sleep in between days of exploring and enjoying Oahu, give the Ocean Resort Hotel a try. We liked it; hope you do too.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VictorianTea
<Content>Nice Hotel except for the power thing... We stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki from Feb. 8-22/05 and it was the best value (oceanview/top floor for the money) that we have ever had in Waikiki (it was our 5th trip, but first time at this hotel). We were there when the power failure happened (power off for 34 hours, no A/C for 64 hours) but were given the coupons for the restaurant and the promise of a 2-night credit as our trip was pre-paid (we actually have not seen this credit yet as we booked through Expedia). Overall, the rooms were cleaned everyday, new sheets/blankets/towels, etc., vacuumed everyday (except for the power failure days of course) and we found the check in staff to be helpful and very courteous. I was sort of expecting the worst from reading previous reviews of this hotel, however, I did not find any of the complaints people were talking about. Even the elevators (when the power was on) were working reasonably fast. We would definitely stay in this hotel again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK hotel We stayed at the Ocean Resort February 1st to the 5th, 2005. Rooms were nice size. Matresses needs to be replaced. The carpet was ripped in the door ways and needs to be replaced. The hall ways were in need of new paint and carpet. However the location was excellent. The front desk was extremely pleasant. Dave, the guy that books tours for you was great.At one point I thought I had forgot to pack my hair dryer. My husband went to the front desk to see if one was available. They were available -FOR RENT at $2 a day. Don't eat at the restaurant. On their behalf, the room was clean, great location and price was right. We did recomend to a friend.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfied After reading reviews we were concerned about our up coming 1 week reservation at Ocean Resort. We arrived on Jan 25 and left Jan 31. We found the rooms clean, the staff friendly and only a short walk to the beach. We were very satisfied and will return to OC on our next visit to Oahu.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Bad Hotel Considering... I'd really like to give this hotel a 5, but I feel I would be doing an injustice to those who read these reviews if I did. The room was clean and freshly vacuumed when we arrived for our 8-day stay; however, I don't think they vacuumed again. They did, however, change sheets AND blankets while we were there.Unfortunately, the electicity went out in the hotel for a total of 36 hours--a transformer blew and from what I heard it was due to the fact that the other one was extremely old. I don't hold the Hotel responsible for this as it could happen anywhere, except maybe at a brand new hotel. During the 36 hours of no electicity, the staff was helpful and offered glow sticks, free dinner coupons and showers at a nearby hotel, and had the electric company string lights in the lobby so it wasn't completely dark. We were only affected slightly--no hot water, no ability to cook food, and no TV (but we were in Hawaii, so who watches TV anyway). The only thing that upset me was that we had just purchased $50 worth of food and most of it needed to be thrown out. When I mentioned this to the front desk upon checkout, she asked if we still had the receipt (I'm guessing to give us a refund), however, I had already thrown it out. The free dinner coupons at a nearby hotel made up for the lost food, but it wasn't quite an even swap as the other hotel's buffet was meager. They also gave us a 2-hour late checkout after I complained a bit. We chose this hotel because it had a kitchenette and we could save money on food. The first night we were there, the hotplate didn't get hot enough to boil water (it was very old), so I mentioned it to the front desk. In a matter of a few hours, a maintenance man was in our room and replaced the hotplate with a brand new one. We had no problems after that. The kitchenette was well stocked with your basic essentials.For what we paid to stay here, it was worth the money. It wasn't the Marriott next door, but it lived up to my expectations. Most hotels in this area are $250 or more a night. This was around $89. The room was spacious, had a nice dining table with four chairs, pleasant view, and the shower was clean with no signs of mildew. I never saw one bug, fly, or any other creepy crawlers. If it hadn't been for the electrical problem, this hotel would have ranked well above average for the price.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fibes
<Content>Just stayed for 10 days We just stayed at the OR from Jan 24 thru Feb 2. Had reserved room as a package in November. Arrived at about 5:30PM and recieved courteous service and an double upgrade to a deluxe room. Room was large, clean, with 2 queens. Had a nice balcony. Never waited for more than 10 seconds for the elevators over 10 days. Very well satisfied with our room for the price. Would definately stay again. Only complaint is we had a late flight....had to check out at noon....and Ocean Resort wanted $87 for a late check out....outrageous after a 10 day stay.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A clean place to crash I read many reviews on the Ocean Resort after we booked the hotel so I was kind of prepared and didn't set my expectations high. As many mentioned it's very outdated and in need of some repair, but who goes to Hawaii for the appearance of a lobby right? Once you get into your room you'll find that it's clean. Housekeeping did a great job and we were very satisfied with how clean it was. The air conditioner worked great for the most part. It did turn off during the day twice, the service man would just flip a breaker and it would be up and running the next second. The balcony was nice, great for reading in the morning. Most importantly...it was a clean place to stay, all you do is crash there anyways after a long day of playing. So save your money and enjoy spending it elsewhere. We didn't like the restaurant at the hotel too much, theres so many to choose from in Waikiki...not a problem. Try Ezo Giku Ramen right down the way for some great California Rolls and Wonton Ramen Soup..Cheeseburger in Paradise for a fun atomosphere...and Roy's Restaurant for a Romantic Ocean View Dinner (make reservations there).Unlike the last review, I do suggest renting a car...it's the only way to see the Island at your own pace. There's so much more to see and do outside of Waikiki and just cruising down the coast and stopping wherever you want is soo great!! Try renting at Thrify car rental- $40 a day for an economy car. Park diagnol to the Ocean Resort at the Banyan Hotel for $7 bucks a day.You can also catch bus 22 (stops across the street in front of the Marriot) to Hanauma Bay and Diamond Head Crater for $2 a person one way. I just got back Saturday and am already dreaming of going back....  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Missy_9019
<Content>You get what you pay for! I don't know what the complaints are for.. ie, read my title! The hotel is a room to sleep in (very clean at that). The staff isn't overly friendly, but why go to Hawaii to enjoy a hotel's staff?? Makes no sense. Do NOT eat at the hotel's restaurant, it was HORRIBLE! However their bar is just fine for drinks! The pool is freezing, but you have a beautiful warm ocean just a block away! That being said, the hotel is near EVERYTHING! ABC stores are everywhere, the zoo and aquarium are a block away. The Ala Moana (mall) is a short bus ride away. I don't recommend renting a car.. we got around just fine by bus. I would highly recommend the Italian restaurant Matteo's which is about 2 blocks away. It was a perfect stay, for what we paid! We were hardly in the room and didn't waste a whole lot of money.. Great honeymoon! We'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They Don't Know The Spirit of Aloha This hotel has undergone a management change and it shows. The previous management went out of their way to make you feel welcomed, the new management only sees you as $$$$. The old management cherished their Ohana members, the new management doesn't even know who we are. While I still think it's a good value, if they charge you what they say they are going to charge you, but don't be surprised when you get to the front desk that your cost just went up. That happened to me and on top of it they kept authorizing my card and tied up my funds in my account for days. Make sure you scrutinize your bill when you stay there esp other Ohana members because they don't know much about the Ohana memberships they offered in the past.I still think it's a good deal, however the management needs an attitude adjustment because they are unresponsive and like to pass the buck.I was put into a smoking room when I specifically requested non-smoking due to allergies. It was really uncomfortable.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No problem Arrived Dec. 17, 2004 and stayed until Dec. 25, 2004. Hotel was clean and all employees were polite and professional.Stayed in 14th floor room with kitchenette. Had a nice view of the ocean. This hotel is not as fancy as many others, but I did not want to pay the price of fancy. Would recomend this hotel if you are traveling on a budget, but would advise staying on one of the higher floors to eliminate traffic noise. Kitchenette included a two-eye burner, sufficient to fix breakfast and small meals. Also had small microwave and refrigerator.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Budget Hotel in a Great Location Having read some of the recent poor reviews, we were quite concerned since we were holding a booked reservation for two weeks at this hotel for December 2004. We have just returned from those two weeks and truely enjoyed our stay at the Ocean Resort Hotel. The price was much lower than any of the other hotels in the area and the location was outstanding....only a couple of short blocks from the beach. Sure it's an older hotel as are many hotels in Waikiki but it was clean and the staff were outstanding. If your needs require that everything has to be new and without a few wrinkles than this hotel is not for you. You need to stay in the upscale hotels in Waikiki. But, if you're trying to find a good value in a great area then I would highly recommend this hotel. We are going back to Waikiki in three years and we are planning on staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maaz
<Content>Very good value Stayed from Nov 19-25, 2004 ( before we embarked on a 10 day cruise)- had room 1832 - what a view!!!! Rooms were clean, the maid service was good and the people in hotel were courteous and friendly. The hotel is old but everything worked fine. We had a small fridge and hotplate which helped out. I would certainly stay here again. A block to Waikiki Beach - lots going on on the beach morning, noon and night - great family area - this end of beach has the breakwaters to shelter the beach. Many restaurants close by from BurgerKing and Mc Donalds on up! I went to Catholic Mass each morning at 8am each morning on the next block - beautiful church. We walked the area all times of the day and night and always felt comfortable and safe. Just think a large, oceanview room with lanai overlooking Waikiki Beach for under $100 a night - hard to beat that. Parking at hotel is $8 for 24 hours and $7 across the street at the Bayan Hotel (we used that parking - very convient.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Easy place for a two week stay on a limited budget Our group of 10 stayed at the hotel from Nov. 18 till Dec.1 while members of the team trained and particiapated in the 2004 Honolulu International Karate Championship. We were one of several sports teams that stayed at the hotel during the time period as well as several tour groups from other countries as well as the mainland.....This hotel is an older place that is located across from the Marriot....if you want to pay Marriott prices...walk across the street and you get the same view....It is not a Motel 6 nor is it a Marriott...it is an older budget hotel that is located across the street from the main bus routes, next to the ABC store, Wolfgang Puck Express and a great Tiki bar/resturant at the Aston Hotel as well as around the corner from Starbucks, Cold Stone Creamery and another ABC. The beach is one block away and an easy walk...Even if you do not need the refrig/kitchette- go ahead and get a room in the Pali tower with them...rooms are much bigger....Realize that the majority of rooms have double ( full size) beds in the rooms and not queens or king size like at most hotel....also in the other tower ( I can't remember the name) the beds are twins and the rooms are much smaller. We loved to sit out on the balcony and read the newspaper and drink coffee in the mornings or to watch the lights at night....The price was great and met the needs of our team for 13 nights...if we stayed at the Marriott, our rooms would probably have been much nicer but our trip would have probably lasted only 3 nights and left at least five members at home because of the expense. Most folks are only in their rooms to sleep and shower....why pay more....Oh and by the way- I am a Marriott member and normally when traveling with family/business- that is my choice of where to stay...but this trip was different and the needs of the group( mainly teenagers and young adults with very limited budgets) were met quite adquately by the Ocean Resorts and its friendly staff...  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not a Three Star Hotel! Ocean Resort Waikiki is listed as a Three Star Hotel, however every guest should know that it only deserves two (One must be added on just because it is close to the beach!) Seriously, think Motel 6 on Waikiki; very old, dated rooms, needs paint, old uncomfortable, squeaky beds, and kitchenettes where simply boiling water is difficult to do... I would NOT stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>our trip awesome price-killer view-we loved it  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for We stayed here for 7 nights - late Oct 04. We got the Diamond Tower Floor 15. Room was clean but dated. Hotel is getting old and needs a good renovation but still it was clean. It sure isnt a 5 star hotel. I think reading the other reviews made our expectations low so that was a good thing!! Elevators seemed to be a problem in the Pali tower only. Also service is was not flash. We had requested for a queen bed but got two sinle beds and were told there is nothing at the catogery webooked at. We just joined the two beds and the maid was good as she made the bed up as if it was one bed. Close to beach however it is a little bit of a walk after the first few days. No problems with noise etc. Would stay there again just for the price $72 for ocean view and breakfast - hawaiiOne more thing - be aware not to use the lobby phones, on our return we found out that the phone company had charged us $30 USD for 2 mins call. Expensive lesson!! I emailed the hotel and they had a one line reply that the phones are not their property!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Inakika44
<Content>Had an awesome stay I just returned from a 9 day stay at the Ocean Resort. I was there from Nov. 4th -13th. Check in was quick and efficient, we were in our room within 15 minutes after arriving. Our room (1539) was clean and spacious. We stayed in the Pali tower and had a small kitchenette. Yes, the stove is a double burner hot plate, the microwave was small as was the refrigerator, but it was more then adequate for my husband and myself. We cooked our own breakfast almost every morning and we also cooked dinner a few times as well. We could eat on our lanai which had a beautiful view of Diamond Head. It was a 5 minute walk to the beach and the location is close to several restaurants and the main drag Kalakaua. It was great to be able to access all the shops so easily and the close proximity to Diamond Head is a plus as well. You have to check out Teddy's Burger place which is off of Kalakaua and Kapahulu (walk up Kapahulu for a minute, it's on the left) The burgers are delicious and HUGE! I have been to Waikiki 5 times, staying at several different hotels, the Ocean Resort is where I will stay next year on visit number 6. The manager even sent my husband and myself a beautiful gift basket when she found out we were celebrating our 21st anniversary. To top it off, my husband lost his med. alert bracelet in the room and I got a call letting me know they found it and are returning it to us. Take it from me, if you want economy prices with awesome service then the Ocean Resort is a sure bet. You won't be sorry.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tucsonan
<Content>Beware, they stole my credit card number! Hi, please be very careful when making reservations at this hotel by phone. I made reservations over the phone in late September, because I could not find a room rate for January 2005 on the internet site. This was the only time I used this credit card, so I'm 95% sure that this is where they got the number. I received my American Express statement two days ago, and there are $800 in charges I did not make! Someone (I think it was the young man that made the reservation--something was kind of fishy there) bought a new cell phone $165, $325 to Shoes.com, Domino's Pizza, $60, Charlotte Russe $150, and some other smaller charges. Please, be very careful at this hotel if you decide to keep the reservation. I'm going to cancel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it works for budget travelers We stayed at the ocean resort hotel I would say at the beginning of Oct. We had a great time. Now the hotel is for budget travelers. I dont know what some of these people are expecting for the price they are paying. We were on the top floor with an ocean view. The room is nothing fancy, but who goes to stay in the room? The A/C worked fine. There is no bath tub. Just A stand up shower which was fine with me. The room was clean and so was the bathroom. We never had to wait on the elevator. We were there for 6 days. Never waited once. The hotel is maybe a 3 min walk to the beach if that. The staff was really nice. Now for the gay traveler, you have hulas with is a pretty good gay bar, which is 2 min walk from the hotel. And your also not far from the gay end of the beach. Every thing in Wakiki is easy to get too. We walked the majority of the places. I hope this helps.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very smart choice for budget travelers Was concerned about staying here after reading the reviews... The hotel was better than I could have imagined! city view, huge Lanai, the room was clean, no bugs, nothing wrong with the place. The property could use updating for sure and the room wasn't huge but who wants to pay more? I like paying $57 per night. The hotel is 2 blocks from the beach--centrally located. When I visit Honolulu again I will stay there.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel Waikiki October 19-22 on our honeymoon. We had absolutley no problems what-so-ever with this hotel. The room was very clean, and the staff very helpful. When we needed extra towels, they were brought immediately to the room. The elevators were always right there when we needed them, and never had to wait more than a few seconds for one (and we were on the 14th floor). We did not have a car, but because the hotel was in the middle of everything, we walked everywhere. I'm not sure about the other reviews, but we had a great stay! I guess if you are like us, just the average person looking for a good hotel without being picky and needing a five star hotel, it should work out fine. If we ever go back, we will stay there again, and we would recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below par We were given Rm #906: the drain in the washbasin as well as in the shower was clogged and the exhaust air grille in the bathroom was so filthy it couldn't move any air. At the cost of $45 + tax, we upgraded to a De-luxe room: quite good, but not up to de-luxe standards on the mainland. The restaurant's food was just about edible, but the service very slow: an order for two eggs at breakfast seemed to overwhelm the kitchen. For a little more money, you may want to stay across the street at the Marriott!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-so My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel between Oct. 10-15 for our 6th wedding anniversary. We arrived at the hotel at about 1pm hoping that maybe our room would be ready (3pm check-in). Came back at 3pm and our room was still not ready. It was not until after 3:30pm that the clerk told us the room was available. Strike #1. When I booked the trip I requested that there be champagne and flowers in the room. Not done. Strike #2. After having to call the desk to remind them they finally brought it up to our room. The flowers were beautiful but the champagne was warm! Strike #3. The rooms were not impressive at all. Cracks in the ceiling, no coffee in the kitchenette, bathrooms not really all that clean. The pool is a total joke. The only ice machine that I found was on the 3rd floor an 4 out of the 5 machines were out of order. Strikes #4,5,6. The person who runs the gift shop (by the elevators) was rude. Strike #7. Oh, and by the way, the elevators are another story. They were so slow that I felt we spent half our vacation waiting for them. Strike #8. The parking garage was cramped and always full. Strike # 9. Their pitching a shutout huh? OK, I'll stop being so negitive and tell what I did like. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The location is close to the beach. There was an ABC store real close. As a matter of fact they are on every block - literally! The hotel rates were cheap so I guess you get what you pay for. Despite the hotel I did have a great stay in Oahu. Surfed, swam, snorkled everyday in beautiful warm water. I am already thinking about our next trip....it just will not be at the Ocean Resort.G.B.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good stay Good spot for Waikiki, hotel is close to the beach without being caught in the rush of traffic. All hotels are close together. The end of the road that hotel is on is a little less congested. Easy to access from main roads to parkade with car. Rooms a little outdated but renovations are taking place starting in lobby. Staff was helpful, maids were pleasant and helpful. Appliances and kitchens need renovated but they do work. Rooms are very spacious. Airconditioning works well. We stayed on the Drive and Stay package, a really good value for the money. Only ate in the restaurant once for breakfast. Average.Good advice from tour desk. Germaines Luau great!!! Good internet access at public terminals. Money exchange available.Overall good hotel for Waikiki and the price. You really aren't in your room that much.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westexmom
<Content>Satisfactory stay I booked my stay directly with the Ocean Resort. Although I am an Ohana Club member, I was not provided with free hotel/ airport transportation due to a misunderstanding of my arrival time, but after talking to the person at the front desk, I was refunded the charge.The elevators worked fine, and my room was good enough since I only needed it for sleeping at night. The air conditioning worked fine too, and I didn't see any bugs. It's a short distance from the beach, and parking was not a problem since I rode the bus most of the time. The maid was nice, and most of the front desk people were nice. Saw no need to be in a hurry since I was here to relax.When I returned home I noticed that I had been charged for local calls and for the use of the in-room safe, so I called the OR and without any problems, they credited my card for these benefits that were supposed to be free. In my opinion, for the price it's a good place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay there if you have small kids We stayed at the Ocean Resort for 3 days from 10/4/2004. Yes, hotel was very outdated, elevator took forever and service at the front desk was slow as other reviewers said. Those were ok with us -- we got what we paid for. However, dirty floor was unacceptable. We had a 1-year old crawler (they knew about it in advance when we asked for crib in advance and if a cleaning staff was ever there before we checked in, she should have seen the crib in the room) and when we checked in, we found the floor was not vacuumed --we happened to found a shard of glass and pins there, luckily before our baby swallows them. It is a safety issue! Also some nails were coming out from the chest at his eye level. So do not stay there if you have a small kid.We were also surprised that a crib added $25 per night. Plus side was location near beach and shuttle buses (from Aston) was good.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the Price       The view from my room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CherylAS
<Content>Dive in Honolulu I completely forget to write a review of this hotel after we stayed there last year, but I'm doing it anyway because people need to be made aware of what a horrific hotel this is. We found it on Expedia and are disgusted that they could call this a 3 star hotel. We just came back from a 2 star in Manhattan, the Belvedere, and it was absolutely gorgeous. It should be a 3 or 4 star and the Ocean Resort should be 1. The staff there were awful and rude at check-in and check-out. The room was disgusting, and we wouldn't even set foot in the filthy kitchen. The air conditioner was so loud we couldn't even turn it on, even if we wanted the sickening stuff inside to be blown around our room. The bathroom shower head sprayed all over the toilet and everywhere else. Thankfully, we only had to stay in this dive one night after a cruise, before flying home.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hell in Paradise This place is a disgrace, and I agreed completely with the previous couple of writers. First of all, we get this hotel through expedia, relying on its 3-star rating and some pictures of the hotel. We booked three nights in the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel and began the check-in process. We were early and the front desk checked us in but would not give us the room until 3pm, which we didn't find too bad, because the check-in time was set at 3pm, but we were asked to place our luggage with the porter, but the porter is just two guys at the lobby and all they were doing is to put a string tied to our luggages, no security at all. But this is still not too bad, we thought. When we finally reached our room, there comes the real shock. The corridor of the hotel looks and feels like a run-down apartment building in a bad part of town, the carpet is not clean, culled up, the walls needs painting. The door of our room looks like someone had tried to kick in, it had marking all over. Inside the room there are two beds, when we turned the sheets and look, we saw a lot of stains on the mattress and box spring, they are large stains that looked like a large spate of blood or rust or something very unpleasant. This comes with a very dirty bathroom, the towel looks white but smells. Everything is not right.We pre-paid the three nights, and we are stuck with this 3-star hell hole for the three night and totally ruined our vacaction at Honolulu.I have written Expedia to ask them how in earth can they allow this hotel to have a very misleading 3-star rating. Up to now, I have no reply. I will advise any potential traveller to Honolulu to avoid this hotel at all cost.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for I agree with the two most recent reviews. I stayed with friends from 8/18-8/25 in a deluxe room with a kitchenett. This place needs to have a tremendous overall makeover. This place is a disgrace to the beauty of Hawaii. It is dated and unclean. Like the other reviews that gave them the same rating as I did - I encountered the same problems with the staff. Uncaring and would rather give you the round around excuses. I became a Ohana club member that OR offers with special benefits i.e. late check-outs, upgrades on rooms, local calls free etc. Non of these were honored! I was charged for the local calls and unable to upgrade or extend late check-out. Instead, I was told I need to book with the hotel directly to receive these benefits rather than booking with Expedia. I argue with the front desk clerk Kim  Michele, when booking with Expedia - you are given choices of numerous hotels and I choice OR! This should count for some benefit! I ended up paying for the locals calls and parking! I gave them back their card. Parking is not available to all guest. You will have to check on availabilty each day, and this is a hassel to find parking in Waikiki that is affordable. But the most horrifying thing of all - this hotel has roaches! I alerted the staff and it went unoticed! Sheets are only changed twice during my stay! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Don't let the pretty website fool you! This is a horrible place!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>konafun
<Content>horrible this hotel should be torn down,it is a disgrace to the beauty that is hawaii.We stayed there four nights the sheets where changed twice.The floor never vacuumed.We had a kitchenette and the hot plate was almost rusted through we did not use it for fear it would catch on fire.The bathroom was disgusting.The paint was peeling off the walls.When we arrived at noon we were informed that our room would not be ready until 3pm,we were told that we could leave our luggage with the porter but when we saw that all they did was leave it in the lobby with a cable through the handels we decided to put them in the rental car which we had to park across the street at another hotel.Every time we used the elevator it was at least a ten minute wait.I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy, anyone who would give this hotel a good rating most probably sleeps on the street under a piece of cardboard.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place is terrible. I can't understand what the other reviews are talking about! We knew we had made a mistake the second we arrived. For starters, the frontline staff are incredibly slow. Even though there were only two people in front of us, it took them nearly half an hour to get to us to check in, even though the people in front of us were also just checking in. When we got into our room, we were immediately unimpressed by how unclean it was. The style is extremely dated and the bathrooms look like they haven't been scrubbed in ages. Our key card would only work once out of every ten times I inserted it into the lock. At one point my wife had to go the bathroom so badly she had to go back down to the lobby because the key card simply would not work. I got new cards three different times but none of them worked any better than once out of every ten inserts (if they even worked at all). On our first day they did not clean our room until after 4pm after I called the front desk. To top it off, we were in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, yet that didn't seem to prevent the jackass across the hall from smoking pot and cigarettes in his room as much as he wanted. I complained to the manager three times and they didn't do anything about it. I asked them if we could be moved to another room because my wife is allergic to smoke and they said all they could offer me was a smoking room. I then asked them why they didn't just move the morons across the hall into that room but they didn't reply. Finally, there are two towers with the swimming pools in the middle. On two occasions about 15 teenagers jumped into the pools after 1am making tonnes of noise and the managers did nothing.Don't let the pictures on the website mislead you. This is not a 3 star hotel. It may be cheap but the problem is you really get what you pay for. The staff don't seem to care about trying to make you happy and the low price attracts frat boy college jocks or rednecks.Only upside was the location which is two blocks from the less crowded part of Waikiki and one block from the park. Other than that, if you can afford to spend a little more for better quality, you should. I know I will next time.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in its class Let me say at the outset that I can afford much more expensive hotels, and I have stayed in them at times when the mood has suited me. However, most of the time, I just want a clean, quiet place to sleep, and I want a fair price. The Ocean Resort Waikiki suited me almost perfectly. It was close to Waikiki Beach (at the Kapiolani Park end, where I wanted to be). It allowed me to drive out of Waikiki relatively easily without fighting the traffic congestion found at the McCully or Ala Moana exit sites. My room in the Pali Tower was exactly what I had expected for the price ($74.00 per night, which included a rental car). It was a little time-worn, but nevertheless clean and comfortable, and the maid service was friendly and helpful. I really had only two complaints to speak of. First, there was no ventilation fan in the shower/toilet room. Second, the parking facilities were woefully inadequate: terribly cramped with an insufficient number of spaces. I eventually paid $7.00 per day to park at the Waikiki Banyan, kitty-corner from the Ocean Resort with its main entrance on Kuhio. As it turned out, I didn't mind the short walk, and I always found a space for my car there. Bottom line: I largely recommend the Ocean Resort in spite of the two caveats that I just mentioned, especially if, like me, you hate to spend money on frills that you'll never use. This hotel is a great choice for the economy-minded traveler.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, clean place to stay! Stayed at the Ocean Resort for 9 nights (July 23 - August 1). Had a kitchenette in the Pali Tower on the 5th floor. The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff were great! (A little tip everyday goes a long way!) Always cleaned our room everyday before noon. The front desk staff were always busy and when you asked them a question about buses, trolleys, or general direction information, they kinda acted like you were a bother and didn't tell you right anyway, so I quit asking. The bellmen were great. If your flight is at night (our check-out was at noon), they will keep your baggage for you. (Remember to tip!) Yes, they do tie a rope around your luggage and leave it in the lobby. BUT they are always right there watching it - it didn't bother me in the least. The swimming pools (two of them) are on the 3rd floor. They were very clean and had a nice sitting area. (The water was a little cold, however.) The resturant was good and prices were very reasonable. We ate there 3 times. I don't like crowded resturants that well - and this one was never crowded. They have internet access in the lobby. It is 15 cents per minute and you can feed cash into it. That is a little pricey but I just wanted to check my email and I always had enough time when I put $2.00 into it. There is an ABC store right next door and the beach is just a block away. You can't beat the location! It's wonderful. This hotel is not the HILTON and if you are going to Waikiki on your honeymoon, anniversary, etc., I would recommend another fancier place to stay. BUT if you just want a nice, very clean room and cheaper prices, with a WONDERFUL location, I would definetly recommend this hotel. When I go to Waikiki again, I will be staying at Ocean Resort.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best for the Price Although older this hotel is a great great place to stay. We arrived July 14 and left on July 22nd 2004 Our room was on the 15th floor in the Pala Tower with a complete ocean view although the Marriott and the Aston Waikiki Beach did block some of the beach our view was great. We had the room with double beds with kitchenett and shared with brother and sister-in-law we were all celebrating our 32nd anniversaries together while on the island. The rooms were clean and well maintained and only a couple minutes to the beach or the park. All this for $95.00 per night. The room was always cleaned by noon and was clean. Coffee on the Lani every morning and views of the beach were daily highlights for us. All the staff at the hotel were plesant and helpful just all around good. We could have paid more to be on the beach but this hotel has the bang for the bucks. We plan on returning to Honolulu and will certainally stay at the Ocean Resort again. We have already told our children to get ready to go this next time.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected I was extremely nervous about staying at the Ocean Resort Hotel, after reading all the reviews over the last few months. We stayed from July 13 - 22 inclusive, as I had to photograph a wedding at the Hilton Hawaiian Village on the 15th July.I was very nicely surprised with the hotel. Ok, it looks a little shabby, but, to be quite honest, so did most of Waikiki. We upgraded about 2 weeks before we left to a Kitchenette, and asked to be located as far up as possible. We were given a room on the 15th floor, that faced a hotel on the other side of the road, but I didn't really care - we were basically only in the room to sleep. We also had a car included in our room rate, which was $107 plus taxes per day.The room was huge and clean, the king sized bed was comfortable and everything in the room worked well. The shower pressure was great, the housekeeping service was done everyday and we received a complimentary Honolulu Star (I think) every morning, except Sunday. The reception staff were very helpful - and I always find that if you smile and are nice about your request, you usually always get what you want. I used the email facility in the foyer every day to contact my children and the service was efficient, and quite reasonably priced ($1 for about 7 minutes). We didn't ever eat at the restaurant, and the guy in the weird little shop downstairs eventually even said hello when I walked in (I consciously worked on charming him inot it!).I'd just like to say something about all the complaints I have read about the lifts. We stayed in the Pali Tower and when we were there, there were a lot of sporting groups with at least 50 people in each group and tour groups staying in the hotel. The longest we had to wait (and we were on the 15th floor) was about 2 minutes. Having said that, we spent a lot of time for the first 4 days we were in Waikiki at the Hilton Hawaiian preparing for the wedding I had to photograph. The lines to check into that particular resort were AT LEAST 30 people deep, every single time we were there. The Rainbow Tower, which is the tower that faces the beach and is gorgeous, has 6 lifts in them. My friends were staying on the 4th floor, and had to wait 15 minutes - that's right 15 minutes - to get a lift 4 floors down. Their room's rack rate was $550 a night....ours was $107......If you ever read about slow lifts, go and sit in the Hilton foyer for half an hour. So all in all, it was a greaty stay - we come from the Gold Coast in Queensland in Australia, which is just like Waikiki, so I'm pretty fussy about my hotels. This isn't the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but for the price it was excellent. This was my first trip out of Australia, and I really, truly expected a flea-ridden dog box, and was pleasantly surprised. Stay in a kitchenette room - its bigger and better equipped.Aloha!....and sorry for rambling on, but I just HAD to have my say.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Resort, Oceans of Value I stayed at the Ocean Resort from July 9th - July 16th. THE LOCATION WAS AWESOME! The hotel is very close to The Bus, which I used frequently to travel around the island AND it's very close to the beach, eateries, and convenience stores. I didn't know what to expect from this hotel but I was pleasantly surprised. I traveled alone and found the front desk to be very accommodating in holding my hotel door key just before I went body surfing. I was pleased with the Ocean Resort and would use it again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location this hotel has a great location and thats about all.the bell staff was the worst i ever experienced. would not help us with our bags and when we needed transportation outside of their usual companies the did not help or offer to help. the hotel has virtually no signage out front and you can go right by and never know it .the lobby bathrooms were closed the entire 6 days we were there.the bathroom in our room was leaky and dirty, the shower and toilet had been painted and looked like something from a bad movie. the hotel parking lot was full our entire visit so we had to park in a building across the street. the worst of all 38 a.b.c. stores is right next door however. the restaurant was o.k. .the location is great but i do not reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sylvia1900
<Content>Better than I expected.... I stayed here for two five day stints between june 1 to 6 and the other between june 10 to 15. I came to honolulu with 3 other people so we had two rooms both times. We were fairly apprehensive as to what this hotel would be like but all our worrying was for nothing. Our first time around was fantastic. They put us in two rooms beside each other right on the top floor (14th) of the diamond tower. We didn't even have to ask!! The rooms were completely basic.....bed, tv, air conditioner, table, 2 chairs, fridge, shower, toilet, and sink but nicer than i expected....and super clean as well. Don't expect new furniture or decor because you won't get it here. Yes, things in this hotel are old and faded but that doesn't mean they are dirty. It just means they're old. Our view was great for the price we paid (80 canadian dollars a night).....probably 55 or 60 american, i'm guessing. For this price you won't get any closer to the beach which is 2 blocks away. We never went in the pool but we did check it out and its just like everybody says.....not all that appealing....but seriously who comes to hawaii to swim in a pool??? The restaurant is cheap (particularily the breakfast) but the service is nothing to rave about. We found this to be true of almost all the restaurants in hawaii though. The servers are spoiled here.....almost all the bills come with a reminder that it is american custom to leave 15 to 20 percent as a gratuity. I'm a server and am pretty lenient when it comes to judging others service but never have i so consistently had bad service ever. The best service we got was at TGI Fridays and we ate at a lot of expensive restaurants. Don't go to Cheeseburger in Paradise....worst ever!!! Ok sorry back to the hotel. To respond about others complaints.....our elevator was never slow and our hallway was extremely clean. The housekeeper always had our rooms done up by 12 or 1. But we left her 10 dollars. A little tipping goes a long way with the housekeeper. The one thing that does suck is that the showerheads are very low. If you are taller that 5 foot 5 you will have to duck your head or bend your whole body to wash your hair. When were done our first 5 nights we requested that we have the same rooms when we came back not really thinking they would make a note of it. We were pleasantly surprised to have the exact same rooms except one floor down for our second stay. Again the rooms were basic but clean. My room did have one small problem. Our drain had a minor clog in it. That is probably the worst thing I could say about my whole stay at this hotel. There are a couple other things but they are minor....you have to pay for local calls but i always used the pay phones downstairs....they were cheaper. And you have to pay for using the safe. These extra charges didn't bother me but thought i'd include it as an FYI. The hotel also has internet access at 15 cents a minute at a couple kiosks. Another hint to those on a budget.....buy yourself a hawaii area entertainment book. It will save you a ton of money if you are planning on doing all the touristy stuff and if you plan on eating out a lot. Overall I was completely satisfied with my stay here and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great deal I got an incredible rate on this hotel: $54/night on expedia. (Rack rates are posted as $130). It's basic but just fine. It's a high-rise--my 14th-floor room had a little balcony and a view of the back of Diamond Head. It is only 1 long block to the beach, and right on Kuhio Avenue where all the buses go--very convenient. Lots of shopping and restaurants, and tour buses stop at the adjacent Aston Waikiki. The room was small, with 2 twin beds, but very clean and comfortable, with a refrigerator. There is a small Astro-Turf pool deck with two small pools and soda machines. The hotel also has a restaurant and a gift shop, where you can rent hair dryers for $2/day (!). I'd stay there again for such a low rate.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>starnite
<Content>Good value and convenient but bathroom not clean This hotel is only 2 blocks from Waikiki beach and a block away from the bus stop, making it very convenient and easy to get around. Like everyone has already said, there is an ABC store 陆 a block away, so getting what you need is easily within reach. Contrary to what people said, we didn鈥檛 find the elevator to be slow, but then we might have been staying in a different tower. We had to walk to the back of the hotel to get to our elevator and we stayed on the 2nd floor with a view facing the rooftops of other apartments, nothing to brag about for sure. The receptionist told us that this was the only floor of rooms available given the price (cheapest) we paid on Orbitz. Though the hallway was dark and dingy, the room wasn鈥檛 as bad. It was small, but at least it appeared clean. And like everyone said, you don鈥檛 come to Waikiki to stay in your hotel room the whole time. The things we didn鈥檛 like about the hotel were that the bath tub was a bit dirty and clogged up every time. The front desk (worked by 2-3 receptionist) seems to always be busy so if we want to ask about anything, we would have to wait in line for probably around 5-15 mins. (which we didn鈥檛 do since we couldn鈥檛 be bothered with since they didn鈥檛 really convey friendliness). All things said, given the price and location, this hotel is definitely worth considering. Just don鈥檛 expect it to be a 5 star resort because it isn鈥檛.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the ocean resort 6/17 - 6/28, 2004. It was part of a hotel/air package. This is a budget hotel so don't expect the marriott. The price was great and we were very pleased with our stay and will stay again. The room was clean and the housekeepers were very attentive everyday. It's only a five minute walk or less to the beach and very convenient to everything. When vacationing in hawaii, all I need is a clean, safe place to stay and that's exactly what I received.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tiger0921
<Content>Great value at the Ocean Resort My husband and I stayed in the Ocean Resort on the 6th floor, city view for 6 nights in June. For an older hotel, the room was clean and neat, though showing wear and tear, especially in the shower. If you're tall you're going to bending down to rinse your head. The hotel staff was very helpful, the tour desk helped us out alot on the tours and attractions we wanted to see during our stay. I recommend using shuttles and the city bus, right at the corner for trips rather than some of the expensive bus tours. We didn't try the restaurant, but did stop for a $3.00 Mai Tai in the small bar. The pools are a joke, so it's a good thing the beautiful beach is close by!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value We visited honolulu and Waikiki the first week of June to celebrate our honeymoon. We stayed at the Ocean Resort and had an absolutely wonderful stay. The hotel was just like the pictures online and its of couse not the Hilton, but it was so close to the beach and for the price you couldn't beat it. We had a room on the top floor with an excellent ocean view. The carpets were fairly new and the room was spotless. The beds are like any other hotel beds, but it provided a good nights sleep. The floor in the bathroom was a little outdated, but then again, we didn't go to Hawaii to stay in the bathroom. We never ate at the restaurant, it seemed a little dead, but I can't judge the food. The staff was friendly and the rooms were always cleaned promptly. The pool area was very clean. We did laundry once and the laundromat was decent. Take your own detergent, though. It's $1.25 to wash and to dry. Plus the cost of detergent.There is an ABC Store right around the corner (and on every corner) for drinks and other items. I would highly suggest taking your own bandaids, because you'll get blisters from walking everywhere (even in your most comfy shoes). They're very expensive to buy in Waikiki. Our overall experience in this hotel was great. You can't get any closer to the beach for this price.   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Resort.....Definitely Not a Resort!! This hotel is definitely nothing fancy. If you have the money to stay somewhere nice, don't stay here. The location is good, about 2 blocks from the beach. The parking is ridiculous, there are only about 30 spaces for parking in this huge hotel. We had to park at the Banyan Garage and walk which was kind of a pain, but the price was good-$40 for 7 days. The staff and housekeeping were all very nice, unlike what I had previously read on here. The elevators are also not slow like I had also read. The room was very big, but the carpet was gross and the kitchen area was really outdated as is this entire hotel! They desperately are in need of a remodel!!! The restaurant also did not look very appetizing! All in all, this place is fine for people on a budget, but I would not take a family with kids here because the pool area is pathetic! But, who comes to Hawaii to sit at the pool or sit in their room when the beach is just 2 blocks away??  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, 1st impressions of customer service mean soooo much! My boys arrived in Honolulu today for a graduation celebration this being our gift to them. Arrangements were made through a reputable travel agent. Desk people at the hotel put the boys in a room far from what was promised and said that was all they could do. I had to scream about it, but was finally helped by a manager to pay more and get them into a decent room. Then they said they could not take my credit card via phone. Ok then, how do you suggest we pay?! Customer service means so much and I will not recommend this place to anyone if they expect any sort of customer service. Yes, we finally reached a posotive outcome, thank goodness I sent a credit card with my son. Problem is, now it's maxed out at the beginning of his vacation. Thanks for the customer service....  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cleo2020
<Content>Moderate Hotel one block from Beach Desk Staff efficient, not overly helpful or friendly. Restaurant staff efficient and one was friendly. Breakfasts start at $4.15 and pancakes are surprisingly good. Safe key costs $3.50 a day. Two pools on third floor are utilitarian at best. Small additions to the pool area would make a BIG difference. Maid staff was friendly and accommodating (tipping helped). Ocean view from room looked like the one on website. Carpets were clean, elevators quick, and small fridge in room, but NO coffee maker. Hotel's west entrance is right on Bus line-north to Downtown or south to Diamond Head. Almost all tour buses pick up in front, at the Aston on Waikiki Beach or across the street at the Marriott. A convenience store is half a block away for phone cards, munchies, drinks. There are fireworks on the beach every Friday and Saturday night and a free movie on Sunday. The International Market Place is six blocks away and souvenir heaven. Best time to buy is at night between 9-11, just before it closes and vendors in the very back will give better prices. Aloha Island Tours offers good prices and will upgrade for free if they over book.   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to write home about but not the worst I've stayed at This hotel was what I expected for the price. Nice location, older hotel but clean, horrible parking...but that's anywhere in Hawaii. Everyone was exactly right about the elevators being slow. A tip: If you want your room cleaned before 4pm, place the hanging placard on your door knob. One side says do not disturb the other says Please clean this room as early as possible. When we used the placard our room was clean by 12N...without it..good luck! The hotel staff was not the greatest. We arrived at 11pm Hawaii time...2am our time and the front desk staff required the signatures of every single person staying in our room....even the minors. When the signatures didn't meet his standards, they were required to sign their names again. He could not give me any explanation as to why this needed to be done. Needless to say, I had a bad taste in my mouth before we ever got checked in. The pool was nice (although extremely cold) and there was never a crowd so it was great for sunning. Since returning home, there have been additional charges placed on my credit card and no one seems to be able to explain why...still waiting on a response from the hotel. I don't think I would stay at this hotel again, as I would spend a few dollars more and stay at a nicer hotel with friendlier staff.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Meakes
<Content>Big rooms, But dirty The rooms were quite big but not clean. It is an older hotel and pictures on the internet are deceiving. The restaurant was closed a couple of times when we wanted to eat and the pools were very small. If you are looking for a cheaper hotel this is the one providing you don't mind the look of the rooms.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for the price My family and I stayed here for 6 nights in May 2004. 1.5 blocks from the beach, bus stop across the street, bus tours pick up on this street, lots of parking at the Banyan (kitty corner from hotel). We had 2 rooms. Room1 was a superior kitchenette on 9th floor of Pali tower-got for $55 per night. This room had 2 double beds, a small dining table with chairs, lots of drawer space for clothes, TV. Room2 was on 6th floor of Diamond Head tower-paid $55, but this was actually a deluxe room. This one did not have a dining table, but actually had an extra twin bed in the corner in addition to a king bed. We didn't really cook, but used the fridge and kitchen counter space. Both rooms were clean, airy, and very big. Room 1 had partial ocean view, between 2 buildings. Room 2 had a view of diamond head volcanoe. Both had lanais/balconys with plastic white chairs. I did not find the elevator that slow at all, but i guess this is an opinion which is all relative. Hotel generally has 3 people at the front desk, 1 person at the tour desk. I'm very particular about sound, and both these rooms were very quiet, even though the 400+ room hotel was completely full. I would definitely stay here again if I could get a rate of $55-$90 a night. I hope this helps!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean, great staff, very affordable!! For the money... This place is great; its right next to many attractions, and a block from the beach. If you spend alot of time in your hotel room this may not be the place for you, but why would one fly all the way to Hawaii to sit in their room?   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great affordable stay!!! We stayed at the Ocean resort in April2004 we got a deal on Orbitz for a standard room with two twins for cheap! So for the price it is well worth it we were on the side where the elevators were quick the service was great are room was cleaned daily! in room 611 there is a small ocean view which was nice to sit out. The beach is literally a two min walk so close which was nice. I would definetly not reccomend the resturant downstairs Yuck! But for a quick lunch the Wolfgangpuck express was affordable and good! So if you are looking for a cheap clean place to stay this is the place. Great location!!! Friendly cleaning staff. Also if you can afford one of the ocean suites it is so worth it ask for the Oahu suite!!!   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1Hawaiifan
<Content>Ocean Resort...Not so nice I stayed at the Ocean Resort April 29-May 6th. Let me start off by telling you the good points. It is a great location to the beach and most shopping. The other plus is that it is very inexpensive, but you get what you paid for. Another point I would like to make is that I wasn't expecting the Hilton or anything. When we first arrived, I thought the hotel looked nice and the lobby was neat too. When we went to check in however, the staff was very rude and I couldn't hardly understand what the woman was saying. Our room was on the 9th floor with a little ocean view. The hallways smelled of mold and the carpet in our room had many dark stains. The room was not even close to being clean, the bathroom might I add was the worst. It seemed like that every time the maid cleaned our room, she forgot our towels. As you walked out of the hotel to go to the beach, you will for sure smell sewer smell along the way. Every day this is what I encountered. Yes, this hotel is cheap, but that is because I don't think they ever clean your room and because the staff is not friendly at all. I would never stay here again. All I wanted was a clean place to sleep, but they didn't deliver that. Hope I helped.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outdated rooms, too many single beds, close to the action. Good hotel if you like to be in Waikiki close to everything and want to spend less than $ 100. Be careful if you definintely want to share a bed...many of their rooms come with two single beds to a room. Might be worth spending the extra $ 20 to go to one of the nicer hotels in the area.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable and affordable it;s about a 30 minute drive in traffic from airport to hotel. i had an ocean view on the 7th floor however the view was partially blocked by other hotels. room was clean. staff was good. resteraunt in hotel had strange hours but food was reasonable and good. early bird specials were the best buy for the money. two pools on the 3rd floor lacks heat and towels but you are in hawaii and its hot so use the sunscreen. jay who helps with tours was very informed and just great. the beach is only 2 blocks away and local store abc is just 1/2 block away it has everything from the paper to souviners to fresh fruit. everything really close by. trolley,bus,cabs or just walk to everything. i would stay here again.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Spirit of Aloha at Ocean Resort This hotel isn't the Hilton Hawaiian Village, but it is such a bargain and even the restaurant has great food I just love staying there. Why spend all your hard earned cash on an expensive hotel room that you won't be in? I like the Ocean Resorts simplicity and the fact that they provide refrigerators and descent air conditioning are added bonuses. Plus if you dislike huge crowds it's better to stay away from the shopping area of Waikiki and Kuhio Ave. O.K. the hotel is older, the carpet does need replacing, but they take good care of me every time I stay there and for my money they are the spirit of Aloha.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth the money I was at the Ocean Resort in mid March on work and for some vacation. Stayed 9 nights. I travel quite a bit so I know what to expect for what you pay. I've stayed a pricey hotels and received nothing, and stayed at cheap hotels and received the kitchen sink. This hotel falls towards the middle. The price is well worth it. I stayed for only $80/night, and recieved 1 night free. The location couldn't be much better. Just a few minutes from the beach at 1 end of Waikiki. Also, it was convenient in my travels to other parts of the island for work. The room was nothing to write home about but the beds were clean, comfortable and made by time I came home each afternoon. If you are on a honeymoon, spend a few extra bucks and get a classier place, if you are jsut looking for a vacation hotel, this is easily a good choice. Who needs to stay in there room in HI other than to sleep anyways?  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected.... I guess I will start off by saying that I have definately seen worse. BUT....This hotel was not what I had expected it to be, especially after seeing pictures and the like online on several different sites.We paid approximately $106 per night for 6 nights and got a night free (the promotion that the website that I booked on was running). Yes, most hotels on the island were pricier, but I'd rather have paid more than to stay in this hotel. To me, this was not a great value. The lobby area is quite deceiving as is the outside of the hotel. It looks pretty decent based on both areas. When we were showed our Superior Kitchenette, I was pretty suprised. Not only did it smell like mildew, as did the halls), but the kitchenette was pretty dirty. The floor was nasty and the vents were disgusting. They looked as if they hadn't been cleaned in months. There was a coffee maker and electric burners, both of which I would not use, even if someone paid me. The bathroom was also not that clean. I made a pretty disgusting discovery on the toilet seat, it was a body hair (and it wasn't from someone's head, I will say that much). The overall decore of the room (and the hotel, for that matter) was 70's. This hotel is in need of some serious renovations. Even the highchair that I had to put my son in in the hotel's restarant was the oldest model I have ever seen. We had called the front desk to complain about the condition of the room (after finding the hair). We were told that we had two choices. We could either tell housekeeping exactly what we wanted cleaned or we could downgrade to another room that was going to be on the 2nd or 3rd floor (we were currently on the 10th). So, much to our dismay, we agreed to have housekeeping come in and clean. It definately still was not as clean as it should have been.At one point during the week, we were trying to kill a flying roach that somehow got into the room. Definately not the highlight of the week.The pool area was also pathetic. There are two pools. One appeared to be quite dirty, as the water was really cloudy. The next day, it was still cloudy. Needless to say, we did not spend much time at the pool.I was highly, highly disappointed with this hotel. I was not expecting high class w/all of the amenities, but this was well below standards and hardly what I would have paid $106 per night for.We had some family staying at one of the Ohana hotels for less money. The Ohana Village hotel blew the Ocean Resort away by far in every area. It was updated, clean and refreshing.The one good thing about the Ocean Resort was the location. It was only a block from the beach and there were numerous shops and restaurants around. I will also say that the front desk staff were very nice.Well, that about sums it up. Honestly, you might be thinking that I am just a picky, picky person. I really am not. All I ask for is a clean hotel room. I am sorry, but this hotel just does not cut it. Do yourself a favor, keep researching hotels.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great 3-star Stayed December 2003, March 2004. Returning December 2004. Great location, Great price, Great staff, Great price. A hotel that is well worth the lower price. A very high 3-star property. Yes, it is average but the location and the price make it a super deal. No, it is not the Marriott or the Sheraton Moana but you are not paying for that. The Marriott is right across the street. The beach just a very short walk. I think it takes longer to shop the ABC store then it does to walk to the beach....3 minutes max.!!! The rooms are plain but clean. Maid service was every day before 1pm.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Resort Hotel--great value We booked this hotel as part of a package using WWTE (--------)Upon arriving we were upgraded to a room with a kingsize bed and a kitchenette. The room was a corner room with a wrap around balcony that had a partial view of the ocean. Our room was clean and roomy enough to be comfortable. The staff was very friendly and the maid service was good and we did not have a problem with our rooms being cleaned late in to the day. The elevators were not slow as some had reported but they could use a fresh coat of paint. We rented a car and parked in the Banyon garage across the street. The parking rate for the week was $30 and was going up April 16th to $40. The daily rate is going up to $7. We did not eat any meals at the hotel but the restaurant did seem to be busier than others had previously reported. I would stay here again because you are in walking distance of most things. Buses and trolleys are available to travel but if time is important then rent a car if you want to go outside of Waikiki Beach. If you want your money's worth and don't mind an older hotel then stay here, you can always visit the newer hotels and enjoy their lobbies, etc. The hotel is only a short walk to the beach and within easy walking distance of many restaurants/shops and the International Marketplace.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaiTai
<Content>Good Value We booked through Expedia air/hotel package stayed at Ocean Resort Hotel for 5 nights (3/28-4/1). This hotel is right behind Aston Waikiki Hotel and across from Marriott. We requested connecting and non-smoking rooms but did NOT get any of these request. The lady at the front desk told us non-smoking rooms were not available at the time. They put us in the smoking units on the 4th floor, which is really noisy because of the traffic. Both of our rooms are rated as Superior Kitchenette. We were expecting a full kitchen but this was not the case. It has a mini-fridge, mini-microware, a portable electric two-burner, and a coffee maker(with no coffee). The location is excellent, 1 block from the beach and at the quiet side of Waikiki. Parking across the street at the Banyan Hotel is $5 for 24 hours. This is an older hotel but they keep it clean. Room cleaning is done at around 3PM. If you like swimming in the pool, don't stay at this hotel. The pool is on the 3nd floor and nothing is special about it. If you're going to stay her, request for 8th floor or higher. Like earlier reviews, they nickel and dime on everything. Local phone call is .75 cent. Calling card/800 number is $1 each. Internet access at the lobby is .15 cent per minute.Will we be staying here again? properly not. We like the location but the hotel is only so so. We may try Aston Waikiki or Bayan Hotel next time, which is right next to this hotel. They looked newer from the outside.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value i picked this hotel versus other budget hotels in the area based on reviews from this website. . . Ocean Resort exceeded my expectations! I had an i dea of how close the hotel would be to the beach, but let me tell you, it is SOOOOO close! like not even 2 minutes walking distance! The staff was very courteous. . . we put the do not disturb sign on our door after the 2nd night because we made such a big mess in our room that we didn't want them to have to pick up after us (they did after the 1st day), and they called us to make sure we didn't want our room clean, and asked us if we needed anything else like extra towels. . i've stayed in many hotels and i don't ever recall the housekeepers calling to see if we were okay =) that was so nice. . we had the room with the small kitchenette. .the room overall was such a good size. everything was imaculate upon our arrival. probably the only complaint i have about the room is the shower. it worked fine, except for the fact that the water temperature would not be consistant. . i would be in the middle of a warm shower, then all of a sudden it would turn icy cold, then really hot, then back to warm. . this happened a few times, but not enough to irritate me. . . oh, maybe one more thing, the parking is verrrrry cramped. . . i didn't realize that there were other parking options, so i parked at the hotel, and most of the time it was soooo cramped in the garage!. . . we didn't have any troubles with the elevators like others have said. . and the restaurant downstairs was pretty good for the price-we ate breakfast there. . you can get a full breakfast for less than $5. . . similar breakfasts at other restaurants were like $8-10. . . . Basically, if you want a clean and friendly hotel in a great location for a budget i would suggest this place =)  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and value!!!! We spent a week here  were completely satisfied. Past reviews told of slow elevators  tired rooms, but we found none of this to be true. We booked hotel  flight package  were pleasantly surprised with location, friendliness of staff, price value,  atmosphere. We will most likely be back!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money, clean  The hotel overall was clean. Carpets were new. Maid service was done by 1pm. The staff was friendly. We did ask for a wake-up call at 4:30am the day we had to leave. They never called. I'm glad we set the clockradio. The shower head needed to be cleaned as the water didn't flow very good. But those were the only complaints. The way we looked at it ... you are not spending your time in Hawaii sitting in the room so if clean and comfort is what your looking for.. this is it. We didn't park at the hotel as it was $8. We parked at the Banyon across the street for $5 a day. If we return for another visit.. I wouldn't rent a car..there's plenty of public transportation to use..the traffic is as bad a Chicago during rush hour. ..Overall we had a good time and hated to leave....Aloha  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value No luxury but great value. Location beats hotels four times as expensive in Waikiki. Clean room with good service and friendly staff. I will definately stay there again. But ...... don?t go near the restaurant. Probably one of the ten worst I?ve been to, during more than twenty years of worldwide traveling.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value..Good Service Great Hotel for the value. Got Hotel and Flight combo two weeks before leaving and was pleasantly suprised. Got comp-ed to a Ocean view and was suprised by the size of the room. As I have stayed in Waikiki before, I knew that parking was a problem, but had no problems at the hotel (8 per day). Paid three times as much for the same room two blocks away, so i was happy we stayed so close to the beach. No problems with the elevators being slow, and they had new carpets. Staff was nice, didnt go to the restaurant because it always looked dead. The two concerns were quite minor. One was the maid staff was great. Nice and did a great job, expect that they didnt finish cleaning my room till 4:30 pm. Second was the travel/trip guy at the front desk wasnt too nice and was always trying to sell you crap. BUY THE HONOLULU AREA ENTERTAINMENT BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We saved over $200 in 5 days on food, trips and tours! its great...Would def stay there again.....  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was on point !! Greal place to throw paper airplanes ... I highly recommend this spot .. as well as the curry place down stairs.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great base for the price... We have just returned from staying in the Ocean Resort for 8 days Feb 21...29th 2004 It has a great location about 150yds from the sea front with all the eating places within 500 yds (Hamburgers in paradise 400yds away)  In the other direction literally about 50 yds away the bus (the name for hawaii`s transportation system) stops and there are many buses to and from the Honolulu area and beyond. The fare is a flat $2 anywhere on the island..2 blocks or the North Beach! beware going too far the seats have a very thin layer to comfort your rear end!  All the tour buses and free trams (to the shops)stop in the road the hotel is in which is great..most within 50 yds of the Ocean Resort. We stayed in the Pali Tower in a kitchenette room. It appears the management have been reading this site! The carpets in the lifts, at reception and in our room is practically new! There is only 2 lifts so at peak times you can wait for 2+min for it to come. I have only 3 minor complaints, 1 our electric burners only had one working and having complained to reception it never was actually replaced. 2 The maid was cleaning the room up late in the day (I mean about 4pm) most days so when you come back from a great day on the beach to shower off you had to either wait as she was doing you room or was about to so you could not really relax knowing she would come in soon! 3 As we were married it was not a problem for us but beware that the bathroom only has in it (behind a door) the toilet and bath/shower. The sink for washing/shaving and the like is in the room next to the bathroom door in full view! The garage parking at the ocean resort is a rip off $8 per night! best tip drop off your partner to make the coffee get dinner for you and go and park the car behind the Honolulu Zoo about 10 min walk away for free! Would I stay there again Yes! great for the price but not the Hilton! (or their prices!) Another tip.. the safe in your room is for hire $3 or thereabouts a day. (I think it should be free)  Do youself a favour hire it on the second day (save$3) as your flight probably will not arrive early and you will be in the room all the time so why put your valuables in a safe if you are in the room with them! on the second to last day take the key back before midnight (save anther $3) as the hire is daily. One final thought if you use the phone in your room to dial a 1-800 number they charge you $1 per call!! go downstairs pass by reception to the left there are 5 pay phones there for free. Say Hi to Carlos the Trip Advisor he knows his stuff and actually gives great advice! He told us the round island trip by the bus was great value for $2 but it will hurt your butt..he was right....and it took 4 hours painful or what.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the Budget-Minded Traveler My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel for 9 days, 2/3-2/11. It would not have been my first choice, but we were on a budget. When we arrived, we were told that there would be no air conditioning for at least two days. They gave us two bottles of water and a box of chocolate covered macadamia nuts for the inconvenience. I feared everything was going to go downhill from there. As it turned out, the air conditioning came back on as promised, and we never used it anyway. Like others before me have stated, the hotel is a bit run down and could use a face lift. However, our room was mostly clean, except for a few stains on the carpet. Location to the beach and shopping was great and the staff very helpful. The elevators were EXTREMELY slow! (If you missed the 2:15, you had to wait for the 2:35!) There are washers/dryers on the third floor, along with soda and snack machines. The pools left much to be desired, so if you are a pool person, don't stay here. We were able to extend our noon checkout time to 6:00 p.m. for an additional half-day room charge. I recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for no-frills accommodations. It's a good deal for the money, but I will go to a Marriott or Hilton the next time I visit. Aloha!!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price for a suprisingly good hotel! My wife and I stayed at this hotel for the first 3 days of our Hawaii stay. We wanted a cheaper hotel for this leg of our stay since we planned to be touring most of the time.I made reservations and requested an ocean view. They not only got us an ocean view, but we also got a car rental package through the hotel for just $10 more (good if you prefer to do some exploration yourself).The ocean view that we had was from the 12th floor and looked out between two other hotels that were closer to the beach. However, we still ended up with a great ocean view and were lucky enough to catch one of the best sunsets directly from our room.The room itself was clean, although not the newest in construction. A balcony came with the room which was nice when we sat out and had breakfast.Having a rental car was not as useful since most tours either picked you up from the hotel or was within easy walking distance. This was added to the fact that you needed to pay for parking at a nearby hotel (about $5).All in all, for the price that we paid, this was the most economical, but suprisingly pleasant hotels that we stayed in. I would stay in this hotel again for future trips to Oahu.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant hotel Stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel my first trip to Hawaii in October 2001 and thought it was very nice. Loved the open air lobby and the orchids growing out of the rocks. The room was nothing special but nice. The staff weren't overly friendly, but pleasant enough. When we reported that our patio door didn't lock it was fixed almost imediately. Loved being only one block from the famous Waikiki Beach. There was a convenient little store just down from the hotel. Nice quiet, non-partying people seemed to frequent the hotel. If I'd make one change it would be to put new carpet in the hallways. It was very faded and stained.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, clean with very good location Good value, clean with very good location. Hotel showed a bit of age (furniture, bathroom), but well kept. Very convenient to beach as well as pickup point for tours. Parking available at a reasonable daily rate ($6). Compared to other hotels in the area a good value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>O.K. for the money I am actually at the report now staying trough Christmas. We had booked a room with a kitchenette and when we checked in they said they were having some problems with some rooms and our room was not available, so we were put in a downgraded room.The room is o.k., but for being out here two weeks, we would have liked a kitchette.The hotel overall is o.k., this is our fourth trip out here and this hotel is the least liked of alll of our trips. The water pressure is bad in the showers and there are missing ceiling tiles in the lobby. Granted it is a lower class hotel and you do pay for what you get.The front desk staff are nice and didn't charge us for our safe key since we didn't get the room that we had originally booked. The location is great. everything is whithin walking distance.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lootlover
<Content>Great hotel for the price. We spent 8 days/7 nights there on our honeymon and it was wonderful. The room was clean and the staff is frinedly. Some rooms have kitchenettes. The hotel is located at the end of Waikiki, but everything is within walking distance. If you are one of those people that like to take the bus (why pay for a car that will cost you an arm and a leg to park), the bus stop is right across the street. If you are going to be outside all day, why pay for an expensive hotel room.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not an upscale hotel, but clean, friendly, and inexpensive I was here during thanksgiving 2003 and had a pleasant experience. For the price, this hotel was overall pretty good. I don't like to spend a lot of money on a hotel (hopefully you wont spend a lot of time there), but I like to at least stay in decent and clean places..........Pros - close to beach (1 block), friendly service, tour desk with friendly staff that help you book excursions or even give you directions, advice, etc.., close to bus stop, close to restaurants, computers in lobby to check email (.15cents/min), decent size rooms, nice maids, Fridge in room.........Cons- HARD bed, on-site restaurant seemed a little dead (did not dine there, so Im not sure how the food is).  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why pay more? It's not the Four Seasons, or any other hotel some of us big city types are used to... but if you pay more to stay anywhere else you're an idiot.When you're spending your days at the beach (2 blocks away), and your evenings eating, shopping, and drinking mai tais; that leaves very little time in the room. Even if you include time sitting on the oceanview lanai as we did.Sure the decor is a little dated, but they obviously try harder to keep the place clean. Housekeeping kept our room clean and full of towels. (Try tipping people! A few bucks a day goes a long way.) --Let's put it this way, I'm a germ-a-phobe, but at no point was I grossed out by this place.... I've seen worse things in a few 5 star hotels.The hotel seemed safe, our car wasn't broken into, and using the room safe adds some peace of mind.And the fridge is nice for grabbing some beverages at the ABC store down the street and sitting on the lanai.Realize early on that this is Hawaii.... everything and everyone is laid back..... including the elevators.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location! We just got back from Hawaii and stayed at the Ocean Resort Hotel. I found it a clean, great hotel for the money. The location is GREAT! 2 blocks from the beach; one block from the zoo and a short walk to all the shopping and restaurants one could want. Also close to the International Market - a nice place to browse and buy gifts to take home. The restaurant has great prices and good food - but is a bit slow in service, so give yourself lots of time if you eat before a scheduled tour. The $3.50 a day for the safe key was well worth it. We stayed there before and after our cruise. Both rooms had a small refridgerator and ice trays (the only ice machine is on the third floor). The rooms were clean, quiet and we had no complaints. The nicest person at the desk was Kim, everybody was a bit too busy to answer questions or offer help. Ocean Resort would not allow us to pay extra for late check-out or early check-in because we booked through a travel agency. I booked the hotel through Expedia/Hotels. The bellman will keep your luggage locked next to his desk for you. We found the bellman to be quite helpful for getting us transportation when we needed and offering advice on other items. All-in-all, for the money, we couldn't have asked for much more!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! Me again, who relied on internet pics, traveladvisor.com  price when booking a place to stay! I found the Ocean Resort Hotel a great bargain! Stayed 3 - 8 November  weather was great! Neat, clean, friendly hotel. People I met in Waikiki complained of the noise from their hotels on the main streets, but this one was nice  quiet! I left my balcony door open each night  didn't hear a thing! My room was the cheapest single room available  it was basic, but still VERY nice and who stays in anyway?! It was clean and big enough! No fabulous view, but I wasn't there for the view from my room! :) Nice queen size bed, cable t.v., table  two chairs inside room  two chairs on balcony. Aircon.  fridge. No hair dryer or coffee, but they still supplied me with shampoo/soap  clean linen everyday! I just stocked up on coffee/sugar/milk  water at the nearby ABC store. Charge of $3.50 per day for safe use in room. Two large, clean swimming pools on 3rd floor, with lounge chairs  a good view, if it's too windy to sun on the nearby beach. Staff very friendly  helpful, especially Jay, the tour organiser in the lobby! Internet access, 4 terminals,  6 phone booths also in lobby (recommend pre-paid calling card to save on costs!) Hotel is two small blocks from main drag and close to everything, including International Market, Zoo, Aquarium, Diamond Head, Trolley buses. Lots of cheap restaurants nearby for budget travellers. For info. of Aussies looking for somewhere to stay, I found that a certain well known airline travel book had this place listed for triple the price that was on Hotels.com!! My advice, shop around and use tripadvisor.com to your advantage! We don't go this far to sit in our rooms..do we?! I'll be staying here again!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what I expected not fancy but clean place to sleep Visited Oct 28 thru Nov 4th 2003 First time in Waikiki. Ocean resort was our choice because of price. Older Hotel but mostly clean. Rooms are very large and roomy. We stayed in the Pali Tower which has either a city view or Diamond head. Go for Diamond head less noise from the street. We were booked in the 4th floor and asked to be moved up in hopes of a view. For 10 dollars more a night we got the 18th floor. slight view of Ocean and great view of Diamond head. Great room but the elevators are SLOW would we come back ? yes if we were on a buget. But like someone said who stays in their hotel room wih the beach just a walk away......Aloha  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Budget Hotel I stayed at this budget hotel and found it to be very good for this price range. I got a free upgrade to a family room as the double rooms were all taken, which is what I had paid for. Paid $135 for 2 nights through Expedia. The room was clean and there was good housekeeping services Waikiki beach was only a 3 minute walk. Parking is cheaper and easier at the parking station diagonnally across from the hotel. Pool area was a bit desserted but who needs it when the beach is so close.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>Great Location, great deal as a frequent traveler to HNL, I stayed here for a weekend away from it all. It is not glamorous and is in need of a makeover, but for the price, it is the best deal in Waikiki. Forget the pool, but who uses a pool in Waikiki? One block from the beach, very convenient an ABC store is nearby for all your water/snack needs. The room was fine, old, but clean and the staff is very accomodating, definite spirit of aloha. If you want something special or are a first time visitor, this is probably not the place, but if you are looking for bargain prices, a clean room and shower to enjoy the sights of waikiki, go for it.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ashleybrookdee
<Content>Clean, friendly, good location My husband and I just returned from here from our honeymoon. By no means is this a resort but it is nice, clean and friendly. We decieded a head of time that we did not want to spend a fortune on a hotel room we would not be spending much time in. True enough the halls and carpet are a bit worn but this is an older area and hotel. Our room was clean and in a great location only one block from the main strip and beach. The do charge $8.00 per day for parking but that is at most hotels as well. The elevators are extremly slow! But everything in Waikiki is laid back and slow including all service in resturants. Overall we had a great experiance. We recieved a free upgrade on our room as well. At $59.00 per night for an ocean view in Waikiki beach it was not bad at all.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redsilk
<Content>Bargain we stayed here in july 2003. I agree with most reviewers that the hallways needed a new coat of paint and definately new carpets!. First impressions were not that good and we had a lot of reservations about our room after. Overall the room was bigger than anticipated. There was a small kitchenette which came in quite handy to store drinks and water cold. The room was clean, carpet was new ( i think). Well at least it felt and looked new. and bathroom was clean too.The furniture style was old but clean and good condition. Some staff was friendly and more helpful than others. Don't bother with the pool which is very small. The ocean is just a 5 minute walk away. It's a little distance of a walk to the shopping areas (15minutes) but it's a pleasant walk by the beach. it's also near an abc store (convenient store) but so are all the hotels in honolulu. i would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Resort Waikiki Just returned from a 7day vacation to Waikiki. Bought the package from Expedia together with the airport-hotel-airport transfer. Was very glad that I paid the extra $ for the transfer because Expedia staff were waiting at the gate soon as we alighted from the plane. Made everything easy and smooth. I had bought the basic no-frills package so no leis for us, which was just fine. The very friendly greeters helped us get our luggage then escorted us to the waiting shuttle, then off to the Ocean Resort. This hotel is on the eastern side of Waikiki beach, just a short walk about 1block to the beach. Its on the other side of the the Waikiki Marriott where most tour pickups are. The hotel is a bit old, carpets in the elevator really yuckky because a lot of beach sand ends up there. Housekeeping needs some improvement - my daughter had dropped a skittle candy on the floor and was still there 3 days later. But overall not a bad hotel for the price and location.All the attractions were very expensive but hey, you go all the way to Hawaii you have to spend the $. We attended the Polynesian Cultural Centre luau which cost US$89. The SS Arizona Memorial was free, but we paid for the transportation ($15.00 per person). Climbing Diamond Head was $1.00 but paid $8.00 transportation. For Hanauma Bay we decided to hop on the public bus, adults $1.75 and kids .75. We used the public buses a lot and even that got a bit expensive.The best part of Waikiki beach was the evening stroll. Most people came out after dark when it was cooler and the breeze was very relaxing. Most places stayed open past midnight, very vibrant city.I would definitely think about Hawaii again, maybe Maui for a bit of different flavour, and will definitely book through Expedia again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WireframeReality
<Content>Great hotel if on a budget   showReview(1134619, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Deal   showReview(1076826, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1030635, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>12 time guest and coming back on nov 2003   showReview(929990, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bargain   showReview(855939, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curvacious
<Content>good deal   showReview(853348, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but...   showReview(834446, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort?--not!   showReview(810189, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gemini45
<Content>Ocean Resort   showReview(695740, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recent stay, Aug. 2002   showReview(692921, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hmht
<Content>闀锋湡婊炲湪鍚戙亶銇с仚   showReview(23149922, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銇娿仺銇?> 銇娿仺銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇斻亸鏅€氥€備竴鑸憾姘戙儧銉嗐儷       閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇櫙鑹诧紥  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das beste Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis in Waikiki   showReview(20550386, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bella posizione!   showReview(17430994, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s calme   showReview(15562114, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐒￠洠銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19169883, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仾銈婃牸瀹夈仹銇椼仧銆備究銇棆銇嬨倐   showReview(19169212, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(13191487, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu decu   showReview(13191481, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>interpol
<Content>superbe pour d茅couvrir Hawaii   showReview(10253630, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO   showReview(11657138, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伄瀹挎硦銇椼仧銉儑銉兗...   showReview(21802320, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>decu, suppos茅 avoir le petit dejeuner dans le prix   showReview(11372746, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s pratique. Bien localis茅, central et tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix.   showReview(11333250, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儶銈俱兗銉堛€€銉偆銈偔   showReview(19154778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐗囪█銇棩鏈獮銈掕┍銇欍偣...   showReview(19926804, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儍銈儎銈兗銇ф硦銇俱倞...   showReview(19924292, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銇甿oderat...   showReview(19921025, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇澅銇銇ｃ亾...   showReview(19920441, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌鍥涗汉銇с仺銇亱銇忔牸...   showReview(19918619, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︺€佸牬鎵€銈傘亜銇勩仺...   showReview(19917800, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偄銉┿偆銉虫寚瀹氥伄銉勩偄...   showReview(19916972, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

