<Author>my2girlsAmbler
<Content>Couldn't be better       view from balcony, 11th floor  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrmgo
<Content>AWESOME PLACE       from lanai facing room  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sctbmom
<Content>Great location and size for the money We are currently staying in the Waikiki Beach Tower. The location to the beach is great. You can walk right across the street and it is within walking distance to many shops, restaurants, etc. We have a 2 bedroom partial view and got a great deal. You can still see the ocean from the room, but it is partial and not a full view as there is a building in the way. If that would bother you, definitely opt for the ocean front rooms. Pros:Hotel:Staff is wonderful and very friendly. Ed remembered our name and was extremely helpful. A nice plus from much bigger hotels that don't provide personalized service. Also, the rooms are wonderfully sized. Although we don't spend a huge amount of time in the room, when we are here, it isn't crowded. We have 4 adults and 2 children. The decor is nice and most all units are being or have been updated. I would give the room a solid 4 stars, but not 5 as it is not ultra plush. Rooms are very nice and well equipped, though. We drove to Safeway which is just about a mile away to do some grocery shopping. We ate breakfast and lunch in our room. Saved us some money. Since it is right across the one-way street from the beach, it is very convenient to come up to the room and then go back down. The traffic on the street is not bad at all. Free parking is nice! W/D in room is also very convienient.Beach:The walk is less than 100ft. Very close! We did not have any problem finding room on the beach to spread out. Also, the beach is protected and a perfect place for kids to play without too many worries. Think of it as a huge salt water swimming pool, there is a lifeguard as well. The kids  Dad even snorkeled by the rocks and saw about a dozen different kinds of fish. Sand was great as well. To the right of the hotel, is Waikiki beach, also a great place to hang out and play. It doesn't have the protected (jetty) but awesome for body surfing, etc.Cons:If you are on a lower floor about 5:40 am you can hear the garbage trucks. It doesn't last very long, but if you are a light sleeper you should request and/or pay for a higher floor. The front of the rooms face the ocean, the back of the rooms face the next buildings and streets below. The beds we had in our room were very firm and hard, but others have not complained. We are used to very plush mattresses. The pool is chilly, but the kids only used it while we were getting ready, etc. In summer this probably isn't an issue. And the worst thing is: at some point you have to leave.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>gramsof1
<Content>Loved It!!! I just can't say enough good things about this property. My two older sisters, my 19 yr old granddaughter and her Mom spent 3 short nights here. Oh how I wish it could have been more. Once I called the condo/hotel and made reservations, I had several emails with the reservations manager. I had several requests to make this trip special for my sisters, mainly, because of their age, it will probably be the last trip to Hawaii together, so I really wanted something nice. I asked that our 2 BR, 2 BA Ocean Front Deluxe unit be between the 15th and 18th floors, that we have an 02 or an 03 style unit and that we get one of the newly remodeled units. Every request was met! 16th floor, 03 unit and very nicely remodeled with granite countertops in the kitchen and bathrooms and stainless steel appliances! So nice and so spacious!!! We never got in each others way.We were greeted at at the FREE valet parking garage with a warm aloha and welcome to the tower. We were directed to check inwhich went quickly and we had only been in our room a couple of minutes when our luggage arrived. The bellman put our suitcases in our respective rooms for us and explained some of the features of our unit before he left. Ech and every time we left or returned, we were greeted with Aloha, did yu have a good time, etc! We were totally taken with the staff. So nice and so friendly.Housekeping surprised us each night with bed turndown and candy on te pillow!!!When it came time to leave, our luggage was collected on time and stowed in our rental car.Back to the condo, our view of Kuhio Beach Park was outstanding. We were a few blocks from the International Marketplace in one direction and a few blocks from Kapiolani Park, the aquarium and the zoo in the other. So lovely to enter through a walkway that had beautiful flowers along each side and trailing orchids overhead. I hope to be able to return here one days! I can't wait in fact. I can't recommend it enough.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephie12980
<Content>Feels like home!! We stayed at the Waikiki Beach Tower for 9 glorious days at the beginning of October. There were 6 girls and we had a 2 bedroom suite with a partial oveanview. Even though we were on the 11th floor, the view was SPECTACULAR!!!! The concierge was AMAZING!!!! We needed a van for the 6 of us and they found that a limo would be cheaper, so we got a limo to go to the flea market!!! Everyone was very friendly and always had a smile on their face and greated you with Aloha. They had great opinions and advice on where to eat, where to go, and what to stay away from. We even got to inform them about places that they have never been. We truely miss them all!!! Our room needed to be updated, but it was still a great place to stay for 6 girls and one room. Next time that we come back we will be sure to stay here. We were able to have breakfast on the lanai daily and watch the surfers. Will suggest this place to everyone going to Oahu. Mahalo from 6 vacationing ladies from the midwest  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sanrod
<Content>Excellent place to stay We are two couples in our fifties who travel regularly together. This was our first trip to Hawaii and we stayed in a two bedroom/two bathroom premium ocean front apartment for 12 days from 23rd August to 4th September 2008. From the moment we checked in we were treated like royalty. Our unit 2503 was on the 25th floor so the view was magic. Housekeeping service twice daily, very friendly and efficient with the different little treats supplied each day adding a nice touch.There was not one single thing that we could complain about and we would like to congratulate all of the staff for their committment to customer service. They made our stay a truly memorable one. The location is very close to everything in Waikiki and right across the road from the beach. We found it an easy stroll to the must see areas of the shopping and restaurant district. Hopefully we will return one day.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cecilyw2
<Content>Spacious, clean, friendly and good location We moved to this hotel from another Resort Quest property. We were in Hawaii to visit relatives. We were traveling with a 5 month old and loved this place. The suite was spacious, clean and nicely decorated. There is a washer and dryer and free high-speed internet in the room! Also free valet parking. The staff were all very kind and personable. The location is great if you prefer to be a little removed from the tourist heart of Waikiki (I think a couple of arteries are clogged).We enjoyed renting an umbrella close to Kapiolani Park and spending the morning on the beach and the PTH in the condo with the napping baby.Excellent place, we will stay there again.Cecily  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>randjm
<Content>Great view, great service, great location..great etc       Looking towards Diamond Head  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>judejude
<Content>Wonderful stay and great staff. What a difference great staff make to a place. we stayed here for 7 nights in a 2 bedroom ocean front apartment and the positives far outweigh any defiencies.the positives.1)central location on the main waikiki strip, across the road from a protected beach.2)we stayed on the 16th floor oceanfront room which was relatively recently renovated. nice size rooms and good size balcony.3)twice daily maid service, which for an apartment is a rarity.With two kids, coming back to a clean apt. and fresh towels is a bonus.4)great staff, friendly and helpful, esp. the valet crew.i must single out Mike the general manager. There were a couple of issues with the hot water system and air conditioning and he straight away offered an incredibily generous compensation. the negatives.1)the hot water was intermittent for a couple of days, due to changing over to a new hot water system.had a cold shower one day. but the problem's been rectified.2)the view isn't panoramic due to the building being set back from the street and a couple of tall buildings on either side obscuring side on views. so unless you're above the 25th floor you wont get that 180 degree ocean view.all in all a great place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ganmaster
<Content>A General Manager who truly went above and beyond! I must first preface this review by stating that I came to Waikiki for a family trip with my wife's relatives, our 10 month old baby and some high expectations from the property. I will cut to the chase for those of you who choose not to read the whole review, STAY HERE! The property is not only great for those with families, but for anyone looking for quality and comfort at reasonable rates considering all the space and amenities you get.We booked a deluxe oceanfront 2 bdrm unit and that is exactly what we got. In fact, the majority of these type of units are all recently remodeled, which makes a huge difference. The kitchen area is very practical, microwave, stove, full fridge, dish washer and all the dishes and silverware you need. They even had a rice maker. The one complaint I had was that they did not replace the paper towels and fill the salt and pepper shakers when low. The living room is VERY large and spacious, easily the center of all the living space. The balcony is great, it wraps around the living room and kitchen and provides a great area for rest and hanging wet items. The bedrooms are both very usable. Not much to say here except, no complaints. They also have a smaller capacity washer/dryer and even give you single load refills of tide for the laundry. If you want more, just ask the twice daily housekeeping. The housekeeping comes in a group of 2-3 people and are in and out quickly and very friendly. They even leave you a little snack on your pillow at turn down.As I mentioned, we brought a 10 month old baby and thus, as first time parents, were and are always worried about bringing enough items for the baby and sleeping arrangements for the baby. I even went so far as to email Mike, the general manager of the hotel ahead of time to request a crib and their best crib at that. I had read other reviews below where people were not happy with the crib quality and had to rent them from outside vendors. When we arrived, the condo was spotless, however, the crib was not up to our high expectations. In fact, it probably would not have met our lowest expectations at that. To describe, the crib was made of metal,m about 1/2 the size of a normal crib with a flimsy foam mattress that my dog would not like to sleep on. I called down and spoke to Mike, the GM and he recalled our email exchange and told me that the hotel had concerns about cribs and potential baby health issues by providing bedding and crib pads, etc... I explained that I could not use the cribs they provided and before I said anymore, he let me know the head of housekeeping would go out and get us a crib that was more to our expectation. By the end of the day, the hotel actually went out and purchased a brand new, full size crib made of cherry wood, all the bedding and bumper pads and delivered it all set up to our room. I can not express how much this made our trip perfect, since we had one huge less worry for our baby. Mike truly went above and beyond by making this happen. I can not believe any other property would care that much about guest satisfaction.My best advice is, if you are not happy with something, speak up and let the properties actions speak for itself.If I even go back to Waikiki there is not doubt where I am staying. If you have a family, this is your place.Location wise, it is prime, right across from the protected beaches where the waves don't come directly in, next to the Duke K statue and near all the major shopping. Plus, only 1/.2 mile away, a brand new just opened Safeway Market, which you will make a few trips to, in lieu of the nearby Food Pantry.In addition, you get free valet parking with valet staff that is always courteous and seem to have been there for years. They really help out and serve as the true ambassadors of the hotel.Plus, no need to buy the beach mats, towels, floats, etc... at the ABC store, just ask the valet and they have all the pieces left behind by past guests for you to use.Thanks for being a great place to stay,  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lvthebu
<Content>Love the Beach Tower. It has become our home away from home. Seven years ago, I asked a travel agent to recommend the best place for a family to stay in Waikiki and she said the Beach Tower. We were drawn to the 1200 s.f. rooms, awesome ocean view, air conditioning, pool and great location across the street from the beach. But it is the wonderful staff that has turned our family vacation into an annual trip to the Beach Tower for seven consecutive years. The General Manager, Mike Tasaka, is always gracious and must be a great manager because most of the staff that was there on our first trip is still there today. The front desk is always professional and the valets are amazing. Greg, Mandy, Ed, Russ and his brother (to name a few) always welcome us so warmly and are full of information on where to go and how to get there.We spend alot of time at the beach and love that the guys will hand us beach towels and mats on our way out and take the dirty towels back from us upon our return. (My husband always stores his surfboard downstairs at no charge). The location is very convenient. If you ever get to the beach and have forgotten something in your room, it's only a two minute walk back to the room. The location is also great for dining out since there are so many places to choose from. But since the condos have a full kitchen and dining area, we usually dine in for breakfast which works better for us since we have children.If you have a family of four and plan to stay somewhere for more than a few days, a hotel room gets pretty cramped and a suite is usually cost prohibitive. These condos are very spacious and are perfect for our 7-10 day stays. Unlike many condos, the Beach Tower has daily maid service and a nightly turn down at no additional charge. I love a clean room and our kids love the treats that are left on their pillows every night. Having a washer/dryer in the room is also a plus since it enables us to pack light. I could go on and on about this place...  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aotearoa74
<Content>Don't stay here if you sur I stayed at Resortquest Waikiki recently and was dissapointed with the exremely poor service for surfers. As a long time surf traveller I was informed on check in that I could not keep my surfboards in my room due to regulations - the first time in 12 years of surf travel I have encountered this rule. I initially ignored the requests to store my boards in the storage area until I had no choice due to the front desk disabling the room key. I was then escorted by security with the offending surfboards to the storage area. It eventuated on checkout that the reason the staff were so insistent on storing my boards was that they charge $10 USD per day for the luxury of storing surfboards on a shelf. The same cavalier attitude to charging extended to use of the safe within the room which cost $3 USD a day. Also the food provided for breakfast was atrocious and mainly consisted of fatty mass produced goop (french toast fingers dripping in grease, super processed breakfast burritos etc) - the food may have been ok for US guests but as a non american traveller I found it severely lacking. In summary The Resort Quest has ok rooms and a nice location but they attempt to balatantly strip mine guests wallets at any given opportunity. I would reccomend avoiding this hotel  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>amm63
<Content>Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower makes you feel like a millionaire! First of all, I am reluctant to write this review, as the next time I want to stay at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower it might be all booked up! I have wanted to come to Hawaii my whole life, and I can tell you that the Waikiki Beach Tower did not disappoint. When we arrived, my husband, my daughter and her friend were absolutely overwhelmed and floored with the spaciousness of the unit. The lanai was huge, and had four chairs, a table and a foot stool. We often ate breakfast out there, and the view was outstanding. You could see the beach clearly, and around 7:15 ish, you could enjoy a marvellous sunset. The kitchen was beautiful, with granite counters, microwave, full-sized fridge with ice maker, flat ceramic stove top, and overhead exaust fan, and all the amenities one needs to feel at home (toaster, coffee maker, utensils, dishes, even salt and pepper). The master suite had a tv and a king-sized bed...very comfortable. It had a walk-in closet, with safe (a huge plus), which adjoined a bathroom with two sinks, and in an adjoining shower/toilet room, was a washer/dryer combo, enclosed by a folding door. Having the washer meant we packed fewer clothes and had more room in our cases for souvenirs and Hawaiian clothing. It was a huge plus for washing and drying beach towels, swimsuits, etc. We used it countless times.The girls' room had two twin beds, a tv, and a bathroom next door, which included a bath and shower. Having a separate bathroom for two girls was great, and very handy. It gave them their own privacy and personal space. The living room had a huge entertainment unit, which housed a flat screen tv and a dvd player. This unit was obviously renovated, the decorations were lovely and tasteful, and we were more than comfortable. In fact, the unit was so beautiful that we felt like we were millionaires living in luxury!The location of this hotel is perfect. It's across the street from the sheltered swimming area (breakers off shore), so we felt very at ease, as my daughter is not a strong swimmer. It is right in the heart of everything. We could walk to shopping, several restaurants are nearby, a McDonalds was right at our corner, and the ABC stores were next door to purchase snacks, pop, sunscreen, etc. The walkway to the hotel has flowers everywhere, and there is a fountain with a statuette next to the driveway, which provided a great photo opportunity. The lobby is clean and welcoming, with a flat screen tv and comfortable chairs and a couch. The valet parking was a huge plus, and we enjoyed having quick and easy access to our car. The valets, by the way, were outstanding, and they always were willing to help and to direct us. These gentlemen deserve a lot of praise, as they made us feel welcome and comfortable throughout the entire duration of our stay. We also felt very comfortable having security at the entrance as well. One of the guards was very helpful and friendly...I should have taken note of his name. It may have been Brian. Gregg (one of the valets) went out of his way to explain to us how to get to the Swapmeat at the Aloha Stadium. Mahalo, Gregg! The front desk staff were always obliging. They explained directions, gave me maps, and one gentleman even helped me stick stamps on my postcards!!! The check-in and check-out process was quick and easy...no hassles. The bill was correct and everything was explained to me clearly. The front desk helped us with currency exchange, and they were always willing to give me small change for larger denominations when I needed it. Also, each day we received a newspaper at our door, with a lovely note from the concierge (Karin), highlighting some of the history and attractions on the island. This was absolutely charming, and such a thoughtful add-on to the paper. We enjoyed having twice daily cleaning service. In the evening, the girls always rushed to their room to see the treat that had been left near the bed, by the maid...from chocolate-covered macadamia nuts, to Godiva chocolate wafers, to coconut rice treats etc. The turndown service in the evenings was a lovely touch and we enjoyed having access to additional towels, extra Tide for washing, etc. The lady who came in the evening was always pleasant and helpful.We were on the 17th floor and we had no problem accessing our unit. The elevators were nicely decorated and always clean. We didn't use the recreation area much, but my daughter and her friend did use the pool on one occasion and said it was fine. They were more interested with the easy access to the ocean and Waikiki beach. This particular property is outstanding...take note it is the Waikiki Beach Tower Hotel ( a condominium hotel). The unit we had was a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom unit, with full ocean view. This property is not a regular hotel, and I believe that some of those who wrote reviews in the past may have been confused with a similarly named property in the area. Now that I have been completely spoiled and pampered, I don't know how I will ever stay in a regular hotel room ever again. In fact, on the last day of our trip, I actually sat down on the couch and cried. It was so hard to leave. We stayed right until our noon check-out time, and stood on the balcony for one last look at the ocean. I told my husband that I felt like a queen being at the Beach Tower. I want to extend my thanks to the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower for hosting me and my family. We had to save for this trip for many years. I can't tell you when or if we can ever return, but if we can, we will most certainly choose the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower. I recommend this property highly to anyone and everyone, especially families with children. The memories of our vacation will stay with us a lifetime. One thousand mahalos and Aloha to everyone at the Waikiki Beach Tower Hotel. You turned a dream into a reality, and we will never forget our stay in Honolulu from July 19 - July 30, 2008.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>June116
<Content>The best plae to stay From the minute we arrived till the minute that we left we had nothing but perfection. It was my birthday and the ladys at the front desk made it extreamly special. They upgrated us from a one bedroom to a twobedroom and they even sent up Godiva chocolates and sparkling cider. No matter where we looked we had the best views of the ocean and of course Waikiki beach. The rooms were so clean and very up to date. The valet staff always had a smile and were deffinatly willing to help with directions. I do have to say that the security guard, Brian, did a terrific job. When I go back to Oahu I wont stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>destinationunkown
<Content>A great place to stay we stayed at the Towers June 28th-July 5th taking our kids to Hawaii for a family vacation. The room was great with enough beds for the adults and our three kids. It felt like being in a condo with a kitchen and laundry room . the view was spectacular overlooking the beach across the street. The staff was friendly and very helpful and everything was in walking distance. I highly recommend the following activities: the international marketplace, driving up to the North Shore and Paradise Cove Luau. The only complaint I had about the Towers was we couldn't check in until exactly 3pm no sooner. we had to wait around 3 hours to go up to our room, but it was worth the wait.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NinjaTraveler
<Content>Overall, The "BEST" place to stay for a family vacation !!! Just got back from a 6 night stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower. This was our family's first trip to Hawaii. I spent alot of time reading reviews for all the family oriented locations to stay. We needed alot of space and wanted to be near the beach. Choosing the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower was the best choice we made. Location, Location, Location. Throw on top of that the friendly staff. Can't beat the combo.With a family of 5, we chose the 2Bedroom/2Bath condo. We received a fully renovated room. The condo had plenty of space so you never felt crowded in. Just like everybody says, the lanai is huge compared to the other hotels. The condo comes with a fully equiped kitchen with a full size fridge. If you happen to leave dishes in the sink. The maid will wash them for you. Knowing that there was a washer and dryer in the unit , we did not pack alot of clothes. We used W/D several times. Don't worry about detergent, they keep you stocked up. They do not provide fabric softener sheets for the dryer. No problem, just add it to your list when you stock up on your supply at Safeway on 888 Kapahulu Ave. Other good amenities. Free Internet service. 'Free valet parking. If you check other hotels, they charge a mandatory $18 to $20 a day to use their parking garage if you have a rental. For our 7 day trip, we saved up to $140 staying at the Waikiki Beach Tower.The staff at the Waikiki Beach Tower are alway friendly. They make you feel welcome everytime you get back from an outing.Gregg and Russ at the valet station, Mahalo from each of my family member for making us feel welcome and taking the time to answer all my questions. Any issue we had with our room was responded to immediately within 10 minutes and handled professionally. Thanks to the crew at the front desk and the maintenance team of the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower.Thanks again for a great time. My family will alway remember that great time we had on our vacation in Hawaii. Staying at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower just made it more enjoyable. First choice to stay if we plan another trip.MAHALO !!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mitchnjen
<Content>Great for our Family Vacation We had a great time. Although we didn't get a renovated room, ours was more than satisfactory for our 5 day stay. Beautiful views from our 12th floor lanai. (Literally right across the street from the beach.) Staff was more than courteous and beyond helpful. Our kids, (15,12,8) had fun at the beach and in the pool. Having a condo instead of a hotel room made breakfast, lunch and snacks a real money saver! It was a great experience for our first trip to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ArkansasOrchid
<Content>Our all time favorite hotel/condo! Note that this is a condo-style hotel with full kitchens, living rooms and one or two separate bedrooms. There is a similarly named hotel that seems to be reviewed, sometimes negatively, in this section. ResortQuest Waikiki Beach TOWER is the condo-style facility that I am reviewing ... and it is absolutely fabulous! We stayed for eight nights in a 1200-square-foot, two bedroom suite on the 34th floor and could not have been happier. The condo was clean, nicely decorated and well designed with the living room walled with floor to ceiling windows overlooking a fantastic view of Waikiki. The full kitchen had a pass-through window to the large lanai where we had breakfast each morning. The two bedrooms were on the mountain side (back) of the hotel and had lovely views in that direction. The suite includes an apartment-style washer/dryer and the housekeeper left a box of laundry detergent each day. The ability to do laundry in the room makes packing for an active family much, much easier. We had two full bathrooms in addition to the full kitchen, which worked very well for our group which included my husband and myself, our two teenagers and my mother-in-law. The beds in the second bedroom are twins, but the sofa in the living room makes into a decent double or queen sized bed. The master bedroom has a king bed. The housekeeping staff services the rooms twice a day, including turndown with different Hawaiian treats left on the pillows each night. Parking was free (!), which is no small amenity in Waikiki and you can either have the valet park your car or you can park it yourself since the parking is in the hotel. Valet service was also very quick when we needed our car. The hotel is a little difficult to find the first time because, although has a small front entrance on Kalakaua, you drive into the valet area which is on the side street (Liluokalani -- which is one way from Kalakaua to Kuhio). The hotel is next door and slightly behind the circle hotel which is pretty easy to identify due to its circular shape. Like other hotels in this area, the Waikiki Beach Tower is across the street from the beach, and is right at the area where part of the beach is protected by a wall. That makes it easy to choose whether you want to be in a protected area with smaller children (or you just want to swim without dodging surfers) or you can choose to be in the unprotected area where you can surf, go out in catamarans, etc. The hotel is a couple of blocks from the International Marketplace and within a few blocks of many good restaurants and plenty of shopping. We have visited Oahu many times and have stayed in a number of hotels in the Waikiki area, but I doubt we'll stay anywhere else if we can get a suite at the Waikiki Beach Tower. You can certainly find hotels that are more luxurious, but for a family, I can't imagine a better place than this. Just make sure that you are booking the condo-style TOWER, not a similarly named hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kl6772
<Content>Wonderful Stay at ResortQuest Beach Tower We stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower from Jun 29th - July 5th 2008 and had an amazing stay. Our room was on the 34th floor and had the most beautiful view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. The entire Staff was very welcoming and friendly and made sure our stay was perfect. The bellhops and valets were phenomenal especially Ed, Russ and Gregg!!! Thanks Guys for being so personable and attending to our needs! The condo although a little dated was still very clean and had everything that we could possibly need for our stay.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler01Alaska
<Content>Nothing but problems!!!! This hotel is truly the worst experience we've had on our trips to Hawaii. This hotel is rated highly but the rooms are dated, with many maintenance issues that are not fixed satisfactorily. Our room stayed in the mid-seventies although our thermostat was set on 65, so the extra money we paid for an ocean view was lost as we had to keep our curtains closed to try and keep the room cool. The bathtub drain didn't work and you stood in a foot of water taking a shower - how did they clean the tub with that? While it got fixed, the toilet leaked all over the floor, while at the same time making an incredibly high shreaking noise every time it was flushed. The toilet had to have a part ordered - are you telling me that a hotel with twenty plus floors does not have extra parts for toilets - the most commonly used facility in the hotel?? We were unable to access the internet, had to have someone come in and physically turn it on, yet another time we had to wait in our room to get something fixed. The elevators - they are secure - but when you are supposed to go up you go down and vice versa. One day we had to walk down from our floor to get out of the hotel because the elevators weren't working. We were offered to change rooms but since we had already unpacked, the inconvenience should not be placed on us. This hotel is NOT anywhere worth the money we paid for it and definitely NOT anywhere near the rating given. The response from management was non-existent and the lacksadaisical attitude from the front desk staff was just insult to injury. Whether a family or couple, this is an awful hotel. The pictures are deceiving for the rooms, what you pay for and expect is NOT what you get.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	1	1	

<Author>TRIPPINCALIFORNIA
<Content>Excellent Stay at Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower       Hotel entrance  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iflores1102
<Content>PERFECT FAMILY VACATION!       Spacious Kitchen  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Setanta04
<Content>Great location We stayed here on the 2nd stop of our honeymoon.Hawaii is a place that I always wanted to go to and I was'nt disappointed.We stayed here for a week and we really liked the hotel.We got an honeymoon upgrade when we booked.And when we arrived we were upgraded to a room with a king sized bed.However this room only had a partial sea view,whereas we had booked a full sea view.So we changed rooms.The seaview was fabulous and we really were glad we changed rooms.The room was a nice size but balcony had only one chair which was a bit strange.The staff at the front desk were only okay to be honest.Particulary when we asked to be moved.One lady in particular was really unfriendly.However all of the housekeeping staff and bellboys were really friendly.The buffet breakfast on the beach was a great idea and the food was actually quiet good.The hotel is in a good location but when we go back,we might stay further down the sea front.I would recommend this hotel to friends,although some of the front desk staff need a bit of hug...!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>ljthumper
<Content>Great location with plenty of room. Excellent staff! Lovely. Our stay at the Resort Quest Beach Tower was very nice. I just love the Resort Quest properties and this one certainly did not disappoint. Our group of 4 stayed from May 16 - 21, 2008 in a 2B/2B condo. It was mostly updated and had a wonderfully large lanai to enjoy breakfast on each morning.We had a view of Diamond Head from the kitchen window and out one of the master bedroom and bath windows.This condo gave all of us plenty of room without feeling crowded. The exception to this was the guest bathroom was very small and the hall closets were filled with shelving which made it challenging to find a place for the suitcases to live. We managed just fine. Love having a washer and dryer in the unit. We used this several times and greatly saved on the amount of clothing we brought. Plus they replenish the detergent every day, which we didn't expect. The maids come in twice a day which was wonderful. Having the turn down service at night was always a pleasure. We found something different on our pillows each night. On our way back from dinner each night, we started to guess at what would be there. The staff at the Beach Tower are wonderful as well, Everyone there was always friendly and willing to help with whatever our questions or needs were. Aloha definately resides here! The valets were great too. Greg and the others were very helpful with maps or directions to places as we headed out. They even pointed us to some very good places to eat. Thank you guys!!The only problem we really encountered was the ice maker in the fridge was not working. When I asked about this, ice was brought to our room in about 5 minutes. This was our first visit to Oahu. We've been to the islands 4 other times. Oahu was very nice and we enjoyed our visit. However, Waikiki is the 11th largest city in the US. It's a BIG city. You will have city noise around you and I noticed it while in the condo. One afternoon we were jet lagged and really needed a nap. Well, there was a jack-hammer going all afternoon on the sidewalk below. This prevented us from a much needed nap. We saw the highlights of the island like the Arizona Memorial, Punchbowl, Diamond Head, Hanauma Bay, Chinaman's Hat, the North Shore, Byodo-In Temple, and others. There's just too much to see and do in one vacation.Oahu is lovely and staying at the RQ Tower was an excellent location. Right across for a nice protected beach, all kinds of dining options are only a few minutes walk, and shopping!If you are looking for more than a hotel room, this is certainly the place. With a complete kitchen, it allowed us to save a considerable amount of money on food. We had breakfast each morning on the lanai and prepared lunch there too.....or packed a picnic lunch if we knew we would be out most of the day. Dinner was the exception. We went out each night and then walked off dinner by walking around window shopping or watching the street performers. You can't go wrong with RQ!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gabecagwin
<Content>Best place EVER!!! This was my 8th time staying at the Beach Tower and it continues to be my favorite place in the world! From the bell men, to the front desk, to the maids, to the security, to the repairmen, the Beach Tower is top notch. Everyone is so kind and willing to help, plus the rooms are extraordinary. I can't wait for next year!!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wildobuffalo
<Content>Paradise within paradise The is a marvelous place to enjoy Waikiki and Oahu. the staff are exceptional. I have been coming back to the Beachtower for more than 20 years and many of the staff have remained all of these years. It is like having a marvelous home in paradise. I could never stay in a single hotel room after experiencing the Beachtower. It is centrally located and one can walk to many places and enjoy toe beauty without having the hassle of driving to dinner. It is also a large place where families and friends can stay and have their space.my favorite part is having coffee on the balcony every morning and looking at the surfers at Waikiki.I highly recommend this experience to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BirthdayGirl83
<Content>Had a great time My husband and I had a wonderful stay. We especially enjoyed the breakfast at the beach concept and took our breakfast with us on many trips away from the beach.The room was nice, clean and we had a great view.The restaurant in the hotel has good food and is a nice place to relax after a day of sightseeing, etc.The staff was very helpful when we needed directions.Would love to come back again.Barb Morgan  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbugss
<Content>Fantastic - We'll be back ! We stayed 8 nights located on the 24th floor. Rooms were fantastic with full kitchen with dishwasher  fridge with Ice dispencer. There was a sliding door onto the balcony from the kitchen - perfect for serving morning breakfast. The balcony was big and overlooked the beach. We had a 2 bathroom 2 bedroom suite. Heaps of storage area for clothes  washer / dryer facilities with maids leaving plenty of washing powder. Plenty of towles were never an issue with maids also coming to do a turn down service in the evenings. Front desk staff were very helpful with advice where to eat etc. Ideal location for the beach and the pool and Spa were also very good. Agree with other reviewers that you should try and get a 15th floor or above to make sure you get the best views. Have to save up again to come back...  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hope-boy
<Content>Wonderful Family Experience Returned 4/29/08 after a week stay at the Beach Tower. This was our third visit to Oahu, but first to Beach Tower. Perfect marriage of condo independence with hotel service. No property is perfect, so here are the cons. (1) My unit, 2B and 2b, on the 6th floor was not as modern as the web photos and a little more worn than I expected (2) pool area a little small and hot tub really HOT. That is it! So the pros. (1) The service here makes up for any, and I mean any, shortfall. The staff is great and make you feel like you are the only guest at the hotel. I really can't say enough about the folks, from registration to the 100 or so time they retrieved my car from the FREE valet parking they were extremely dedicated to the guest. (2) Location, Location, Location! (3) Great size for Waikiki. (4) Tremendous value for price, this property does not charge you for any of the extras you should expect (valet parking, newspaper, internet, etc...) Great property even better service.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blondelinda
<Content>Fantastic Stay at Beach Tower We travelled the US during March/April for 1 month . Family of 4 with 2 teenagers.This was our last stop, after a long trip , on our way home.I wanted something large to give us space from each other, in central location, on the beach with great views.I researched hear on TA and came up with the beach tower.We where not dissapointedThe tower is in an excellent location right accross from the rock pool and in the heart of all the shops and restuarants.Our apartment was on the 24th floor, 2404, it was a renovated 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment and I was extremely pleased with all the facilities. We had washer/dryer in the apartment , and the maids left me detergent every day. This was usefull as I completed all my holiday washing!We had a full size kitchen (which we didnt utilise to potential) but was handy for breakfast and snacks.Two enormous bathrooms, huge king bed in main bed, twins in the other room, plus a huge living/dining and the biggest balcony with amazing viewsThe tower does not have a restuarant but that was no problems, rewstuarants everywhere.The staff where helpful and courteous, and Greg the bellhop was truly amazing with his helpWe got a better rate by buying the hawaii entertainment book and calling the hotel, to which they honoured my booking at a reduced rateI will definatley return to hawaii and stay hear at this fanastic apartment tower.Book your stay hear, you will not be disappointed  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jillch
<Content>Will be back again Selected this property after reading Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. We stayed on the 20th floor in a 2 bedroom apartment. Huge rooms and balcony. Good beachfront view- we enjoyed sitting out for an evening drink watching the world go by and of course the great sunsets. The apartment was refurbished with modern kitchen. Having a washing machine and dryer was great.Location is an easy walk to everything. Hotel is right across from the safe beach areas with walled in swimming = great for young kids. 100 metres to bigger but still safe surf. Lots of restaurants in walking distance. Also the trolley stop was just across the road. We only used this to go to Ala Moana but I think you could go further afield.Hotel service was really friendly and helpful. Also rooms were serviced twice daily, an extra touch.The only thing we didn't like were the lifts which were sometimes slow and occasionally one was out of service. A minor problem overall.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dmacalli
<Content>Was a great vacation       view from 603  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>4Throgies
<Content>5th year we plan on coming!! This June of 2008 will be our 5th year we've stayed in this hotel. It is the prefect place for families! It's just a few steps from the fabulous Waikiki Beach. And everything is in walking distance...the Zoo, the Aquarium, Duke's Restaurant (our favorite), Cheeseburger in Paradise, LL, Lulu's, shops, entertainment...the list goes on and on. The view from your room is amazing. The rooms have always been clean and always has everything we need. They have maid service once a day along with a nighttime turn down service...where they leave a treat on your pillow (our kids love this part!) And having a washer  dryer in your hotel room is just AWESOME! We've learned to pack very light and wash our things. It's great.But one of the reasons we really love coming back is the staff. They truly have the Aloha spirit. Starting with the fun loving valet staff that great you whether you are coming or going. The front desk is always kind and helpful and the maid service is so sweet. I feel like part of the family when I am there. We plan to come for many years...The 4 Throgs!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>YYZ1977
<Content>Excellent Location - Weak on the Interior Just got back on March 14, 2008 - Spent two weeks there. We booked an Ocean View but upgraded to a Penthouse for an additional $50/night. The view was incredible but the interior is VERY DATED - you'd think the penthouse would be better than a Deluxe Ocean View but it was not - just a bit bigger in the hallway and the living room. The Linai was huge - enough to host a party in the Linai alone. The best: Convenient, Clean and Comfortable - very friendly staff - The bad: Interior design - dated furniture, Kitchen has everything but it's all from the Dollar Store - The elevators are old and slow especially when you are on the 37th Floor - sometimes, the wait can be 5 minutes. Absolutely no smoking - which was good. The 4th floor, which is where the swimming pool, hot tub and sauna are located was very old and dated - the hot tub and pool were functional but the sauna isn't - the pool table and tennis court are so old that you shouldn't bother trying to use. There is a convenient store and McDonalds right downstairs - Next to a 24 hour gym, which is great! Not recommended for singles - more for family. If you are on the 9th floor or higher, you don't hear much and get to see lots. Our floor was on the 37th so we had unobstructed views.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>odd3
<Content>Great location, fabulous views       View from 3302 Lanai, Diamond Head view  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KenCarol
<Content>A pearl on Waikiki! We booked this property for our family vacation and were pleasantly surprised. We needed a place that could accommodate 5 people, since booking hotel rooms in Honolulu can be very pricey. When we arrived at the hotel the front desk folks were very friendly and helpful, they even upgraded us to an ocean view room from a partial ocean view. The front desk staff coordinated with the bellman to take all our bags up to the room, and the front desk person even escorted us up to our room to show it to us. The unit we were in, #801, had all new appliances, beds, and furniture, as well as granite counter tops. The room was spotless. To say the least we were very impressed! The hotel is directly across the street from Waikiki Beach, and a short 5-10 minute walk gets you to the heart of Waikiki. We never saw the housekeeping staff, but as stated in previous reviews, they do turn-down service and leave a treat for you, which is always nice after coming back from a busy say of playing tourist. We especially enjoyed having breakfast every morning out on the lanai, watching the surfers and beach-goers. BTW we never saw any critters in our rooms. There was wired internet access in our room, which worked well and was great to have so we could keep in touch with family and friends back home. We would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel, especially for families, and if we go back to Honolulu again, would not hesitate to stay with them again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbjim
<Content>Nice but The Good: - The location, as has been identified by others - The bell staff, they were as professional and friendly as I have experienced anywhere- The condo, it was spacious and clean and the views were fantasticThe badOne bedroom was spectacular, spacious  had great views. The other bedroom was smaller  had a window that opened to an enclosed walkway/hall. It was dark in the middle of the day. If you are sharing a 2 bedroom unit with another couple ( not your children) allocating the bedrooms could be a problem. They are not equal.The uglyI booked the most expensive unit possible on the ResortQuest website. When I checked in, I was offered an upgrade to a penthouse for an additional $70/night. We ultimately settled on $50/night. However, when I looked at the parking receipt I was given when I drove into the hotel, the preassigned room number they wrote on my receipt was the same room number I later paid to ugrade to. Did I pay extra for a room that had already been assigned to me at my booking rate? The hotel said no but I still felt scammed.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Australiahome
<Content>A perfect Apartment Hotel, centrally located with great views       Rainbow over the water on our last morning  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ddbertoncin
<Content>The Tower;s Tops We enjoyed our stay. The property is in a great location and the unit we had was spacious and contemporary with a beautiful view west toward the ocean. The pool and sun deck area are disappointing. We thought the lobby/ entry/concierge area needed some work.  The staff was friendly. Housekeeping kept us in clean towels and also made sure we had dishwashing and laundry detergent. We did miss some of the amenities we're used to receiving at conventional hotels - restaurant, lobby bar, spa, etc. are all nice and would make the tower a 5 star resort.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>HulahandsLA
<Content>Gem in Waikiki       Sunset from our lanai, 1.2008  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlbertaShell
<Content>Loved the Waikiki Beach Tower!       Livingroom  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heidi08
<Content>Just ok... We just returned from Hawaii ending our trip through Waikiki at the ResortQuest which was a travel agent recommendation. While the property is definitely in a really good location, we seem to be one of the few families (from reviews) who would not return. There were 4 of us (husband, myself and 2 teenage sons). We had a Junior suite which sounds larger than it is. Rooms are dated from the Brady Bunch look. Lending likley to our unfavorable experience was the location of our room. We had an ocean view--but--it was also a CLOSE UP pool  bar view located on the 6th floor right above the Tiki Bar...great I guess the first night we were there (New Year's Eve) ; we enjoyed the party atmosphere and expected this...but not so much fun in the next few mornings---yes as early as 7am when we wanted to sleep in (this is vacation after all) and heard LOUD music and a singer at the so paperthin. We had a crying baby in the room next to us and heard alot of our neighbor's activities. We just read another review from a guest who received complimentary champagne  goodies on NY Eve from the hotel, we did not. Though t e breakfast at the beach sounds good, our experience again was pretty bad. We only went one day....cold, small quantities, greasy---opt for going out. No coffee makers in the room but I guess that's because you are expected to get the free breakfast (which ends at 9:30 for those who sleep in...and not much left after 9am). The Tiki Bar and restaurant were nice, but do not allow room charges which I found a bit unusual. All in all, I would opt for another hotel if I came back to Waikiki, but doubt I will---rather spend the time on the other islands. My summary--you are supposed to feel rested after vacation. We lost 3 nights sleep at this hotel and then of course had the 8 hour all night flight home; my husband came home with bronchitis I think because of the lack of sleep. Oh, also for those who care, there are cockroaches; great BIG ones on the lanais...at least we had one that wanted to be our own personal pet. The ResortQuest in Kauai (which we came from) was MUCH MUCH nicer---a property we would return to.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckmajesty
<Content>Great Hotel, good value, highly recommended Just returned from a 6 night stay with ResortQuest Waikiki.Pleasantly surprised, definitely was a good deal for Waikiki. The rooms were extremely spacious for prime Waikiki real estate, the free valet parking also added to the hotel value.The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. On new years eve we came home to be surprised by a bottle of complimentary champaign and some goodies!The hotel was slightly on the older side, but overall still a well-kept hotel. Recommend floor 20 and up for better view of the entire beach.Would definitely return!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chikuben
<Content>perfect for families       the building  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VacationgirlSeattle
<Content>Very pleasant hotel My husband and I visited Waikiki in early November. My hairdresser who is from the Island of Oahu suggested Resort Quest to us. We had a very nice room, lovely view. The complimentary breakfast was a great way to start the day. The location of this property was ideal for us. Close enough to everything but away from the hustle and bustle. The beach across the street was great for swimming and relaxing. Our room was a bit outdated, could have used more remodeling in the bathroom but overall we were very pleased with our stay. We would definately stay here again. Oh the staff was so friendly too!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schererd
<Content>above average condo, good location       ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CCTraveler01
<Content>Fabulous for families We just returned from a 10-day stay at this hotel and have concluded that we've found our new home-away-from-home. We have been to Oahu about a dozen times pre-children, and now three times with children, and have to say that this property is just about perfect if you're traveling with little ones (our kids are three and six months).The pros: The two-bedroom suite layout is fantastic. The master bedroom was easily big enough for me, my husband, our baby in a Pack N Play, and our son on an inflatable toddler bed. Our au pair and her boyfriend were in the other room, and we actually never felt crowded or that we lacked privacy. There's a full kitchen, including rice cooker, coffeemaker, microwave, full-sized refrigerator and freezer, large oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher, and probably a lot of other things we didn't notice. We ate breakfast, snacks, and about half our dinners in our suite -- it was great! And they just opened a new Safeway in Kapahulu, about a 5-minute drive away, so stocking up was a piece of cake. Lots of space in the living and dining areas! Great for active kids and for letting adults sprawl out. The provided DVD player was a godsend for itchy kids (we brought our own DVDs with us). Location, location, location! Everything is just a short stroll away. The best beach for little kids in Waikiki (Kuhio Beach Park) is literally across the street and features two sheltered lagoons perfect for beginning swimmers. There's a beach, some grassy areas with shade, and a freshwater shower right at the beach for rinsing. Other kid-friendly destinations: the zoo, three short blocks away; the aquarium, which is a little further, but still an easy walk; Kapiolani Park, three blocks away with huge expanses of grassy space for kids to play (and great photo opportunities). For rainy days, the children's Discovery Museum, in Ala Moana park on the other end of Waikiki, is a 15-minute drive.Foodwise, it's a treasure trove in kid-friendly dining. There's a McDonalds adjacent to the hotel, ABC stores on every corner (for snacks, drinks and premade sandwiches), and our favorite hang-out restaurant, Duke's, is a block and a half away. Cheeseburger in Paradise is across the street and Keoni's, a Thai restaurant that has a great traditional (American) breakfast, is a quick walk even with a straggling preschooler. Oh, and one more parental bonus: the hotel has room service! It's pricey, but it beats dragging fussy kids out to dinner.Finally, the International Marketplace is about two blocks away and a great browsing treat for the whole family. The staff! They were exceptional. We couldn't believe how nice, friendly, and helpful everyone was. The guys at the bell desk/valet stand were just amazing, always ready with a smile, a destination recommendation (we discovered a fabulous locals-only spot for poke thanks to them!), and a quick game of catch with our preschooler. They were responsive to our requests (e.g., more beach towels) and did a great job checking us in and out. TONS of storage! Multiple closets with shelves throughout let us give the kids their own dedicated spaces. Easier for corraling toys! Free DSL. Yippee! Our au pair spent hours IMing her friends and family when she wasn't watching the kids.The cons: Avoid the hotel-provided crib: it's made of metal with a foam mattress, not the firm type of mattress recommended by the AAP. We ended up renting a Pack N Play and some other items from Baby's Away Oahu (babysawayoahu@gmail.com), a company that supplies kid stuff to traveling families. Worth every penny! The hotel pool doesn't really have a shallow end; the minimum height is 3 feet. But it is heated, which is great! Slightly outdated decor, and a couch whose seat cushions kept sliding off. Believe it or not, the twice-daily maid service could get annoying. A few times we forgot to put in the do-not-disturb card, and we had to explain to the housekeepers that they couldn't clean because children were sleeping. But that's obviously a minor problem and the benefits outweigh the negatives! Expensive. But then again, cheaper than booking two separate hotel rooms, for the most part -- and you can't beat the convenience of a suite, plus the many amenities.I could go on about all the great things about this place, but the bottom line is, we loved it and will absolutely be back!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cigar07
<Content>Great Condo on the Beach!       A rainbow from the lanai  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CrewOfFiveWAstate
<Content>Family Fun Our Family stayed here for a week in the beginning of October. Our children are ages 1, 3, 5 and the amenities this property provides were perfect for our needs! We ran a load of laundry a day with all the swimming and exploring we were doing and the housekeeping staff caught on quickly and kept us well supplied with Tide :-). The kids loved the sandpails they received at check-in and the beach directly across from the hotel is very shallow and has a wonderful breakwater which kept big waves from wiping out our little ones. The staff were exceptionally courteous, espicially the valets! The 2 BR 2Bath unit we had was very spacious and the kitchen had everything we needed to make meals in (easier on the kids than eating out all the time). It's within walking distance of the zoo and aquarium and the Oceanarium is right across the street. McDonalds is right out the main entrance and was great for pancakes and fresh pineapple that we could bring back upstairs for the kids a couple of mornings.They are currently remodeling, and the unit we stayed in hadn't been refurbished yet but we didn't mind. We worried much less about causing noticeable damage. Our 1 year old did manage to pull a handful of cables out of the cable box on one of the TV's and the maintenance staff that came to repair a broken one for us was so kind and even smiled and joked with our little perpetrator.My only complaints would be... The maids always came between 1 and 3 when our two youngest were napping. They did light, quiet work but never adjusted schedule to come during a time when they could give us full service, vaccuuming, etc. Also, the evening turn down service with treats that the kids quickly came to look forward too was non-existent the last 3 nights. They were sorely disappointed! Also there was a problem with tiny little ants in the kitchen, we declined their offer to have an exterminator come in and use chemicals while our children were there and they never offered to move us to another room although admittedly we never asked.Over all the amenities and location were ideal with only a few service issues.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>budgetbudge
<Content>upgraded!! We were booked into the ResortQuest Waikiki Beachside Hotel for 3 nights in October, however when we arrived we were pleasntly surprised to find we had been upgraded to the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower! It is only 3 doors down  right on Waikiki Beach, they are in the middle of renovations presently, so things were a little different, check in was on the 4th floor, foyer was non existent, only two lifts to service all the floors, which sometimes made for a bit of a wait. We were on the 8th floor  when we stepped out of the lift the carpet was covered in plastic, however when we got inside our room, it was great! Beautiful balcony with magnificent views of Waikiki, the staff were sooo friendly, their was a washing machine  dryer, 2 TV's, fully equipped kitchen, with ice maker in the fridge!We would love to come back  share the large apartment with the kids!!!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>pattyny
<Content>wonderful spacious condo Aloha! We just returned from a family destination wedding. My family reserved a 2 bedroom 2 bath unit on the 28th floor with an awesome ocean view in front and Diamond Head view to the side. The location was wonderful...it wasn't the crazy busy shopping area but we were only a couple of blocks east from it. Finding the hotel in our rental car was a little confusing but thank goodness I read the reviews here. The hotel says it's located on Kalakaua Avenue but the car entrance is actually around the corner on the Lili~ street side. You will be greeted by the friendly valet guys (Aloha Eddy!). The lobby is currently undergoing construction so you will check in on the 4th floor. Since 10 of us went, we decided that a condo would be the best choice for us...6 of us stayed here (maximum per hotel policy) and the rest stayed at a less expensive hotel across the street. Whenever we cooked, our other family members hopped on over for the meals and we saved lots of money that way. There is a Food Pantry market a few blocks aways on Kuhio Street which was reasonably priced. Also, there were many ABC (convenience) stores which we loved...they sell ready-made sandwiches, cut-up fruit, souvenirs galore, cosmetics, wines/liquor, beach accessories etc. Back to the rooms...like the other reviews, it was very spacious...our little ones loved playing hide and seek...there was plenty of closet space and kitchen cabinet space (almost too much space for just 6 visitors). The kitchen and bathrooms did need some updating but they were functional. The hallway bathroom was a bit crampy and dim...but the master bath had a window with a wonderful view of Diamond Head. There was a tv in each room which was nice for the kids, adults and seniors in our party. The balcony was so spacious...don't feed the birds out there...they'll try and come into your room...luckily we shooed one out before it caused chaos inside. I didn't bother with the pool since I read the reviews here but my husband did visit it on the 4th floor and agreed that it was small...but he loved sitting in the jacuzzi. Tourist attractions that we did:Diamond Head (loved it but difficult hike because it gets too hot...cool off with yummy shaved ice at the base)Alamona(?) Falls (loved it...slippery and muddy at times and many mosquitoes...my 3 and 5yr old did it)Polynesian Cultural Center (loved it but Ali Luau package dinner food was blah..also, the show stadium is small so I think any seat is fine...no need to upgrade your seat which they may try to sell you when you first walk in the center)Hanumau Bay (must see breathtaking views... but I thought the beach across from our hotel was actually better (not as pebbly...is that a word?)...food is pretty expensive but their $10 sandwiches and burgers were actually delicious)Aquarium (you can see everything in 30 minutes...I'd skip it and go to Sealife Park...save your $9 per adult)Sealife Park (much better...good for your kids...it's about $25 per adult and about $18 for 5yrs and up)International Market Place (so so...you just see the same souvenir stands over and over...but check it out while you take your stroll down busy Kalakaua Avenue.Also, the destination wedding place at Aquaveil Frais Marina in Kapolei was wonderful...it's a small cozy setting...perfect for party up to 50 people. The ceremony was timed with the sunset in the background. They wedding coordinators did a wonderful job with the reception...pleasantly surprised. Overall, we had an excellent time at Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mike-lcf
<Content>Good value and family friendly Our family stayed in a 2 BR unit on the 11th floor during the last week of August. Positives:Spacious and larger than we expected; plenty of room for kids to run around in living roomOutside patio is largeExcellent location across street from a small but family friendly beach with breakwater - perfect for little childrenFree broadband internetFree parking in the buildingPool is well maintained and cleanConcierge staff friendly and helpful; they genuinely look like they enjoy working thereComplimentary beach chairs, mats, towels they loan you when you go to the beachToy pails for the kidsLaundry machine in your unit and they even provide detergentNegatives:Building directly overlooks what without a doubt must the ugliest building in WaikikiNumerous items were broken in our unit that should have been caught by housecleaning before we checked in (broken toilet seat, DVD player not working, internet cable snapped); all these things were pretty quickly fixed when we told them The temperature in both showers fluctuated wildly from cold to hotNo restaurant in the building (the other reviews on this site about the Tiki restaurant are people who are posting erroneously about another similar sounding hotel 2 blocks up the street)Self parking was often quite crowded and took a while to find a spotKitchen has very few cooking or eating utensils are providedPool is small and can get very crowdedNo towels provided at the pool (on the 4th floor), you must bring them from your room or go downstairs to the valet on the 1st floorJacuzzi next to pool is way too hotFunky smell in the room that came and wentOverall its a good value for what you get. We would definitely consider staying here again if we come back to Oahu.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Auburnmb
<Content>Wonderful condo and view! My mom, younger sister and I stayed at the Resort Quest tower the first 4 days of September. I didn't realize it was a condo when we booked it. The lobby was a lot smaller than I pictured it to be from all the reviews. As we were leaving on the 5th they were getting ready to redo the concierge and registration area. The employees at the registration area are very nice and accommodating. We were first given a key to the 19th floor. Our key card wouldn't work and before we even had the chance to go back downstairs the front desk person was up on our floor apologizing that they gave us the wrong room. We were moved to the 12th floor. The bell service was prompt w/ our bags and brought an entire box of Godiva chocolate! The condo itself was amazing. We had a full kitchen/fridge, washer/dryer, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms w/ wonderful showers, and 2 large sliding glass doors that brought you out to a gorgeous view from our lanai! The view alone was so incredible. One of the drawbacks to the hotel is that if you are a pool person--not so good. The pool is off the 4th floor at the back..however there are another hotel's rooms basically at pool level. The pool is mostly under shade and there aren't too many chairs to lay out. Luckily right across the street is the beach! It is fun to watch the surfers out from your lanai off and on throughout the day! There is also a turn-down service every night! One of the housekeepers come by around 6ish every night to turn down your beds, turn on the lights..and leave yummy local Hawaiian treats on your nightstand or bed. There aren't a lot of amenities here at the condo. The entrance is beautiful and they do have a feet/body wash area if you are coming in from the sand. The hotel is located nearby several restaurants/ABC Stores and if you have any tours scheduled the pick-up place is off to the right of the hotel across the street at the Pacific Beach hotel. Easy and not a big walk. As for restarurants we tried several of them around town. We really liked Duke's on the beach as well as Lulu's about 4.5 blocks down the street. Great breakfast and wonderful service. We were not impressed w/ Cheeseburger in Paradise or Tiki's Lounge/restaurant. We were also lucky enough to stumble across a wonderful hula show right across the street by the beach a couple of times. Our family did the Pearl Harbor and deluxe island tour as well as the Polynesian Cultural Center/Horizons show. We definitely reccomend the island tour. Amazing views and some great stops! I really enjoyed the views in Oahu!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Summer026
<Content>An Unforgettable Holiday         
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ek_2002
<Content>Can't beat the location! Great for traveling with kids.       Sunset view from our lanai  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	4	

<Author>trilinearmipmap
<Content>Very nice apartment hotel for families My wife and 3 of our young children stayed here for a week in April 2007.We had problems with our flight connection so we phoned at the last minute to say we would be arriving a day late. According to the reservation policy, we should have paid for the night we missed because we gave the hotel no notice. However the charge for that night was waived without any hassle or argument.We stayed in a 2 BR oceanfront suite. The suite was huge. We cooked all our meals here in the full kitchen. The bedrooms were comfortable. There was no problem with noise. The view over Waikiki Beach was outstanding.The only downside to the room was the decor, furnishings and carpet were showing their age. Nothing serious but everything looked a little worn. This was no problem for us as we were there for a fun active family vacation rather than a luxury resort type of experience.The location of this hotel is perfect. Across the street from a nice quiet part of Waikiki Beach. The beach here has a protective breakwater forming a large shallow ocean swimming pool which is perfect for preschool age children. The hotel staff lent us chairs, umbrellas and beach toys whenever we went across the street to the beach.The hotel pool was small and the pool area was extremely windy as it is elevated a few stories high. Gusts of wind would blow our towels etc. across the pool area. We could not enjoy much time at the pool because of the wind.We had a late night flight out. We requested a late checkout. We are used to asking for a 2:00 PM or 3:00 PM checkout and getting refused half the time. The hotel staff gave us an 8:00 PM checkout for free. This made a huge difference as my kids could have a nap, eat a meal, and get showered and changed before our flight home.Overall we were extremely pleased with our stay. Our family will definitely be staying here next time we are in Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happytravelers53090
<Content>This hotel is a terrific choice! This hotel is in a terrific location across from the beach and close to shopping and restaurants. We had an exceptional ocean view from our room and a balcony. Lobby and Room were nicely decorated and very clean. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a big bonus and well done. We really liked the entertainment during breakfast (hula dancer and guitarist). Tiki Bar was very convenient and nice. The only negative I can think of is that the entertainment in the Tiki Bar made it a little difficult to get to sleep. But this hotel is still a great choice!! We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>IndyMom3
<Content>The best place I've ever stayed Our family of 5 stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Towers for a week in June. Our 35th floor room was spacious and provided an amazing view of the ocean and Diamond Head. Everything looked newly remodeled including granite counter tops in the kitchen, high end appliances, and an amazing master bathroom. The service was the best I've ever seen. Every staff member was kind and gracious. Our rooms were cleaned twice a day and were spotless. We loved being just a few steps away from the beach, and many stores and restaurants were also close by. This is the perfect place to stay with a family. I can't say enough about the staff and service. For the amount of space you get, the service, and the beach location, I don't think we could have found a better place.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>tmucker05
<Content>Excellent for Families, Great Location We just came back from at great 6 night stay at the Resort Quest Beach Tower. We were a group of 7, including a grandparent. This worked perfect for our Family, a kitchenette, washer/dryer, 3 TV's and full ocean view. Upon checkin, we were upgraded to ocean front, given the coupon book, the kids were given their cards and their pails. The bell men and the cleaning ladies were awesome. It was not luxurious but very clean. I would definitely stay there again. We booked through bookit.com for around $2000 and rented a minivan through Hotwire for $239.25, they run a car rental extra discount about once a month. A lady at AVIS gave us exact directions to the Condo, as it was dark and late when we arrived.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UnitedStatesfan
<Content>Wonderful place for families My family and I spent 5 nights at this place and loved it. We booked it through Pleasant Holidays. While Pleasant Holidays has it rated as a four star, the beds, furniture and linens are probably more in line with a AAA rated 3 star similar to a Double Tree or Embassy Suites.  What the facility lacks in these areas they clearly make up for it in customer service. The front desk goes out of their way to please and the bell boys bend over backwards to assist in what ever your needs are. I dealt with Eddy and Ed almost entirely during the trip and they were wonderful.The rooms are large with 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, full size kitchen and livingroom with dining area. Each room and the livingroom have TV's with extended cable programming. There are large balconies that face the ocean. They suites are approximately 1200 sq. feet in size. There is a washer and dryer in the hallway closet and all cooking utensils needed plus service pieces for 6. While the furniture was a bit outdated and showed signs of wear, the wear is probably no different than most guests' own homes. The plus to this is that if you are travelling with children you don't have to concern yourself with then bringing in sand or sitting with wet clothes on the couches. The kitchen and baths are also stuck in the 80's but are in excellent working condition.One downside is the second bedroom only has two twin beds when there is plenty of room to have 2 full size beds. The pull out sofa is queen size and is comfrtable as far as pull outs go. There are only 4, two bedroom suites per floor and the building is about 38 floors. Some of the units have been recently refurbished but I did not get to see any of these. All of the suites face the ocean. I was on the 33rd floor which had a full view of the ocean and Diamond Head. I think that any floor above the 5th floor will have similar views. The views from the 1st to 4th floor will probably be partially blocked by palm trees but you would still be able to see the ocean plus you are closer to the sidewalk and beach if you are a people watcher. Make sure that you don't confuse the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Towers with the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel which is one block away but only has standard hotel rooms, not 2 bedroom suites.Another drawback is that the 4 elevators are slow, especially during the check-in and check-out period.There are plenty of restaurants nearby within walking distance with every choice of food, both high class sit downs and fastfoods. Parking is free at the complex which is a plus for Honolulu because of the lack of parking spaces. There are also trolleys and bus service which will take you to all area tourist attractions. There is a Walmart, Sams Club and a Safeway nearby to stock up on food and supplies, though it might be difficult to carry back to your room if you do not have a car.While this place is a condo, there is twice daily maid service that cleans, washes dishes, and replace towels and is better than most hotels. The bath products are also first class and have a tropical scent. They do not provide cotton balls or Q-tips though.This complex is across the street from the beach but is an easy 40 yard walk from your room to the beach. On this section of Waikiki Beach, there are no hotels directly on the beach. This section of the beach also has man made reefs that block the waves so the ocean is calm for the little ones. If it is the large waves you want, they are available a few yards away on either side and beyond the man made reefs.Waikiki Beach is a busy scene, especially in the evening and late night hours so if you are looking for a more peacefull vacation you might want to try Maui, especially the south end where the Four Seasons, Fairmont and the Grand Wielia are located. I was travelling with 2 teenage daughters so the busier pace of Waikiki was more to their liking.The Waikiki Beach Towers is not a place for someone looking for a romantic spot as a couple but it is the perfect place for active families. I will defintely stay here again when visiting Waikiki with my family. If you are looking for a more relaxed and romantic place, try the Fairmont on Maui which I stayed at for my anniversery last year where all rooms are suites that consist of a bedroom, livingroom, large bathroom with tub for two, refrigerator, wetbar and microwave.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>applecopter
<Content>Great Views  Surprisingly reasonable and newly remodeled, close to Diamond Head with views of Diamond Head and the ocean. We loved the Tiki restaurant on 2nd floor of our hotel sipping Blue Hawaiins and Hawaiin Ice Teas to live Hawaiin music on Waikiki beach.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GumLeaves
<Content>Spot on - location, location, location. My family consisting of 4 adults stayed for 14 nights and it was our second visit in 18 mths to this complex. We were upgraded to a full ocean view 2 bedroom 2 bathroom suite on the 11th floor (I mentioned the Hawaii 5-0 free upgrade option when checking in ) - what a view - we had stayed previously in the partial ocean view suite but this suite was just magnificient. The suite looked as though it had been recently upgraded as there was a granite kitchen benchtop, bathrooms and verandah retiled which were totally different to the partial ocean view suite.The Bell hops (Russ and his crew) were friendly as always and extremely helpfull when put to the challenge. Free high speed internet access in the suite is handy and when I asked for a longer internet cable a new one was delivered and connected by the building maintenance man within 30minutes - what service!!The suite has everything U need to live comfortably and has plenty of room to spread out. Car hire is available from all of the major companies nearby and U can park on site for free. I hired a surfboard via the internet which was delivered on site within 1 hour and was able to be stored near the Bell hops in a board rack - a lot cheaper than hiring a board across the road at $10/hr. Would recommend the Cheesecake Factory for a great feed (inhouse/take away) and the usual burger houses are also plentiful and nearby. I would highly recommend this complex for its location, suite size and facilities available within the suite.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daphne95
<Content>What a view!!! We had a little trouble finding this condo. Driving along the main road in Waikiki there are 3 Resortquest hotels, I think. There was not a sign for where to turn. I called the front desk and they came out to the road to meet us. We were on the 32nd floor which normally would freak me out but the view was worth it. We had an oceanfront room, I thought with the price difference was well worth it. There is a convenient walkway to the beach. Upon checking in they gave us a pail, shovel and sifter for our kids which was a nice surprise. While these are inexpensive and there is an ABC store right on the corner, it was nice just to have it and go right to the beach. There are no restaurants to speak of right nearby except McDonald's. Since we arrived late and were starving after our 9 hour flight, we tried to get room service and were told 45 minutes since they get it from another hotel. There are, of course restaurants in all the nearby hotels, but with two tired and hungry kids I really did not want to take them into a hotel.The room was decent, a little musty smelling maybe from the ocean air. The bed in the master bedroom was hard as a rock and the pillows flat. The a/c in the master controlled both bedrooms but to have it cool enough in the master the other bedroom was like an ice locker(you can open the windows to combat this). Up where we were we did not hear the traffic sounds other than the occasional rescue. The dryer took forever!!! Plan on turning it on at least 3 times for a normal size load. I would recommend this condo. It's a convenient location, the waterview is amazing. While I enjoy a plush bed at a luxury hotel, with kids this condo has everything you need.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>myeyegal
<Content>Just One Night We only stayed one night as we came into Oahu a day before our timeshare rental was available. I rented a 2 bedroom oceanfront deluxe room. We were very pleasantly surprised upon check-in when we were informed that we had been upgraded to the Penthouse suite!Though this room was very nice, I could never see paying the $1300/night it rents for. But what the room lacked, the view more than madeup for. I believe we were on the 42nd floor! Diamondhead to our left,and the whole expanse of Waikiki Beach in front of us and up the coast to the right. All the staff were extremely helpful. If you tellthem it's your anniversary, they have a little bottle of Korbel waiting in your room. A very nice stay, very clean but not as fancy as you might expect for the price. I guess I expected what the website picture showed as the room and it is not that updated. It appears they are working on certain rooms to update them though.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>richsf
<Content>Solid, spacious condos w/ good amenities; not really 'luxurious,' though We stayed here for 9-days w/ kids  senior parents. Consensus: Solid condo hotel w/ enormous rooms  good amenities. But not luxurious, as some guidebooks claim. Very good overall.Positives:(1) Enormous living space(2) Excellent ocean views(3) Good-sized lanai(4) Free wired internet(5) Free, friendly valet(6) Washer/dryer in unit(7) 2x daily maid service(8) Bridged twin beds convert to king(9) Kid-friendly pool (3' to 5' deep)(10) Good coupon book on arrival for Polynesian Cult. Ctr, Bowfin(11) Free sandpails for kids(12) Free room upgrade, 1/2 bottle of sparkling (Korbel)  Godiva chocolates for seniors(13) Free daily paper (Honolulu Advertiser)(14) Service very good overall(15) Some luxury appointments (Bose Wave radio in living room, 3 TVs, DVD player, cordless phone)Negatives:(1) Needs update soon; everything in lobby shows wear; rooms also show some wear. Tile (not granite) counters; old cabinetry; popcorn ceilings.(2) Limited common area/lobby (3) Not in the same class Ritz, Four Seasons, or even a high-end Marriott or Hyatt. (4) 1 bad service experience. Check-in person rudely responded, Where do you get these ideas? when asked if he could bridge the twin beds. Of course, housekeeping bridged beds following day. He also neglected to provide sandpails or passes for kids and hesitated about confirming crib setup.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>OC_Traveler27
<Content>Great place for families My husband and I stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Tower with my parents and brother last summer. The location is pefect. Right acrossthe street from Waikiki Beach. The whole area is grossly commercialized and touristy but it is convenient. Close to everything..restaurants, grocery stores, shopping, etc. We stayed in a 2 bedroom with partial ocean view. The view from our patio was fantastic. The rooms are nothing fancy and some of the furniture and fixtures are older and could use some sprucing up but overall, the condo is very well maintained and clean. My husband and I have stayedat the Princeville Resort in Kauai and Grand Wailea in Maui so we like luxury, but this place was very do-able for us since we had 3 extra family members staying with us. At about $2500 for 6 nights, much more economical than staying at a resort. The staff is very helpful and friendly, especially the bell boys..always smiling and eager to help. If you're looking for luxury, this is definitely not the place but if you're with kids or a larger family, this place is perfect and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KalenaJeanne
<Content>Loved it!!       Our balcony and the view  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ColleenK
<Content>Great Location! We just returned from a trip to Waikiki and Maui - we spent six nights on each island.We enjoyed our stay at ResortQuest very much. The location was fantastic - close to the action, but kind of at the end of it all (not as noisy and busy). We were right across the street from the beach, but also enjoyed bus service to the hotel. We had oceanview rooms, the view was incredible.We enjoyed Tiki's Restaurant very much. Great food and entertainment. The included breakfast was also great for us - there's great choices and the convenience was incredible. There was also entertainment every morning at breakfast, which was really enjoyable.Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>VacationingParent
<Content>An Excellent choice for families We just completed a 6 night stay at this hotel. We were a group of six with 3 adults and 3 young children. This hotel was an excellent choice for our family. The location is excellent and easy walking distance to most activities in Honolulu that would interest a family with young children, including the aquarium, the zoo, the beach which is right across the street, plus most activities on the main strip. The units are very large with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a large living room, a full dining room, and a full kitchen. It easily accommodated our family. There is also quite a bit of closet space which let us fully unpack. Even with 6 people, we never felt crowded and with 3 televisions there was no fighting and everyone could do their own thing. We had booked a partial ocean view room, but were upgraded to a full ocean view on arrival (thank you to the hotel staff). The view from the lanai, which was also very large, was amazing. A sweeping view of the ocean, plus a great view of Diamond Head to boot. The only annoyance was some noise that came from an air conditioning unit on an adjacent property, but it was not horrible just a constant hum and you could only hear this from the lanai.The staff at this hotel is extremely friendly and helpful and the doormen always greet you with a smile. They were happy to assist or offer advise with anything we needed. The hotel provides fresh towels for the beach, and also beach chairs, mats, umbrellas, inflatable rafts, and sand toys.You just pick these up in the lobby and walk across the street to the beach. When you come back, you just drop them off in the lobby as well, so no wet towels or sandy beach toys in the room. The beach across the street from the hotel is excellent for children as it has a breakwater wall that cuts down the waves. Most other beachs in Wakiki would be difficult for young children or poor swimmers to use because of the rough surf. Free valet parking and free internet access (wired and pretty fast) was also a plus. The lobby was a little dated, and the furniture in the room, was a little worn, but none of this was too bad and everything was very clean. With young children, we don't mind some furntiure with a few dings in it as it makes us less nervous. All of the hotels in Wakiki take a beating because they are right on the beach and people are constantly dragging sand and wet shoes through them. The hotel is currently doing renovations (but we never heard any noise from this) and I understand that the lobby and all of the rooms will be redone shortly. Having use of a full kitchen was great. Its much easier with a large group to have everyone eat breakfast on their own schedule then trying to get everyone up and out. We also saved a lot of money as breakfast is expensive in Honolulu. The kitchen had everything you would need, including an icemaker in the refrigerator door. There are no restaurants or bars in the hotel, as its setup more like an apartment building then a hotel but that is really not an issue. You are surrounded by restaurants and hotel bars all within easy walking distance. We went to The Cheesecake Factory, California Pizza Kitchen, Oceanarium, the Shorebird Broiler, and Cheeseburger in Paradise. All good choices for young children.On the whole I thought this was a very good value and was a better option that renting two smaller rooms at another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AprilAries
<Content>Absolutely Horrible, Dont Bother We stayed here in April 2006 on our honeymoon. The staff was rude at the first encounter. We got off a long, arduous flight and were exhausted, then find out our room wasn't ready. Their attitude was, oh well, too bad. Our room was cramped, the walls looked like they had water damage, the sliding glass door wouldn't close properly, so we had to keep it open all night, thus having to endure the noise from the street, the bar downstairs, etc. The furnishings were cheap and sparse and for the money we spent (around $2000) it was not worth it. The elevators didn't work properly, Sometimes there were spills on the tile floors that went unattended. The free breakfast was horrible -- I've had better food at McDonalds. On the 3rd day, we were on our way back to our room when some guy in front of us was checking all the doors to see which one he could get into. He was extremely intoxicated and started harrasing my husband. Under no circumstances would I ever recommend this hotel to anyone, including my worst enemies. It pretty much ruined our honeymoon.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>twinsfan-7
<Content>Great place to stay       The beach from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>derPenguin
<Content>Very Nice       Nice to have a little space from  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sitkadave
<Content>This place rocks My wife and I stayed here for our 10th anniversary and were very impressed. First since my wife deals with severe allergies to cleaning products and the like I contacted the hotel via e-mail to ask if it would be possible that only allegy friendly cleaning products could be used. We received a response via e-mail within a day advising they understood. A couple days later we received a e-mail from the hotel manager advising they would be happy to fulfill the request and if we had any recommendations for types of products to use. When we arrived we were greeted by a very friendly valet and front desk staff. During our 7 day stay, the staff were extremely nice and friendly and our room impeccable. There is a nightly turn down service and we would return to our room to find the bed turned down and a bagged goody placed on the pillows. Eventhough the hotel does not have an in hotel dining room that didn't slow these folks down a bit. They have an agreement to get thier meals delivered by the I think Sheraton, one block down, and we placed an order and had our food delivered in 40 minutes and still HOT!! Newspapers delivered and set outside your room each morning and caring staff who actually called my wife twice to check to see if everything was up to standards and if anything else was needed. During checkout the staff were very nice and even gave me paper towels and bottle of water(my head was sweating since I shave it daily). Also have to say that I found the concierge inserts in the newspaper everyday fun to read. This hotel has by far been the best that my wife and I have every stayed at. They were professional, the room cleaned immaculately and the view from our oceanview room amazing. These folks rock.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jon2211
<Content>Great location, great price Arrived with some trepidation after our last internet booking was a disaster. We had booked an Ocean view room and was asked at check-in if we wanted to upgrade to a junior suite for an extra $50 a night. They let us view both rooms and we took the upgrade. It is one of the recently refurbished rooms - king bed and pullout for the kids, 32 HD LCD TV, High speed internet ($39 / week), ample cupboard space for 2 adults and 2 kids, balcony overlooking the beach, very nicely decorated. There is a pool but it is very small - but who wants a pool when you are 50 yards from Waikiki beach? Lots of renovations throughout the hotel with a surfing theme - surprise! Valet parking, 2 nice places to eat, very helpful and friendly staff. As I write this, I am still in the room and so far it has been absolutely perfect. It was even better when I foun out that I was paying less than 50% of the posted room rate.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Wayne Derek
<Content>Excellent staff This property is a little dated and in need of renovations to some of it's units. The appliances and mechanical works of the unit were very old as were the bathroom fixtures. The location of the building is great, right on the north side of the main strip across the street from the beach. The staff could not have been better and made the stay very pleasant by giving advice on places to see and beaches to go to away from the regular tourist areas. Parking is free with a valet and the bell service is top notch. If you can overlook the dated decor and the age of the paint on the walls of the units everything else is very good.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>NLCSMVP96
<Content>What a delight. A perfect experience.       The beach just across the street from the hotel entrance.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PATTYC44
<Content>Great time at the Waikiki Beach Tower Recently my husband and I went to Oahu to renew our wedding vows. We went with another couple and stayed at the Waikiki Beach Tower.Let me start by saying what a great time we had and how nice it was to stay somewhere so friendly and laid back right in the heart of Waikiki.We had a 2 bedroom/2 bath oceanfront condo on the 30th floor which was great. The room was clean and well furnished with everything you need for a great vacation from dishes in the kitchen to extra towels stocked for the beach. The view from the room was also absolutely breathtaking.Even tough you are right in the hustle and bustle of Waikiki the hotel is quiet and peaceful and you feel like you are the only person there.The staff is friendly and extremly helpful always there if you have a question or just for a nice Aloha.This was my second time in Hawaii. Last time we stayed at the Hyatt which was right next store. The Hyatt was nice but very impersonal and loud. Not the Resortquest tower.We had a great time and would most definately return to stay at the Tower!Mahalo for a great stay!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>knorpp
<Content>Our own slice of paradise Our two week stay was absolutely wonderful! I had my family with me and the two bedroom unit was perfect. We even had my 18 month old grandson and the entire hotel was so nice to us all.They welcomed him with a sand pail and the rest of us with smiles and happy faces every day. The staff was wonderful, helpful and concerned with our comfort.We will certainly make the Waikiki Beach Tower our home in paradise.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Highhat
<Content>Not up to expectations       Sunset from the lanai of our room.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	3	1	

<Author>anne1125
<Content>Loved Waikiki Beach Tower Waikiki Beach Tower was great. Our 2 bedroom unit was on the 23rd floor, oceanfront. You can't believe the view! Awesome!The furnishings were a bit worn, but clean. The kitchen appliances and utensils were sparce. I think we only had 6 tiny plates, the smallest coffee cups you have ever seen and 6 glasses. Knives, forkes etc. and other kitchen necessites were very limited.The unit was very large. The location of the resort is perfect. We walked to the beach in front which was wonderful. Calm enough to float about. Surfers were beyond the small wall.We ate at the Cheescake Factory (great breaded shrimp) and Chilli's and saw the Society of Seven Show at the Outrigger (we walked). The show is really enjoyable and reasonable priced.The people at the Waikiki Beach Tower are wonderful and can't do enough for you. Great Service. I would go back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toddlynn3
<Content>awesome condo! This condo was awesome. It is located right across the street from Waikiki beach in the heart of Waikiki. Location couldn't be any better. Our view from the 33rd floor was breathtaking. Our 2 bedroom condo was big enough for our family of 5. It was huge! The valet parking is included and the guys are very friendly-especially Eddy who could always recommend a restaurant or give us directions. twice daily maid service, free paper, bottled water on checkin, free sand toys for children and beach towels and beach supplies available to use. We definitely recommend this condo and will visit here again. NO Complaints!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>algas123
<Content>The Best 05/27 - 06/02       living room  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gowaikiki
<Content>Great stay in Waikiki Beach Tower Our family enjoyed our one week stay in the Wakiki Beach Tower very much. We got upgraded to a 2 bedroom ocean view, the ocean view from the big lani is breathtaking! We enjoyed waking up to such a beautiful view every mornings! The condo is very spacious, clean, the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The condo is located in an excellent location in Wakiki and it is across the street from the beach. The free valet parking is great especially we had a baby with us - we didn't have to spend time finding parking and walking between the hotel and the parking lot. I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>piloti5
<Content>Loved IT We just returned from a week at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower! It was awesome! The view from the lanai, the great staff, free valet parking, twice daily maid service, in room laundry facilities, full kitchen, and great location combined to make this a dream trip for my husband, myself, our adult daughter and my 80 year old mother. This was my mother's first trip to the islands so we wanted to make it special. The staff were very accomadating of our few specail requests. Our room wasn't quite ready by three but they gave us a bottle of champange, Godiva chocolates and a $100 in-room dining credit so we didn't mind the delay, just went next door for a snack until it was ready! Every staff member we encountered was friendly and willing to help with anything we needed. We had a two bedroom partial ocean view on the 17th floor. It was certainly better than most partial ocean-view rooms! We watched the surfers and swimmers every morning as we enjoyed our coffe on the lanai. The condo was a little dated and needed a few repairs but the beds were comfotable and everything worked so that was minor. We never had to wait long for the elevator even though one was being used by the renovation crew. We would recommend this condo to our friends and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mandyncat
<Content>Excellent Condo,Great Service!!Loved it!! We'll be back!!       View from our lanai  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TiQue
<Content>Great for a family of 5 We recently returned from our Hawaiian vacation and had a very nice stay at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Tower. We are a family of 5 (kids 12, 10, 8) and usually have difficultly finding accommodations that easily fit all 5 of us without getting 2 rooms. Since this is a condo style property and not a hotel it fit us great. Our condo was a partial ocean view which afforded a better than expected view of Waikiki Beach. The unit was a little dated but clean and comfortable. Ours was a 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit with kitchen ,and with daily maid service, it was the best of both worlds. We never experienced slow elevator service. The bellmen were very attentive and helpful with recommendations for great local restuarants (check out Me BBQ for Korean BBQ right around the corner). The Beach Tower offers nice big beach towels, chairs, and bamboo mats for FREE rental. There are even some boogie boards that they let you use...for FREE.As far as location, this property is located in the heart of Waikiki. zoo (5-10 minute drive). It is close to Diamond Head and the Its street entrance is well hidden with easy around the corner drive in lobby. Finding this place was a little tricky. The beach in front is great. It offers the waves of Waikiki and the protected breakwater of Prince Kuhio Beach. There are surf lessons and outrigger canoe rides right on the beach. The canoe rides were $15 per person for 3 waves, about 20 minutes worth of paddling. There are photographers on the beach to digitally record your voyage. The photos are burned to CD ($15 for 1 photo, $30 for all photos of you). This place was da kine, and I would stay here again!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So it's big.....BIG DEAL!!! I just recently stayed at this location and must say I was very unimpressed (Especially based on the reviews here). Yes, it's a big room but unless you're with a family, who needs it? I was in Oahu with my wife and thought to myself as I entered the room that if I wanted a condo, I could have easily gone to a few websites and found one for considerably less than what I paid for this place ($400+). The furniture is old and there aren't many services to speak of. I've stayed outside the main strip before (Ko Olina) and found the rooms away from Waikiki are quite spacious but not outrageous like this place. If you're with a family, this is a good choice, but if it's just you and a spouse or partner, I'd suggest someplace that offers the services of a regular hotel (room service, bar service, etc.). It's much more fun to be pampered when you're on vacation.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy Greenwald
<Content>Excellent Location and Service The hotel is in a great location and is just a few steps from the beach. You can walk to anywhere in Waikiki from the Hotel and feel safe. The service at the hotel is first rate. The staff are helpful and give great recommendations for restaurants and are just good natured about everything. This is what separates this hotel from the rest.The hotel room is above average, but has a nice balcony. The kitchen is nice to have. The bathrooms could be larger, but we felt very comfortable in the spacious room.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>memories for a lifetime! We had a wonderful vacation here at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Tower Condos (March 31 - April 9). The weather was great after having 41 days of rain. We had a couple of days that rained only a few minutes and then the sun came out. The staff was awesome and very friendly(especially the valet guys :) ) You were greeted every time with a big smile and a big ALOHA! They made you feel very welcomed. Our room had a spectular view of the ocean and Diamond Head. The bedrooms was nice. There is also a washer/dryer in this condo so pack light. There are no restaurants or bars in this resort but you can walk to many of them right down the street.We did many touristy activities but the most memorable one was our Shark Encounters Tour. It was incredible and highly recommended for pictures of a lifetime. It was the top attraction for my whole family. Captain Jimmy was awesome! Some other recommendations or musts are:Shark EncountersBlowholeHaumema Bay for snorkelingPolyesian Culture CenterDiamond HeadPearl HarborMakaha BeachParasailingTry all the beaches besides Waikiki BeachWe saw an Elephant Seal on one of the beaches sunning itself. We also saw a whale while parasailing.As for restaurants we went to Cheesecake Factory, Tikis, SeaSide,and Dukes.Thank you Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Tower. We had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit overated I'm a little surprised by such high praise of this hotel. I would probably give it a 4 star if it was similar in price to the other hotels on the Waikiki strip, but it isn't. With that in mind it needs to be compared with a higher quality hotel such as the Halekulani (or at least something in that ballpark). When it's put side by side like that, it really isn't a good buy for you money. Most of the reveiws just keep raving about location, but seriously...how big is this island? My normal commute to work is about 45 minutes so I don't mind going a little further out for better value. Afterall, I don't typically run back and forth to a hotel if I'm spending time in Waikiki (don't know many people who do). We spent some of time on the other side of the island and Turtle Bay resort was far superior to this one and at about 1/2 the price (you just have to deal with driving if you want to go to Waikiki...but it's much more relaxing than being in the city). Anyway for my money, I'll try someplace else.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CanadaMel
<Content>Absolutely no regrets...the perfect choice for us! We (family of four with 2 kids ages 6 and 4) stayed here two weeks. It was the perfect choice for us - the unit was large, the view was amazing, and the service was great. We had an ocean front room so we could see the beach from both the living area and the master bedroom.It was great to be in the middle of everything. Kuhio Beach, a calmer area (breakers for the surf) for kids, is just across the street. Just stroll outside to plenty of restaurants, shops and of course the beach. The hotel provided towels, and beach mats, plus inflatable toys for the kids. It was so nice to not have to slug all that stuff for 3 blocks; it's amazing how much stuff you bring to the beach! And when we got caught in some downpours, we just walked across the street to our room, waited it out, and went back.I know some have complained about the pool, but we loved it! It was perfect - there was hardly anyone ever there. Always a lounge chair available, the kids could play freely, and the hot tub was HOT! I personally don't care for the nicer pool areas in hotels when it means you can never find a spot and the pool is jam packed.Be wary of the negative reviews...most of them are for the RQ Waikiki Beach Hotel, not the Tower. I will say that the rooms are in need of an upgrade (fresh paint and carpets, and the cupboards were outdated), but that was going on while we were there.I would post pics, but they would be the same as those aleady posted.All in all, I highly recommend this place. For families it can't be beat!!Mel  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay       living room, dining room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Believer54
<Content>Had a great time! I have to laugh at some of the reviews that comment on the Waikiki Beach Towers lobby.......who cares! It was a small, clean lobby but that isn't what makes a vacation. The staff at the Beach Towers is what made the stay so pleasant. They were so friendly and helpful. They made us feel very welcome and made us feel that they were glad we were there! We could count on our room being tidied up every day while we were out and the turn down sevice every evening was such a nice touch.....your bed is ready to climb in and they leave a little treat on the pillow. We could walk to so many places from here and when we went to Pearl Harbor and the Polynesian Cultural Center we were within walking distance of our pick-up location. Otherwise, you can hop on the city bus to get anywhere else. Yes, the furniture is a little outdated but that didn't bother us. There were 3 couples celebrating our anniversaies and we certainly enjoyed ourselves....again, the staff was what made each day one to smile about. We stayed at another ResortQuest in Maui and they couldn't compare with Waikiki Beach Towers.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience, lots of space We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Beach Tower and had a wonderful time. Although it is true that the condos are somewhat dated they are in the process of renovating. The rooms were extremely clean and service was great. As far as the pool and hot tub area go-they are clean but stark-The size of the units and the location far outweigh the absence of an upgraded pool area. We actually spent far more time in the condo than we normally would in a hotel room because it was so comfortable. Being able to prepare breakfast and make our own cocktails saved an enormous amount of money. Having a washer and dryer was great too. It was a nice combination of having a large quite unit to retreat to and being just steps from the action of Waikiki and its beaches. This was truly one of our best stays in Waikiki and we would stay here again (unless of course it becomes cost prohibitive after the renovations.)  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower When we arrived, even though we had prepaid, they said they were overbooked and did not have a room. They sent us to another hotel, which was really a pain because we had already unloaded all of our stuff, our children etc. The staff was INCREDIBLY unhelpful and rude. The check in time was supposed to be 3:00 but they said that is the earliest check in time, and we would actually not be able to check in until much later. The location is good, but the place is also a dump with bad service. Other people were at the front desk complaining at the same time. I think this seems more like a 2 star hotel. Be wary, and DON'T prepay because you will be stuck.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old rooms, but excellent service       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jellyb
<Content>Top Rated Condo in Waikiki is Overrated I don't know about the 1-bedrooms, but the 2-bedrooms are definitely a rip-off in this place. We are seasoned vacationers with a 4 and 5-yr old. We strive to get a good value whether we are staying a in 3-star or 4-star property. We read the glowing reviews of this place and got an Entertainment rate for 50% off the rack rate of a premium ocean view 2-bedroom unit. (The rack rate at the time of this review is $776! - not much inventory in Waikiki with 2 bedrooms) So we decided to splurge this year.We are familiar with many Waikiki properties and realize most were built in the 70's so many have rooms that still have that 70's dated feel. The Beach Tower is no exception although there was renovation beginning in the lower floor units when we checked in. Right away we were extremely surprised with the almost Motel-6 like check-in area. Tiny and a bit of a dingy/worn feeling. But it's just the check-in area, big deal I thought, but surprising. We had a corner unit on the 32nd floor (I think that was in the top 3 floors). Unit was definitely 70's. Worn carpets, dark ugly woods, dated kitchen, etc. Gorgeous view of the ocean and Waikiki (and the side of the building for the middle two units that stick out farther.) At $388 a night, this was unacceptable so they moved us to a center unit which had a better 180 degree view and the master was on the view side instead of the kitchen being on the view side of the unit. Problem is, you really have to sit out on the lanai to really enjoy it (the overhang of the lanai above you is very low), or better yet hang over the railing to get the full 180 degrees from Diamond Head all the way around. All the corner units did not appear to have large windows around the corner on the other side of the building so your view from the living room is pretty narrowly focused.I initially decided to 'surrender' and spend the next 6 days paying out the nose for a mediocre 2-bedroom condo but then I took the kids down to the pool and saw the worst pool area I've seen in a long time. The pool area is tiny and not enough seating area. My wife and I would have had a hard time finding a place to sit to watch our kids swim. The sunning area is a separate area down the stairs. It is large with plenty of room but you can't sit their and keep and eye on your kids at the pool. The pool area is very plain/ugly - nothing special AT ALL. There's also a very closed in claustrophobic feel to the pool area because of the sides of the building so close by. Unacceptable. (No tennis court to boot.)So we abandoned the place and moved to the dumpier Waikiki Banyan two blocks down and 1 block in for $130/night for a 1 bedroom with a partial Ocean View on the 36th floor and a much better pool area with tennis court, putting green, playground, two hot tubs, and barbecue area. We stayed there last year so we knew what we'd be getting for our money. At 1/3 the price of the 2-bedroom at the Beach Tower, it is a MUCH better value - definitely a step down from the Beach Tower though (except for the pool area). I realize your paying for the view and location of the Beach Tower and it IS Waikiki, but lack of renovated rooms, and 2-star pool area do not justify the high prices they are charging. I'm not going to pay close to $400/night for a place that isn't worth over $300/night - about $275/night max in my estimation considering the pool area. One thing I did notice when riding the elevators (which could take 5-10 minutes to arrive, especially after 4:30 when they shut one down to let housekeeping do the turn down service.) is the majority of the guests were from Japan where I believe they are used to paying higher prices for things. If you're more concerned with location over value and want a spacious 1-bedroom or 2-bedroom condo in the heart with an unobstructed oceanfront view and don't care much about the pool and recreation facilities, you will be happy with this place (as most other reviewers were). If you have experience vacationing a lot, staying at many different places in different levels of luxury (especially with children) and are very value conscious (even if you can afford $500/night) you will be very disappointed with the value factor of the property (as you will with many Waikiki properties - but there ARE good values out there.)  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Condo - Some reviews for wrong hotel Many of the reviews in this section are for the wrong hotel. The Waikiki Beach Tower is across the street from Waikiki beach where they rent all of the surf boards, etc. Some reviews that I'm reading appear to actually be for the similarily named hotel, the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach HOTEL(not Beach TOWER.)One of the main differences between these two facilities is that the Beach Tower is an all condo high rise. It does not have any restaurants. Any reviews mentioning breakfast buffets, etc. are actually for the Beach Hotel, not the Beach Tower.Now that we have that straightened out... the Beach Tower is a very nice facility. The location cannot be beat. It is directly across the street from the most happening area of Waikiki Beach. In fact, we could see free the nightly luau on the beach right from our balcony.We registered for a partial ocean view 2 bedroom 2 bath condo on Orbitz. When we arrived we received a free upgrade to a full ocean view room. From the 15th floor, the ocean view was fantastic. Although there are actually about 30 floors in the facility. There are only 4 rooms per floor, I think that all have at least a partial ocean view or a view of Diamond Head.The balcony ran the length of our bedroom and living room, so it was quite large and nice to sit on.When we arrived to our room we received a free 1/2 sized bottle of champagne and a box of Godiva chocolates. What a nice touch. We didn't pay extra for this or ask for it. In addition, each night we received a turn-down service with a different treat.The kitchen is fully stocked with all the dishes you will need. We had six people in our condo (two on the pull out sleeper in the living room - which wasn't too comfortable.) But the unit was accomodating for the six adults we had.As most reviews mention, the service at this facility is fantastic. All the bellmen are extremely friendly and nice. Everyone smiles and greets you very pleasantly. They will give you fresh towels for the beach everyday at the bell station and take your dirty ones when you return. There is also a shower in the walkway up to the hotel to wash off your sand, etc.As I noted earlier, there are no restaurants (or room service) in this facility. But that didn't bother us. We bought a bunch of groceries our first day and we went out for dinner quite a bit too. If you have a car, there is a Costco about a 15 minute drive from the hotel. A much better deal for buying groceries than any of the local places by the beach. We also really enjoyed the pu pu menu at the Outrigger Hula Grill just across the street and to the right. From 4-6 they have a happy hour with great deals on sandwiches, appetizers, a great fish fry and drinks. They have $3.50 Mai Tais that are the best on the island. Tiki head glass and all.The furniture in the place looks like the photos on this site, but the photos were probably taken quite a few years ago. Our furniture seemed a little run down and the wood paneling on some of the cabinetry seemed like it was from the 70s. But my party all agreed that we would sacrifice the high style room for a room with a lot of space and a great location. Many hotels in Waikiki charge upwards of $15.00/night for parking. This hotel has free nightly parking. This was a great deal since we rented a car for the entire week that we were in Waikiki.If you're looking for a room with a great location and a lot of space for your group, this is the best place to stay on Waikiki beach. Aloha!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Troopman
<Content>Location, location, location...       Master bedroom  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot and a fantastic Hotel We were here in December 2005. A quick check in and they gave us a room with three beds (for our two children) and a nice mountain view with sea-glimpses on the 22nd floor.The pool deck has a great breakfast till 9.30. So my son and I would go surfing across the road and then come back to have a family breakfast overlooking Waikiki Beach.Close to everything with plenty of shopping close by and the trolley to Moana Shopping Centre stops out the front.If you can afford the Ocean view rooms try for them but anywhere in this hotel you wont be disappointed.Pros: Pool, friendly staff, great locationCons: None!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RedSoxFan95
<Content>Loved the Aston Stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach in Honolulu in November, 2005. Location is wonderful. Staff were wonderful and very accommodating (especially Clifford). The buffet breakfast was incredible - they give you an insulated bag that you can load up and take to go and/or eat on the patio. They provide beach towels and beach chairs for the beach. The rooms could use a little updating but were very clean. Would highly recommend this hotel. It's in walking distance to the International Marketplace (a must see).  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wrk4Vacations
<Content>Great location, Spacious rooms       View from 5th flooor balcony  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anono
<Content>great stay we stayed in a 2 bedroom ocean front room on the 15th floor, great position-straight across from a safe enclosed beach, close to shops. Staff very friendly towards our 3 small children, they were always willing to help out. Room service was very thorough. Definetely recommend this place.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful time We spent 5 days on Oahu at the Resort Quest Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel from August 31 to September 5, 2005 and it was wonderful. We were told that every hotel room on Waikiki Beach was filled and this was the first time this happened. The weather was great, our hotel room was very, very nice and the people were very pleasant. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who may be considering a trip to Hawaii, and if we would decide to go again, we would look to this hotel for our stay.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty good for what/where it was just came back from 6 days in waikiki- and had a great time. i've never written a report here, but after this trip felt compelled to do so- There are good things and bad things- but i think overall the good outways the bad. First the good- we stayed on the top floor, and had a decent view of waikiki beach- every morning they have breakfast, in the front area by the pool- which is a nice ammenity to have. the breakfast was pretty decent- they provide a little bag in the room and you take it down and fill it up with the things they have-not much immediate seating, but there are tables downstairs, by the street and they encourage you to have breakfast on the beach- after the 5th day, the menu repeated itself- but overall good choices- and its rare to find a hotel nowadays that actually provides breakfast- the location isnt bad- its the last hotel on the strip before you hit the zoo/park- so you do have to walk a little more, but not too bad as everything is close by- underneath the hotel, on the ground floor is an ABC store, Coldstone (yumm) and a few other stores which makes eating and shopping quite convenient- they also have quite a few internet kiosks that were great and reasonably priced. the only cons would be that the elevators are slow, and there is nonstop music coming from the restaurant- so even at night there is music going, but its not too bad. also there is no self parking, so you have to valet- which can be kind of annoying if you want to just get up and go- but overall, i would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>flipviet
<Content>ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower - Excellent! Days stayed: Sept. 15th - 21st, 2005We (4 people) stayed at the ResortQuest (formerly Aston) Waikiki Beach Tower in an ocean view suite. It has a master bedroom (king bed) with its own double sink and bath. A second bed room with 2 twin beds. A second bath room is in the hall. It has washer and dryer in the suite. Living room has dining table, sofa bed. It has a full kitchenett (with full size refrigerator with ice/water dispensers, stove, microwave, automatic rice cooker, all cooking utensils, dishes, bowls, cups, glasss, wine glasses, dishwasher)... Big sliding doors lead to balcony (with outdoor chairs/tables) overlooking Waikiki beach and the ocean!Technically, it's a condo!We stocked up with foods bought from FoodLand and Chinatown. We cooked breakfast, went on our daily ventures, then came back and cooked our own dinners. Caution: you cannot take any fresh fruits that is bought out side of Honolulu Airport back to the US mainland.Room service is provided everyday. We were able to do our own laundry in the suite! That helped a great deal. We even went home with clean laundry!PLUSES:The view is wonderful! You can watch Waikiki sunset from the balcony!The beach is right downstairs!Kitchen: save lots from eating out.Washer/Dryer: You can pack and travel very light!Staff and maids are very, very friendly.Parking: Valet - complimentary!Airconditioning! It works great! But we loved the breeze. We just turned it off and left all windows in all rooms opened all day/night!If you like fastfood, right downstairs on the left is McDonald, on the right is Jack-in-the-Box!MINUS:Internet access is dial-up from the phone in the room.NO wireless. NO highspeed!!!! Not even in the loby!It's not cheap! But it's a wonderful place to stay.ResortQuest has many hotels in Waikiki with similar names. The one we stayed and the review here is ResortQuest Waikiki Beach TOWER.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Apartments with Great View We stayed there recently. It's an all-apartment hotel, with only 4 apartments per floor. You will get either a partial or full view of Waikiki Beach (the beach is directly across the street). It's great to be able to fix your breakfast or other meals in a fullkitchen. Furnishings were in fine shape, although they perhaps needan updating. Staff was more than helpful. Prices are not cheap, butyou definitely get your money's worth here.  We were three in a one bedroom, and if I were to go back, Iwould chose the two bedroom. With a one bedroom, the third personmust use the pull-out couch and can access the bathroom, not directly, but only through the master bedroom.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hospitality They have hospitality mastered in every part of the stay. We pulled up had our car doors openned by the bellman who asked our names, he then lead us to check-in telling the manager our last name and said are here to stay with us. Just like royality. We asked to leave our car in valet parking after our check out due to a tour and were told no problem. Free valet parking, newspaper at the door every morning, washer/ dryer in the room and full kitchens. Hotel is directly across from the beach with awesome view of the ocean. Our daughter returned looking cold from her night swim in the ocean and they were there with a towel covering her up without us even asking. Spacious rooms are due for a remodel but I would definately stay again. All of the rooms are 2 bedroom suites- they simple lock the second bedroom and bath if you opt for a one bedroom. We asked if we could have the second room openned and they said it was normally an additional $50.00 per night but only charged us $25.00. We loved it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ready5
<Content>Great with kids I stayed at this hotel with my husband, 8 year old daughter and 6 year old son for a week at the end of August, 2005. The staff was phenomenal, so helpful and friendly. They gave us detailed maps every morning to help us get where we were going. If we had a problem with our room, they came right up and fixed it. They had a washer and dryer in the room and we had been worried about finding a grocery store to buy detergent. We were coming from 10 days in Japan and had lots of laundry to do. We found out that they had a small box of Tide (enough for 2 loads in the small washing machine) waiting in the room for us and brought us more when we needed it! The valets were so friendly and ready to talk to and play around with our kids (which the kids loved!). The view was terrific and the location was great. When you walked out of the hotel, the crosswalk was right in front of the hotel and then you were on Waikiki Beach! There was a huge walk-in closet in the master bedroom. All in all, they made our stay in Waikiki perfect! Thanks!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bellaaz
<Content>Full of Aloha Spirit This is a great place to stay, right across the street from Waikiki beach. From check-in to check-out we had the best vacation ever! First, the front desk staff are all so friendly and knowledgeble about attractions on the island including locations. Furthermore, they are willing to go out of their way to assist you. When I needed help getting somewhere, they would make very good suggestions to make the experience easier/better. Even before checking in, I called the hotel and Cori was very helpful in providing information regarding Fourth of July activities and Luaus on the Island. She also advised me to skip on packing beach towels, chairs and beach mats as the hotel would provide these items. We were even allowed to take the items to other beaches. The rooms themselves are huge (1200+ sq. ft), we had a 2 bedroom 2 bath on the ninth floor. At check in, we had been upgraded from a partial ocean to a full ocean view, and the view of Waikiki beach was unbelieavable. The balcony (lanai) stretched the length of the room and there were two sliding glass doors to access it, one from the living room and one from the master bedroom. The lanai had a nice seating area where morning coffee could be enjoyed and surfers would be seen bright and early. There is a huge walk-in closet in the master bedroom, and the fully equipped kitchen allows you to save on meals and cook yourself if you prefer to. Another plus is that we did not go home with dirty laundry as there is a washer and dryer in each unit. The only possible drawback is that there are no restaurants on premises, but Waikiki is loaded with places to eat. Duke's at the Outrigger and the Oceanarium at the Pacific Beach Hotel right next door are great places to enjoy breakfast. There is also a McDonald's right next door, which suprisingly had a local style breakfast consisting of eggs, spam, portuguese sausage and white rice! Tiki's Bar and Grill at the other Aston property is great for Dinner. Now back to the staff, the valet staff is awesome! My 10-year-old thought Gregg was the coolest ever, and he would receive a shaka or hang loose every time we passed him. All the valet staff helped us out beyond our expectations. My father was in a wheelchair, and they made sure we were taken care of to the fullest extent. My son actually got teary eyed when we left Hawaii, because not only is it a very healing place, but our experience at the Waikiki Beach Tower made us feel part of a family. We will definitely stay at the Waikiki Beach Tower during our next trip to Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Kept Secret on the Island!!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!! We just returned home from a 9 day stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower. Our vacation was absolutely fantastic!! From check-in to check-out, we had a great time! The staff is awesome, especially the valet's Ed, Russ, Gregg, and Eddie. They were so friendly, and were great with the kids! The housekeeping staff was very friendly and courteous! The twice daily maid service was great! Everynight our beds would be turned down and little treat would be left for us. (Chocolates, cookies, macadamia nuts, etc...) Everytime we passed the front desk we were greeted with a smile and Aloha! Having a full kitchen, and washer and dryer in the room was very convenient for our family of 4. We had an excellent oceanfront room on the 10th floor. (Room 1002) The closets were huge and there was more than enough cabinet/storage space. Walking the streets of Waikiki can be exhilirating or frustrating depending on your preference for action or relaxation. There was alot to see, and tons of shops, most of which were ABC stores. There were street performers, and artists up and down the beachfront strip. The International Marketplace was just a few blocks away. We rented a car for the length of our stay, so we really had a chance to explore the island. It was nice to escape the hub-ub of Waikiki, and see some of the other great beaches. I highly recommend renting a car for at least a couple of days to really get out and see the other parts of the island. We will definitely stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower the next time we visit Oahu!! Aloha!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigfatchad
<Content>Wonderful stay!! We stayed for 7 nights in the condos. Staff was very nice. Our rooms had great view of Waikiki Beach. We had our 10 month old with us and the extra large rooms enabled her to practice her walking without bumping into everything. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rossstreet
<Content>Great for a condo near the beach with good service We stayed a week, enjoyed the property and would stay there again. With a small child, we wanted a 1 bed condo close to the beach (so we wouldn't have to schlep everything for blocks to the beach) and it worked out very well.It's not cheap ($300+/night). At that price level, you might expect a property comparable to a higher end chain like Ritz or Four Seasons. It's not. And that is okay as long as you know going in what your $300+ is paying for.What you are paying for is a condo, large rooms, a pleasant staff, and a location across the street from the beach. Plus there are two ABC Stores next door, too. Plus valet parking is complementary, and there is a clothes washer/drier in each unit.My only gripes (minor as they are) would be:- because it is not a large hotel, there isn't always a lot of staff around and it took a while for our bags to get delivered to the room after checking in.- the building is 21 years old and is starting to show the wear and tear of 21 years. Some stains on the carpet, chipped or cracking countertops, things like that. Nothing major though.- they started doing room maintenance the morning we checked out. Not sure why they could not have waited until we actually checked out.Overall, we liked it and would go back.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great getaway at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower! Just returned from a 8 night stay in Waikiki. We were treated like family from the moment we arrived. We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival that we had been upgraded to a full ocean view and that (at 12 noon) our room was ready for us. It was very clean and spacious. We felt so comfortable and relaxed. We walked to lunch at Cheeseburgers in Paradise, then were off to the beach! The staff spoiled us rotten, even insisted on bringing up my groceries for me! We had many meals in...it was like home away from home! The twice daily maid service was a special treat. We were able to borrow everything essential for a great day at the beach, chairs, mats, towels, snorkel gear...even boards for body surfing! Everything is close by, the view was heavenly and having the laundry facility in my room was a HUGE bonus...came home with all clean clothing! We were so sad to leave, felt like we were leaving friends. We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>draino1
<Content>Heaven in Hawaii       Living area w/ seperate bedroom  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AVATE4U
<Content>Great Condo! Just arrived home after a REAL vacation! This proptery is just wonderful. We stayed 5 nights. Eddy and Gregg, the doormen are GREAT! John, at the frontdesk is very kind. We had the Grandparents, two kids (all under the age of 4 years), and us, Mom and Dad. A spur of the molment trip as we work for an airline. Glanced over the reviews, and asked fellow co-workers where to stay, they ALL said this was a great place to park and not have to do anything, they were right! Right across from the Kuhio beach, on Waikiki Beach, (check out the LIVE cameras on the web, just put in the Hawaii transportation site...that is YOUR beach!) The rooms are very clean and well layed out. Beautiful views, we were on the 15th floor, very quiet, (don't go any lower than that), as the Circle Hotel is right in front and can block your view if staying in a room with a 4 in it...Each floor has 4 condo's on it. 1, 2, 3, 4...4 is an end suite, and 3 is in the middle. 1 and 2 are on the Diamond Head side. Some rooms have a partial view of the ocean, or a FULL ocean view ( we could see it ALL in a partial) and the back of the room is a view of the mountains, the BEST of both world's. The pool is very nice and the hot tub, great!We brought with us, EZ Mac and Cheese, popcorn, and packaged oatmeal, for the microwave. Three ABC store's are right outside the door, and you can pick up liquor, mixers, beer, water, sodas, milk, oj, sweet rolls, cereal, crackers, cheese, chips and dips, fruit etc.. beach rafts/bags, sand toys, thongs, t-shirts, bathingsuits, dresses, candies, and all kinds of stuff! For fast food you have it ALL! Jack in the Box, McDonald's and Burger King. There is Coffee EVERYWHERE and in your room! At the Hyatt, nextdoor, there is a place called Kimo's Coffee with FREE wireless internet, they just ask that you buy something, NO problem! The condo has dish soap, dishwasher soap, washing machine soap, and soap and shampoo in your rooms, so do not bring it! You also have and iron and board. Towels are changed daily, as is bedding, and you have BEACH TOWELS, too! We enjoyed the DVD, and VHS player, with the cable TV...we brough movies and Cd's to listen to while hanging out the the room. And the kids could play video games...which they did not do, as they were so tired from a day at the beach!We went to dinner at the TIKI Lounge, great with kids and HUGE portions. We went to Duke's, Shorebird, Chili's, Hula Grill, all wonderful! There is a BIG grocery store across the street from Chili's, if you need things like diapers,and/or larger grocery items not found at the ABC. All in all a five star rating for this place. You do not need or want a car on Honolulu, (they do have Free parking, at the property for one car). We took Robert's shuttle to the hotel, roundtip, CHEAP! And used the city bus to get around. But the condo was SOOOOO nice, we just wnated to hang out there!Have fun and Aloha!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel for family vacation Stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower for spring break with 2 teenagers and had a generally pleasant experience. Spacious 2-bedroom suite with beautiful water view, fabulous bellmen and valet parking service, with a few inconsistencies in service. We arrived at the hotel at noon, were told our 2-bedroom suite would be ready between 2:30 and 3 pm, and were given an excellent recommendation for a nearby casual restaurant for a restorative lunch. However, at 3 pm we were told that our room would be ready 'sometime' that afternoon. I had to insist on guaranteed 3 pm check-in to get our room. The desk clerk became hostile when I insisted on 3 pm check-in, turned his back on me and refused to speak. We observed several other family parties between noon and 3 pm that were checked-in immediately to 2-bedroom suites on nearby floors, so it was difficult to understand our wait. At the rates you pay for this hotel this kind of service is not acceptable.The rooms are a bit run down, though generally clean and comfortable (and roomy). Unfortunately our maid service was anytime between 10 am and 4 pm so it was difficult to make a point of being out of the room to get out of their way. Evening turn-down service and linen replacement is a real treat when you've been on the beach all day and leave your bathroom messy while cleaning up before dinner. It's quiet, quiet, quiet at this hotel. I never heard another guest or maid service in other suites. There's a supermarket two long blocks away on Kuhio, across the street from Chili's restaurant. Good prices, good selection, easy walk to hotel, MUCH cheaper than ABC stores.The pool and sundeck are clean and nice, and generally sparsely populated, so a great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. There's even a large shaded area on the sundeck to enjoy the heat but avoid being cooked alive.Can't say enough about the marvelous guys handling baggage and cars -- always made our day!Recommendations in Waikiki:Eat at Tiki's up the street--super service and good food! Don't bother with Top of Waikiki -- lousy service. Duke's Canoe Club is okay if Red Lobster is your idea of fine dining, otherwise go there for the people-watching, not the food.Go to Germaine's Luau, and try to get Cousin Greg as your host on the bus there and back. His patter made the time fly, and after many mai tai's on the beach, he made the ride home hysterical, and the ideal end to a great week in Honolulu. Even our teenagers found him a riot. The luau itself is like every other I've been to, but the bus trip was the best part and worth every $.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Michiganders loved the spacious and friendly environment Spring break at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower April 2005 was a great choice for a family. Because we were traveling with a teenager, we wanted the space provided in a two bedroom, two bathroom unit. This condo is indeed spacious. TV in the master bedroom and in the livingroom. DVD player in the LR, and they brought us a VCR to tape the MSU mens and womens basketball big 10 championship games, at no charge. Things I wish I had known : 1. Don't pack coffee or laundry detergent, the twice daily maid service furnishes both. 2. Bring a small suitcase filled with grocery items for the week, then you can re-pack the suitcase with your great shopping finds on the return flight home. Wonderful location for shopping!3. For milk and other essentials, this hotel is located within a few feet of an ABC store that has all you need. There is an even bigger store (Longs Pharmacy) at the Alona Shopping Mall about 1 1/4 miles west, a $2.00 public bus ride away. ($1.00 for students)  4. Do not grab fresh fruit as a snack to stick in a carry on bag for the return flight home. I bought a single banana for $1.59 at the ABC store just before departing for the airport, and they took it away due to the agricultural rules on the island. They even took away our 2 remaining Michigan apples. It's aparently okay to bring over a banana and an apple, but not okay to leave with them. Who knew?5. Waikiki is VERY WINDY. Ladies, be prepared with a light layer of jacket or wrap for morning and evening. My husband never used an additonal layer. Must be a guy thing.6. Waikiki gets a misty rain spattering on and off throughout the day. Sometimes it is barely noticable, other times you'd prefer to seek cover. An umbrella isn't a bad idea, along with a rain poncho if you plan to hike in the rainforest area to see the waterfalls.7. All of the attractions (Luau's, cruises, special tours) take your picture then sell it to you for $20.00 I wish I had known this, I would have stategically chosen what to wear, removed the sunglasses, etc. 8. About one block behind the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower on Kuhio Ave and two blocks west, is an Internet access site. (Can I mention the Fishbowl by name?) Our teenager was very happy about being able to instant message her friends.9. We stayed the week without renting a car. The Bus has a great route to Diamond head, and up to the Nature Preserves and bays that I can not spell. The attractions and tours pick up either at your hotel or directly across the street. Very easy.10. Explore all of he other near by area beaches and hotels, just for fun. There is a great beach just a 15 minute walk west, located at the Army base. It is open to the public. It has the best shade and is away from the noise and traffic in front of the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower. Make sure you learn the exact name of this hotel. There is also an Aston Waikiki Beach hotel. Easy to get these confused. Start practicing the name of this hotel now. You will often be asked where you are staying. Aloha  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Outstanding Location We are at the hotel at this moment, for a 10 day stay at the end of February 2005. The rooms are spacious, the Lanai is great, and the view is priceless. We occupy a two bedroom suite on the 31st floor, so nothing obstructs the view of the ocean, Diamon Head, or the beach. The fully stocked kitchen (dishes etc.), washer and dryer, and complimentary valet parking are all worth the price of acmission. We love it here.The Vuez clan.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sixpalz
<Content>Add my five stars Our family of 6 stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower for about a week in the summer of 2004, in a two-bedroom oceanfront condo. After just coming from a quiet resort on the Big Island, we were in shock at the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. Once we got up to our rooms in the Beach Tower and settled in we knew we would love it there for different reasons--all the comforts of home and the convenience of being high above but still at Waikiki. The location is great--plenty of restaurants and shopping right out the front door. The beach is a let-down, but we enjoyed watching the surfers from high above. Having the kitchen and the washer/dryer was great. The hotel staff was friendly and our rooms were well-kept, though a little dated. We never waited long for the elevator. This is a great place for families--highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Quackers7
<Content>Aston Waikiki is #1 accomadation We stayed at the Aston Waikiki the week of January 31/05. The hotel is situated at the quiet end of Waikiki, one block from the zoo and right across the street from the beach. From our balcony we had a stunning view of the ocean and the unforgettable sunsets. On the other side of the hotel was a clear view of Diamond Head. The room had a king size bed and lots of space. A buffet breakfast is available every morning with the most flavorful Kona coffee. The hotel provides all services such as Internet access, sightseeing activities, hairdryer, iron etc. Entertainment at Tiki's Bar  Grill through the day and night. Our room was soundproof and it was a wonderful vacation. Would definitly stay there again.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samslik
<Content>The best yet My wife and I just returned from 6 nights at the Aston Tower. Although it was our first trip to Hawaii we have traveled quite a bit throughout the world and must say, the Tower is without a doubt the best. The accomodations were great, the staff was very friendly and professional. We opted for the 1 bedroom deluxe ocean front. The rooms were very spacious, the twice daily maid service was great. The only down side I might thing of is the great ocean front balcony. We spent way to many hours sitting out there enjoying the relaxing view when we should have been out sight seeing. I must say, it was well worth the extra money we spent to get a room here.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A suite room! The hotel room was like a suite. It had a large living room with a very comfortable foldaway bed in the couch. We had a king size bed in the bedroom. The kitchen was comparable to a house size kitchen. Dining area was big. There were plenty of closet space and a stacked washer and dryer. Laundry detergent and dish soap were provided. All kitchen utensils, dishes, and pots and pans are also provided. We made our own breakfast everyday, took our lunch to the beach, and went out for dinner at night. It was a great deal.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful We stayed here for a week in September 2004 and it was wonderful. Very clean and the staff was very accommodating. We had a oceanfront room and it was worth every penny. You are directly across from the beach so you can hear the waves at night. I will always stay here when visiting Oahu from now on and highly recommend it to anyone else.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's not to love! Where do I begin? To say that we had a wonderful slice of paradise while in paradise is the best way to describe this place. First let me say the staff was magnificent. We were treated with the utmost respect.The suite was well mantained and the staff was friendly and helpful.This property is located in a wondeful location. Just minutes from the beach, shopping, nightclubs, resturants, parks.....I could go on an on but i think you get the picture. Oh but I must warn you. If you stay at this beautiful beach front property you might not want to leave.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful Experience Arrived at night in pouring down rain, had only general idea where hotel was located, called the hotel, friendliest guy in the world answered and talked me all the way there. ( And if you've never been to Hawaii, there are no big glowing neon signs to point you to your destination!) Staff warm and genuinely friendly. Every need we had was met quickly. Place was clean and tidy, twice daily maid service, great view of ocean, beach across the street! Excellent place to stay!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CBergmanRN
<Content>Loved the Aston Beach Towers on our First Stay in Hawaii We spent a week in October at the Aston Beach Towers and loved it! Staff were so friendly and helpful.........especially Greg at the valet desk. He was so helpful in giving suggestions and directions, always with a smile. The front desk clerks also nothing but polite. Housekeeping was exceptional....rooms very clean. Service twice a day with towels replaced as soon as used and bed turndown at night with a special treat on your pillow. Being over 55, we were given an upgrade to an oceanview room.......outstanding. The view of the ocean was fantastic. No restaurants on premises, but many good restaurants (and shopping) within walking distance. We will not hesitate to stay at this hotel again if and when we return to Oahu!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our home away from home My husband just returned from a marvelous stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower. We have had several vacation trips to Oahu. We thought our previous accommodations were good. Staying at the Wakiki Beach Tower was like experiencing the wonderful island of Oahu for the first time! The room was incredible. It had the most spectacluar view of the ocean and all the excitement of Waikiki. The fully furnished kitchen was perfect. We spent every morning on the lanai eating a home cooked breakfast. It was very romantic! We were in Hawaii celebrating our 23rd wedding anniversary. We plan on celebrating many more at the Wakiki Beach Towers. All of the staff members were very friendly and courteous. If you have any doubts about this hotel, feel free to e-mail us! It is absolutely the place to stay. Aloha! Tony and Dana McDaniel  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! The beach tower is an incredible hotel. The room was excellent!!! It was clean, spacious and was fully loaded with all the necessities. The view was fantastic! We had a room with a partial view only because a smaller hotel was located to the right of us. Even with that, we still had a panoramic view of the water. I'm sure the people on the higher floors would confirm my statement.The staff was very courteous and informative. We were always greeted with a smile and a friendly mahalo. The hotel is located right next to everything, the beach, couple blocks from The Marketplace, a few more blocks from the DFS and novelty stores. I would give this hotel an A+.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Property After a terrible night at the Aston Waikiki Sunset (old, dirty rooms), we switched to the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower. What a pleasant surprise. The rooms were very large and the furnishings were pleasant! We had two young children and a babysitter traveling with us - everyone had plenty of room. The view was magnificent and the location couldn't have been more convenient. We were in Hawaii for a destination wedding. Our suite was large enough to accommodate a number of guests for a pre-party. We would return to this property and think it is a good value for the area (large room sizes, good location, nice furnishings).  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't be Better! We couldn't fault this wonderful condo. After reading lots of reviews of lots of places, I'd have to say that everything was excellent (except for the American fondness for dim lighting!) (I had to remove the lamp shades so we could read). No elevator queues, friendly competent staff in all areas, gorgeous condo, great location and views, masonry construction (so no noise transference between condos) - no street noise with doors closed. We had been staying on the north shore in a house I'd booked over the internet, and it was ok at best, so finding accommodation in Waikiki Beach Tower at the last minute was fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rockn6
<Content>Excellent vacation! I just had to take a minute and write about what a high quality, enjoyable hotel the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower is. It is beautiful to look at, the location and view are perfect and the friendliness and proffesionalism of the staff by far surpasses any hotel we have ever encountered. Mandy, Gregg and Ed are three of the most helpful and eager employees we have ever come across. They address you by name and make you feel very important and special. The housekeeping and maintence people are wonderful, too. They truly made this my family's best vacation ever and we would return here in a heartbeat! Thanks so much!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harleyfatboy03
<Content>what a view! we just returned 6/30 from a one week stay at the aston waikiki beach towers. we'd go back in second. we booked the one bedroom, full ocean view. it has a hugh lanai, with chairs and a table. great for early morning breakfasts. very spacious and comfortable. it was great to have a washer/dryer. the kitchen was fully stocked with all the cooking untensils you would need to fix a complete dinner. all appliances full size. very clean throughout. everyone was very nice . especially ED at the front desk. very helpfull and courteous. the location is great, just cross the street and your on waikiki beach. they will even loan you beach chairs and mats. buy a blow up mat at the abc store just feet from the entrance and your ready to go (abc will blow up the mat for .60 cents). the food/ restaurants were very expensive . next time i'd take the bus/taxi down the road a few miles to the safeway and stock up on the fixings for at least a few meals . you could probably eat for a week on what it costs for one dinner for 3. the cheescake factory on the main drag (a five minute walk from the tower) was really good, lots of choices for dinner or lunch, and the cheesecake was great(try the key lime cheesecake). take the e noa tour for the arizona and circle island. we had a guide named jeremy. he was really good. very interesting. the beach towers was expensive but we weren't dissapointed at all. well worth it. all the previous tripadvisor reviews for the beach tower helped me make my decision. they were right on the money. hope this helps someone too. can't wait to return to the waikiki beach towers.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ulkh
<Content>The Best Place We Have Stayed At The Aston Waikiki Beach Tower is the best place we have ever stayed at! It is located right across the street from the beach, walking distance to International Market. Everyone working at the Beach Tower treated us like royalty. They were genuinely courteous, friendly, and attentive. We were upgraded to an ocean front two bedroom for a very reasonable price. The lanai was huge and we spent a good amount of time enjoying the unobstructed view from Diamond Head to the Sheraton. Our condo was new, extremely clean, quiet, nicely decorated, and very spacious. We had a television in every room and a washer/dryer in our unit that came in handy. Maid service was provided twice daily. Everything about the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower made our visit to Honolulu so enjoyable. We definitely will stay there again and will recommend it to our friends. (Don't confuse this with the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel.)  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Just got back from a week at the Aston Waikiki Beach Tower. Fabulous accomodations, exceeded our expectations. Great for a family of four. Spacious and well-kept. View and location was spectacular. It really spoiled us for future vacations. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jfadmd
<Content>Service with a View Great Location , Valet Parking and the most luxurious condo. I've ever stayed in . This place has it all ,plus a great staff who are attentive to your needs . Look no further.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikeEGrandIsland_NY
<Content>Loved the Beach Tower   showReview(1787432, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful weekend We took our family to Waiiki Beach for Easter break. The Aston Beach Tower was a wonderful experience! We were greeted by the desk manager and quickly checked in. All of the staff we encountered were happy and extremely helpful! The rooms were better than we expected with plenty of room for our family of 5 to move around! What a great experience, we'd go back tomorrow!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Condo and One of the Best Properties in Waikiki   showReview(1765158, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Wakiki Beach - Family Friendly and Overall nice place   showReview(1664286, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjokelley
<Content>Incredible!!   showReview(1550976, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yipyap
<Content>One of the best places to stay in Honolulu!   showReview(1533198, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>even bigger than I expected, better than I can describe       View of hotel from Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mops1234
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Tower Condos are a great way to go with family!   showReview(1283404, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lakeshore18
<Content>Beautiful property with a friendly staff   showReview(1212667, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Aston Waikiki Beach Tower   showReview(1135337, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel   showReview(925531, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otonozo
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(23174566, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>   showReview(22290932, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(22855471, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>
<Content>No.1?#x201d;   showReview(21364740, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21745277, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21745212, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iikou
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21038037, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20995055, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21745106, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21744986, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21744713, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21744638, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20753464, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ma3577
<Content>   showReview(19590454, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>
<Content>?#x201d;       ?/a>  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19914495, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19172174, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19170686, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19168628, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19167826, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19165560, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19164362, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19163357, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19163016, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19162876, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161097, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19157744, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>33...   showReview(19926782, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925292, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925150, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19924987, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19924523, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19923063, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921241, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921228, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921119, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19918784, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19918285, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917945, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917619, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

