<Author>travel0173
<Content>Worst Vacation of my life! Beyond the worst vacation of my life! If you want to go to this hotel I reccomend you learn spanish, bring your own food and booze (it was so watered down there\'s no point to even drinking it) and a face mask as the fumes from the ridiculous amount of trolly's, motor bikes, and garbage trucks are enough to kill the healthest lungs. You better be a smoker because no-smoking does not exist, and don\'t expect clean towles, or sheets. If you have young femals traveling with you, keep your eyes on them as the many of the men working there are very rude and inappropriate. I will not be back!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>k80gsp
<Content>Lovely area, Hotel to big       out  about  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>want_2_go_away_again
<Content>Perfectly manicured paradise with some glitches       grounds  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Raspberrysorbet
<Content>The most chilled-out Christmas ever! I had a lot of jitters before leaving thanks to SOME of the reviews here but thankfully our experience was nothing compared to theirs.As you have probably already heard, the various sections of this hotel: the Diamond, Golden Club, Punta Cana, Ambar  Bavaro are all the same hotel - just positioned in different areas. We had a junior suite in the Punta Cana  were as a result closer to the beach. My husband  kids took the trolley to the reception lobby, but very often I got there at the same time by power-walking my way though the beautifully laid out gardens. (I had to work off all that delicious food)The buffet restaurants, beach snack bars  a la cartes were all ample,  catered to different cultural tastes. The bars in the lobby areas have attentive staff (that walk around asking you for your drink orders)  amazing cocktails which they quite willingly prepare 'sin-alcohol' for the children. If you are up for something spicy -try the piccante Bloody Mary at the pool bar.The room was clean, large,  more than adequate. The bathroom clean. modern,  big. The emphasis is on cleanliness. you see that all through the hotel from morn to night. We decided to tip the pool cleaners  gardeners as well as we felt they are sometimes forgotten. We learnt that they all work about 10hrs a day  only go home when they are dismissed. Our children: ages 14  11 loved the beach, the pool  the food. The beach was cleaned every morning as even the glass panes that separated the beach from the pool are! My husband suffered sunburn  sunstroke while were there. But thankfully the worst was over after a day. The in-house doctor was very helpful at putting us at rest. There is an animation team that do a stretching class, games, marenge by the pool/ beach at scheuled times. But in general I would have loved to see the merenge or lain dancing become the central part of the entertainment especially in the evenings. There were various shows in the evening but lip syncing is not our idea of entertainment. My husband  I took in the (less advertised) house band in the Principe Peublo area (the market area) on a couple of the nights - it was a pleasure listening to people make their own music. We were here after all for the sprirt of the Dominican not the usual pop trash that we can listen to at anytime -anywhere.We did go on one excursion :the Out-back Safari. This one's for you if you want an insight into how people live  a closer look at the flora: coffee, cocoa, coconut industires. We were very pleased we did it -even the kids, as that is the 'Dominican' we want to remember. It was unspoilt,  untouched. If you do go on any trips remember to give the local children gifts other than money, as giving them money encourages them to beg.If I were to change just one thing it would be the size of the hotel. This was a busy time  so yes, we did expect the occassional queue. But we manged to avoid those completely  were amazed at the efficiency of the staff in accomodating everyone with a smile.TIPS: It is a good idea to ask your travel agent in the hotel for departure forms to fill at your leisure in your room rather than trying to hurriedly do it on the way to the airport.DO check you bill at check out - we found we were being charged for something we hadn't bought. It wasn't a big issue  got sorted out eventually.To sum up : we would definately try the bahia principe again at another location. This was our most chilled out Christmas ever- with not a sprout ....ooops....care in the world.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CandyandGinger
<Content>Awsome Christmas Holiday!!!! We just returned home from this amazing place. We had the best time there. I don't want to ramble on about every detail just that our experience here was fantastic and i can't wait to go back again. We had read many reviews before we went on this trip and the people that are complaining would probably complain regardless of where they were. Grounds are huge and it does take a day to figure out where your at. Everything looks the same. Very clean grounds and no bugs. The beaches and water are unbelievable.The food was better than we expected lots to choose from but could have been hotter at the buffett. Really enjoyed the Mediteranean restauraunt.We left our housekeeper about $3.00 per day on the pillow and she did such a good job. She even came back in the evening while we were out for our dinners and remade the bed, left candy or chocolates and even sometimes changed our pool towels. Her name was Lucia. All in all this was very enjoyable for us and we had teenagers who also loved it. They met so many other teens on this trip and always seemed to keep busy doing something.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>bshepp
<Content>Very Beautiful I stayed at the Bahia Principe from Nov. 22nd to 30th and I can not say enough good about this resort. The rooms were immaculate and the service all around was friendly and quick. The people there are wonderful, always full of smiles and most hugged as well. They certainly make you feel at home. The pool areas were all well maintained and although I didn't spend much time at the beach, preferred the pool the sand was lovely and clean and the water crystal clear. The buffet restaraunts always had plenty of food and it was all well presented and tasty. I found the Mediterainian alacart the best and the steak was mouth watering. We didn't take any excursions off the resort as we have done them all in past visits. This is a very large resort but, they have trams running every minute or so to take you around the place and to the beach. If you are thinking about a holiday here forget about any bad feed back, it's a great place with loads to do, lovely people, great food, good drink and loads of fun and relaxation. Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carribean-travel14
<Content>Amaziing!!! GREATEST place to spend with family       the garden gril restaurant  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fairandhonest
<Content>Not a 5 star, expect 4 star and no more ! Mixed Reviews - Explanation-We have been on over 40 all inclusive vacations. We have been to Punta Cana 6 times. We always book a 5 star and we know what we are talking about.-We went with our 11 year old daughter-This is a huge property with about 5 separate hotels/sections. Gran Bahia Punta Cana, Gran Bahia Bavaro, Ambar, Golden Principe, Diamond section, Premier and more. There are at least 5 lobbies. With this big a property and this many employees you will no doubt be disappointed with something and this hotel is not for those seeking a high quality, classy quaint place. - There are lots of employees and most employees are great but some do not care so if you meet the ones that don't care you will be disappointed. -There are many buffets but its a quantity objective with so many people to feed so do not expect high quality 5 star food or service but rather expect good cafeteria style all lined up. The food is fine, a bit repetitive, and you will have some good meals and some not so good.-The resort is noisy all night because the shuttle buses are very noisy and they run until 3 am and start again at 6 am and they run throughout the property. Even if your doors are closed you will hear them. You need the shuttles because even as athletic as we are the constant walking/running rather large distances is just exhausting. If you get a room near the main lobby you will hear the 9pm show and then the rerun late show at 10:30 pm.-The pools are nice and the beach is beautiful but these can be found at most of the hotels in Punta Cana.-The shows are for the most part pretty good for a resort like this.-There were not a lot of organized activities and some pretty basic if you were lucky to find them (bingo, mini put, mini golf is pretty good, darts, bike riding, pool activities almost non existent, beach activities few and far between) Don't come late because we were denied any bingo after the start.- Towels and towel cards. They ran out every day ! Get towels early or you may not get any. This is a huge resort with many guests and at peak times or rainy days they run out. Again, this is a mass market hotel.-They will fix problems with the rooms or switch your room. With a big property like this there are many many problems but they do get resolved. We heard of no hot water, requests for certain room types that the hotel claims they did not know about, no in room towels, etc. In all cases we also heard the hotel made good.-We highly recommend the premier section. It will give you the highest quality service and you will not pay extra. Do not pay extra for any section because it is not worth 2 pennies more. Its a bit of a marketing ploy. The Dalhia buffet in the Premier section is the best of the buffets. The specialty restaurants are for the most part not bad but quite frankly the Dalhia was better because the specialty restaurants still do not deliver 5 star at best 4 star.-So if you ask is there a better place in Punta Cana we say there is. The Riu Palaces (Macau or Punta Cana) are true 5 star service and quality and you pay maybe $500 more but its totally worth it if you want a 5 star experience.-Overall we could not stay at the Bahia Principe again because we know that for the money you can get more and we do not accept the short comings that we noted. But, there are lots of people who go to the Bahia Principe are very happy because they do not know better, really only want a 4 star experience, met some good employees who they bonded with or like really huge properties.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>gmbf
<Content>GOOD - BUT NOT A 5 STAR AS ADVERTISED Punta Cana: Gran Bahia Principe (Punta Cana section)Date: Dec. 12, 2008Reviewer: Cambridge, ONJust returned from a 2-week vacation at the Gran Bahia, Punta Cana. FLIGHT: Air transat/economy class (Nolitours) - dep. delayed 3 hours. Packed like sardines, in-flight food out of a box. Nothing to brag about with Air Transat. We paid $35/ea for the bulkhead seats (not worth it), yes you have the leg room, but the isle seat has been added to the row, and you are constantly being banged on, as people pass your seat in the isle. CHECK-IN: Done on the bus on the way to the hotel, great idea. Beer available in the bus for 3usd (if wanted). Upon arrival at the hotel, you identify your luggage, and right of way, you are driven to your room w/your luggagge, no waiting, great.HOTEL: This resort is comprised of 3 hotels (Punta Cana, Bavaro and Ambar), and within each hotel there are several types of accommodations/privileges, which are identified by sections(Golden, Premier, Ambar, Diamond, etc). The resort is massive, and for the first day, a liitle confusing. If you are not prepared to do alot of walking, and spend some of your holiday time doing so, there are buses that will take you around the resort, usually with very little waiting time. Your package will designate your priviliges and which restaurants/pools, etc. you are allowed to go to.GROUNDS: Very nice, and well manicured, green and lush. No bugs.ROOM: Spacious w/sitting area and balcony. Bathroom again very spacious and both very clean. AC a little noizy. Our room never did get cleaned until after 5pm. BEACH: Very nice, clean, ample chairs, however, you must be at the beach before 10am or so, after that, it may be a challenge to find a chair...and by the way, watch your stuff. We had our magazines (and chairs) taken on a couple of occasions. BARS/DRINKS: We found the alcohol drinks to be watered down, we could drink margaritas all day/night and not feel nor taste the alcohol. Mostly local brands, even though they advertise international brands, they are very very selective, I asked for a grand marnier and was told it was not included (had to pay $6usd) when it was visibly placed on the bar shelf. Something we have not experienced at any other all inclusive resort. If it's not included its not available. We were not impressed by this. One person in our group liked a certain brand of gin, which was included, however, we noticed that many times they would give you a local brand instead. Only after you asked did they change it to the international brand. We felt ripped-off. The wine, the worst we have ever had. ENTERTAIMENT: At the lobbie, some times live music, a solo pianist, etc. other times a DJ. The theme shows - typical. The disco, we never did go. FOOD: Buffet, not the best, most certainly not a 5 star (as proclaimed). More like a 3 star. A La Carte restaurants, we found to be good. We use our entire privileges on the A La Carte. However, Xmas eve dinner was a great one (huge selection of food choices, and special deserts). The wine is not good, and is the same at all the restaurants.STAFF: The best, always friendly and with a smile on, eager to help, and make your vacation a pleasant one. Knowing a little Spanish helps alot.VACATIONERS: Eastern Europeans (Russians, Polish), Canadians, Italians, Portuguese. Majority extremely polite, friendly and considerate of other guests, others extremely arrogant and plain rude. Even towards the staff we notice some rude remarks from guests, that were not called for at all. OVERALL: We had a great vacation, made the best of it. Howerver, we didn't find this resor to live up to the 5 star as proclaimed, or at the least not in the section we were in. Perhaps the Ambar or the Premier are a 5 star? but if that is the case they should advertise it as such, and not be misleading. This was our fourth time in Punta Cana, first time at this resort. We would not return to it, nor reccommend it.MOTHER NATURE: Some raining days, which would clear up quickly. Only one day, we were not able to make it to the beach, due to weather.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>dan1970
<Content>Great value for the dollar       Xmas tree  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CanadaMatt
<Content>The reviews are right. Immaculate Hotel. I'm not sure what more I can add that the other 2000 reviews haven't covered, but I'll have a go.The hotel is immaculate  huge. I saw repainting going on several times while there, everything was swept, ashtrays were emptied daily, no garbage or empty cups littered the pool and beach areas. That's an amazing feat given the 2000 rooms and 2400 staff work at the Bahia Principe and its subsections (Punta Cana, Ambar, Bavaro, etc.)Most of the staff don't speak English - but then again, I don't think many of the visitors do either. More than half of the resort was filled with European tourists from France, Germany, Italy, etc. It's important to put the resort in context:1.) Dominican Republic is a 3rd world country2.) Unemployment is 35%. Inflation is 28% annually thanks to influx of tourist dollars3.) Outside of the resort, you are lucky to have running water  electricity is very unreliable. Take a tour and see the real DR. The resort is just a great illusion. 4.) Average wage is $300-$400 per MONTH if you are lucky enough to have a job.5.) The resort deals with visitors from all over the world - not just Canadians  Americans. Each has their own needs and diverse expectations.Given the surroundings and circumstances, the resort  staff do an outstanding job. I never saw any staff give attitude to customers, they always had a smile on their face. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for visitors, several of whom I saw taking out their frustrations on employees at the resort. I never felled pressured for tips - can't say the same for most of Mexico. If I had to name a few downsides to the resort its:1.) Lack of chairs by the pool2.) Average food at dinnertime. I tried 4 of the restaurants. The best meal I had was at the Mediterranean (Prime Rib). I admit my food standards are pretty high though, and I regularly spend $200-$300 on a meal for two in Canada at a nice restaurant. 3.) Beach was quite crowded4.) Stall vendors in the Pueblo were annoying With regards to Internet access  Wi-Fi at the resort. There is an Internet cafe ($12 USD or so for 1 hour. You can use the 60 minutes over a period of 5 days). You can also purchase Wifi access in the lobby for $15/day if you want to bring your own laptop on vacation. Don't expect Wifi in your room though. You can also rent laptops for $20/day. Overall, this is the best of the all-inclusive resorts I've stayed at.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blusher
<Content>Towel on a Chair does not reserve it We were at the Grand Bahia Punta Cana for my son's wedding from Dec 5 to 12 .The resort was great. Yes it is too big and the food is just okay. The staff were wonderful and really appreciated it when you attempted to speak Spanish. My only Complaint is the jerks who try to reserve the beach chairs by leaving a towel on them. I was looking for a shady spot and found two chairs by the pool that had a towel tied to them. I simply removed the towel and slept the afternoon away. No one came to find their towel. From now on I am going to ignore towels left on the chairs and I suggest everyone reading this do the same thing. Throw the towel aside and use the chair. If we all do this , maybe the jerks will get the message.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>AA64
<Content>Nice Resort but..... I just came back from Gran Bahia Principe Royal Golden..i was there from dec 07 to dec 15. We had a very nice week..the resort is amazing..yes big resort but you have acces to some small bus to go from the beach to the main reception. The service in the room was always done in the morning, the buffet was very good except the buffet next to the beach..after 2 days you start to be sick of it...same thing but only near the beach so be aware..We got an amazing service since we had choosen the royal golden ...The only thing I didn t like the staff don t speak either english or french..so dont ask them something you wont receive what you ask....In all the place I visit...and I did a lot of place the dominican people are not kind and nice with tourist...also they will ask you for money on the beach and even at the airport.....be carefull!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	1	4	

<Author>virperry
<Content>Great Resort!       front lobby of the g.b.p. punta cana  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Razor286
<Content>Very nice hotel.......just too big! We stayed at the 'Punta Cana' Gran Bahia Principe from 27th November for two weeks and overall it was a very good hotel. On arrival we couldnt believe how big the complex is.......its huge!!!!Our room was nice......spacious and clean. The bathroom was large and the bed was comfortable. We had a ground floor room with a terrace. There were only two problems with the room:1: Our terrace looked out over a small access road that staff used to get around and overlooked the building site next door......lots of noisy vehicles moving around early in the morning.2: As it was a ground floor room all the higher floors had to come down into the groundfloor area to leave the block. As there is only one door seperating each room from the communal area this could be very noisy early on a morning........we could hear every word said outside our room and every step taken on the tiled floor.The shuttle service running from each end of the complex is excellent...they leave every few minutes and operate from 0600 - 0300 every day!!The beach is as you would expect in the Caribbean.....excellent!!!!! the hotel's part of the beach is huge. Dont make the mistake of staying around the busy bit as you first get there.......walk along and it is much less crowded.....the only problem being that to get a good spot at the beach or pool you have to be up early as sooooo many people reserve the best beds with towels and stroll up a few hours later!!The watersports at the beach are ok....the non moterised stuff is free for guests...the banana boat was quite cheap 拢6 each.Walk along the beach to the right (when facing the sea) for a mile or two and you come to a row of shacks selling all the local stuff. There are similar stalls at the hotel selling all the same stuff. Both will try and rip you off at first asking for around $100 for somehting they will sell to you for $5 if you haggle. If unsure of the prices the shops around the stalls in the hotel are pretty cheap and dont hassle you at all. The stall sellers are just way too pushy!!The buffet restaurant was ok.....nothing special but not as bad as others have made out in other reviews. The food was just a bit repetitive after two weeks. Lots of pasta...meat.....burgers...hot dogs etc. Thought plenty of healthy stuff....salad's and fresh fruit. My girlfriend loved the desserts......at EVERY meal!!!The a la carte restaurants were very good. The Japanese was one of our favuorites......we sat next to a Canadian couple who didnt like chicken, Beef or rice. Bith strange picking the restaurant if they dont like the food in the first place!!.The steak house is nice and the meat is decent quality....just dont have the mixed grill as the pieces are so small....apart from the HUGE black pudding sausage!!We were really surprised how much we liked the French gourmet restaurant.....we wouldnt normaly have chosen it but gave it a go and loved the calf fillet and duck we had.The service in each of the a la carte restaurants was much better than in the buffet's. Its true what others say that most of the staff speak very little or no English but a little effort goes a long way...........Ola = Hello.......Bueno dia/tardes/nochas = good day/afternoon/evening.........gracias = thank you......por favor = please.The excursions that we did were good....but quite expensive. The Bavaro splash was good with a two man speed boat ride followed by snorkelling. We bought the DVD on sale there for 1300peso (拢26) its ok but a lot of the footage is from other groups that day.The outback safari was better...the guide, Eddie and the driver, luis were very good and made sure that everyone had a good time. We visited a typical Dominican house producing coconut and vanilla oil. We went to a place that had crocodiles and massive crabs selling chocolate, coffee and givng a demonstration about how they are produced. A rum shack, a dominican school and a beach where were were given boogie boards..........look out for a pair or black 'Police' sunglasses in the sea as mine were lost there............ we also met an 86yr old woman with 26 kids!!!!!!The best trip for us was the sunset horseride at the 'El Pat ranch' along the beach. We liked it so much we went back the next day to do it again!!! Staff were good and the horses were well looked after.Overall the hotel was nice...the staff were helpful (once they understood what you were asking for)....the excursions are good.....the food is ok.......the beach is lovely................... but i wouldnt go back again...........just too big and too many people for us.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>04274108
<Content>Outstanding Resort Everything I want to say has already been said many times over. There have been some comments concerning the quality of the buffet food but I would say this...This is a place where everyone works to make sure your stay is perfect. At 6 in the morning, I would go for a run on the beach (you don't need shoes it is so clean) and I would see an army of workers sweeping up the seaweed that washed ashore and pick up the trash left behind by the previous day's guests. In the afternoon, I would see workers sweeping the OUTSIDE walls of the buildings to remove sand and dirt that had accumulated during the day. Late in the evening (11pm-12pm), walking back to my room, I would see workers inside and outside of the pool areas cleaning to make sure the pools were perfect for the next day.The entire resort, beach, rooms are spotless. So perhaps the buffet food is not as good as what we expect in North America and Europe. However, given how hard staff work throughout the resort to make guests happy, my sense is that the quality of buffet food is not for lack of effort but likely a case of making the best of what is available.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ninjamedic
<Content>Great Resort       Room  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>draganamaglov
<Content>Amazing time in Punta Cana       gorgeous landscapes  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kekeTorontoOshawa
<Content>awesome we had such an awesome time the beach was amazing and the service was excellent. the staff were very friendly and the bar staff at the pool bars were great it was alot of fun and the rooms were exceptionally clean. anything we needed our maid was glad to provide. went on the dolphine tour and was a little disappointed but all in all our stay at the resort was great we would definately recommend this resort to our friends and we would surely return in the near future. if you are looking for a great holiday or a great resort to stay at well my friends this is the resort and once again enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bbiggs_66
<Content>Wonderful Wedding and Honeymoon!! We enjoyed our stay immensely!! This was a planned event. My husband and I were married on the resort and had our close family and friends with us. The wedding was beautiful and on the beach. There were 18 of us and 5 were children ranging in age from 8-12. NO one had a bad time. The pools and ocean were wonderful. The staff was very friendly - some could not speak english but tried very hard to understand us. My husband and I stayed for 2 weeks and our guests were there for the first week. The food was good. There were a couple of us that had some stomach issues. We think it was the dairy products?? Their dairy is different than ours. However, we still had a good time.The Al a carte restaurants are great. We had our wedding dinner at the Italian Restaurant and loved it. Also, good were the Japanese, Seafood and the Gourmet Restaurants (Lobster Fricasse was wonderful!). If you travel there make sure to stay up late and see the band in the Pablo (The Market area). They were excellent and they played Merengue and Salsa. The other entertainment was good and it was nice having a cocktail in the lounge. All in all we loved this place and are planning to go back in a few years for an anniversary.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Bachatamama
<Content>Fantastic !!!       Buffet  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaribbeanVisions
<Content>Good Times - Perfect Place My husband  I were here in May 2007. In 2008 we decided to go to Paradise Island in the Bahamas. From the moment we arrived at the hotel in the Bahamas we were wishing we would have went back to Gran Bahia Pricncipe in Punta Cana. We didn't have any bad experiences in the Bahamas  the hotel was nice, but nothing else seems to compair to the Gran Bahia in Punta Cana. In our opinion the GBP in PC was a 10 in every possible way. The entire grounds is IMMACULANT. Service is SUPERB. Maid service EXCELLENT. Food was DELICIOUS in every restuarant. If you like alcohol - they don't hold back. Beach was always clean. Everything you want in a room, it has. This place has it all. I have traveled all of my life and I don't believe there is a resort out there that we would prefer over this one. So, guess what ?? We are going back in 2009 and probably every year after.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mailmas
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Shame about the ending...       The Wedding chapel  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sugarbaby840526
<Content>Amazing Wedding! Ignore the Complainers!       group photo at the beach  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dianasilviapeter
<Content>Magnificent resort! We have spent the week of November 8-15, 2008 at Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana.We have been to GPB Tulum three times since 2004, but this time we wanted to try the Dominican Republic.Well, this is Bahia Principe, we have found the same high standards of quality and customer service as in Riviera Maya. The vegetation is spectacular! I recommend the Bavaro Runners one-day excursion to get an idea of Dominican life. It is the trip that includes a visit to a sugarcane plantation, to a school (where you can give some gifts to the children and teacher), horseback riding, a beach, and then Christian's house. I consider this trip a must. Christian is a special character and gives quite a performance. He is the highlight of this one-day trip, I won't give you more on that. If you are there on your birthday, let the reception know. They created many surprises on my birthday. You have to get used to the two lobbies: Punta Cana and Bavaro. They are identical. You'll find your way once you understand that they did a copy-and -paste of the two lobbies. It is already Christmas there, beautiful decorations.The beach is magnificent. You can walk for long stretches on the beach, no shoes needed.The food is very good. And the cocktails. I recommend coco loco and blue hawaiian. Please tip the waiters. They work hard and it is so hot there! We were misinformed that at the end of the shift they split the tips. If you leave money on the table, the person who cleans it up will keep it. It is better to give the tip individually. I suggest you book for service 脿 la carte restaurants the same day you arrive.  The only thing we didn't like is the pressure tactics of the salespeople in Pueblo Principe. You cannot approach one kiosk without being harrassed by the orther vendors. We found this unpleasant and ended up not buying any souvenirs. You have to negotiate prices, and the final price is one third of the initial one. The locals selling things on the beach are ok. They respect your privacy and don't approach you unless you ask them to.Have a great vacation and enjoy the beauty of this place!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>esmeek
<Content>Amazing Time at the Gran Bahia Principe I just reluctantly removed my wristband this morning from the Gran Bahia Principe, and I must say, I miss it already! We had the most perfect November weather, only rained one day. The people were just superb and so friendly, especially my maid, Gladys. I wanted to adopt her and bring her home. The finishing touches on our room with the pretty flowers everywhere and the towel shapes... just so nice. The BATHROOM at the resort -- GORGEOUS!! Marble everywhere, great shower - nice and warm. Big, huge jacuzzi bathtub. Just perfect!!! The grounds.... I have never seen a hotel kept up so beautifull, IMMACULATE, and manicured. There were people working around the resort it seemed, like 24 hours a day. The pools were so nice, and crisp, and relaxing. The beach was gorgeous, and the snack bar facing the ocean was a HUGE plus. I enjoyed the Steakhouse ala carte restaurant the most. My husband and I didn't care at all for the Seafood Restaurant El Pescador. I say avoid it! If I had any complaints whatsoever, I would say that the cooks at the restaurant need to be better trained on the international cuisine that they are preparing, such as Italian dishes, American dishes, and European dishes, even Pizza. I think a little training by some top chefs or a school in these types of cuisines would help them prepare dishes that everyone would enjoy!!! The actual dominican dishes were FANTASTIC! I love spanish food, and the rice and beans and other tropical dishes were right on the money!! But a little training in other cuisines would be great, and you wouldn't get so many complaints about the food from people (which we heard a lot of!!!). All in all, the stay was great, the weather perfect, the resort gorgeous, and I miss it already.....Next stop: Gran Bahia Principe Cayo Levantado!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>buoyheads
<Content>Nice beach We went the end of the Oct for a week and booked with Apple. No problems with the flight (for a change).The resort - Our room was clean, quiet, nice balcony on the 3rd floor overlooking the gardens. Most of the TV stations were in Spanish so we didn't watch much TV. Had a table 2 chairs and a couch, king size bed and the usual dresser and TV stand, mini frig which was stocked with pop and beer and 3 large bottles of water. (You can not drink the water in the room). Bathroom was large with a jaccuzi and the usual bathroom amenities.Grounds were well kept up and clean, well lite at night. There was no problem catching the train that takes you to the restaurants.Beach - very clean and wide. Water was somewhat clear but we had a few storms so that turns up the sand. No holes in the water or stones, very level so you can wade if you don't swim. Lot's of shade available. Only 2 bathrooms though. People don't seem to like to wear their tops so there was a lot of that going on. It's always the people you wish would put their clothes on. ugh and fat guys with thongs doesn't work for me.Restaurants - Beach restaurant always had the same food and was crowded. Burgers, pasta, same fish, salad fixings and dessert (usually cookies or a little cake square).We ate at the Italian which was not very Italian. They had things like pork chops and lamb??? A few pasta dishes. It was odd. The Mexican restaurant was pretty good. They had a buffett and then you ordered you food.Buffett restaurant was okay. Sometimes it was rather difficult to find food we liked but we didn't starve. ha!Entertainment always started about 11 p.m. I guess because most guests were from Europe and they take the naps? That was in Spanish also.All in all I think the beach was great but I wasn't crazy about the food.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovesuninnh
<Content>Great stay at the Gran Bahia       Lobby bar bartender  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mecca-nism
<Content>Absolutly Outstanding I booked this trip last minute so I didn鈥檛 have a lot of time to research the hotel before leaving. However, upon arrival I knew I had made the right choice. The Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana is absolutely a magnificent resort. I don鈥檛 know where to begin with describing how fantastic this hotel is. I suppose I will start with the service and the people who work there. I found no problem communicating with the employees, their English is very good. The resort and rooms are absolutely immaculate and clean, and I am very picky when it comes to cleanliness. The pools are well kept, the beach is amazing, and the grounds are so beautiful. The resort is large and they offer a shuttle service back and forth from one end of the resort to the other, however, I never took a shuttle once, it鈥檚 takes about 5-10 minutes to walk from the reception to the beach. My only grumble is about the entertainment鈥攊t could use a lift, the dancing is amazing, but the 鈥渁cting鈥?could improve, you鈥檒l see what I mean if you go there. The food is great. The buffet has a wide variety of international dishes, and the a la carte restaurants are fantastic. I must say I am amused to read some of the negative reviews about this resort. I do not understand what these people expect when they go on a vacation. I suppose I would say you should consider the source and take their reviews with a large grain of salt. Don't wait or think about this anymore, just book the trip and go! You will not regret it!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AthomeMom002
<Content>Beautiful and gracious       view outside our window  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bluwaterstar
<Content>Please read before booking this hotel..... Just came back from staying at the Grand Bahia Principe Punta Canta gold section october/08, and there are some things a North American traveller should know before booking this hotel. First of all the staff there were very friendly however, very few can speak english, some refused to speak english to us, they just responded to us in spanish. Front desk answers the phone in spanish, room service, all staff including bar tenders aproach you in spanish versus spanish followed by english, that most resorts do as we were used to. A few days in we found out why. 99.9% of the guests staying at this hotel were spanish speaking, we were excited to meet up with another couple or a group of people to have drinks at the pool with, this didnt happen because nobody spoke english and quite frankly we felt frowned upon when we started speaking english.Upon arrival to our room we discovered the bottom of the bathtub was dirty (black film) the shower head was coming out of the wall, the caulking job looked like it had been done by a four year old having some fun, not to mention the back sliding door would not close properly, it was a chore having to grab the entire door and quickly latching it, which was a must because if the back door is not sealed the air conditioning does not come on.This resort is absolutely gigantic, we didn't realize how big it was until we had to wait for a tram at a bus stop in the pouring rain followed by a 10 minute ride to the front desk which held the Casino, Disco, and buffet. You could only imagine our frustration when we got there and forgot something in our room, back to the bus stop 10 minute ride back to the room etc.Our first morning there we slept in untill about 9:45 am, shuttled to the buffet only to find it was closed for breakfast at 10:30 am so they could set it up for lunch, which did not re open untill 12:30 pm. Front desk told us buffet is closed, lunch at 12:30 pm. Folks if you missed the breakfast buffet there is nothing to eat on that resort untill 12:30, not a snack bar etc.The buffet was horrible, spaghetti sauce that looked like tomato soup with chunks of meat, pork loin that could not pass for scraps for our dog, never mind trying to cut through it, hot dogs that were not cooked properly, hamburger that was so salty you couldnt swallow it, the list is far too long to continue, and I believe pig snout was also there as well yum yum.Off to the beach we go, just gorgeous, white sand blue ocean amazing. We were starving and thought ok they must be offering up something at the beach, I mean come on it's the main attraction. The only thing we could find was a smaller version of the lunch buffet, except outdoors, with flys. All a la carte restaurants were closed, at this point we were willing to pay money for a restaurant that had quality food. none to be found.So we drank instead, only to find something strange was happening, my husband and I must have had 16 drinks between us with no food on our stomach and felt almost zero effects from the alcohol???? we should have been on the floor...at this point my husband was floored losing his patients and wanted to complain, he had enough and quite frankly so did I. We decided to carry on, we were by the sea and wanted to remain positive.Room service.....well lets just say trying to negotiate a well done hotdog with a spanish speaking person was next to impossible, the nachos didnt even come with salsa just a weird tasting cheese sauce, the ceaser salad came with 5 giant anchovies that were the size of slugs and the dressing tasted like spoiled vinegar. The french fries were good though which we had to eat during the day for energy. After a lazy day at the beach we were drained, getting any rest on the bed was nearly impossible, it was hard as a rock. Yes there are dominican beers and soda in the fridge for the taking, when we asked for more diet pepsi we were refused because we were only allowed two smalll bottles per day.We went to the gift shop one day to pick up some chips and chocolate, my husband and I didnt calculate properly and it came to 14$ ok our mistake sorry, we told them no deal please give us our $20 back. we were refused, the manager came down and said pick something else in the store. It wasnt like we took the chocolate out of the store or anything.Complaining was a no go, all of a sudden there accents became thicker and it was harder for them to understand english. The saving grace was the a la carte restaurants at night, they were ok but we were a little turned off when we saw a GIANT roach walking out of the japanese a la carte. The Grand Bahia is just too big for their own good, their only saving grace is the dominican people working there, friendly charming, nice, which we found out they only make $250 dollars a month. Just a few things you should know before booking at this resort.P.S - stick to Schmirnoff vodka and beer if you want to get any sort of buzz on. and the ATV crazy wheels excursion was absolutely AMAZING, a must try while in the dominican.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	5	1	

<Author>LivingFab
<Content>Great time at the Bahia Principe We just returned from our 4 night/5 day fall vacation (oct 2-6) in Dominican Republic, and had a blast! This was a 30th birthday party, and 10 friends attended. I had mixed reviews by reading all of these reviews about the Bahia Principe, but rest assured, it was a VERY PLEASANT SURPRISE! Yes, there were a few hiccups along the way with checking in and making restaurant reservations, but it was totally tolerable and none of us felt overwhelmed or unpleasant about the customer service.  The positive points....The grounds of the resort were absolutely meticulous and the entire resort (restaurants, common areas, rooms, pools, etc) were all extremely clean. We all kept commenting the entire trip how clean and neat everything was. There are also ample pools around the entire resort, so we never felt that the pools were over crowded or we could not get prime lounge chairs.  Also, the resort has a mini shuttle (looks like a really long golf cart) that runs the entire length of the resort that can pick you up and take you to the opposite end of the resort where the beach and other restaurants are located. It really is a short walk (about 5-10 minutes), but its a nice bonus to know that the shuttle is always waiting for you when you are beat down from a long day in the sun.  For the majority, the staff was friendly and courteous. If you are expecting over the top Disney World friendly (which I gathered from many of the negative posts) than, you need to go to Disney World! Remember, this is Dominican Republic and it is a different culture, but overall the staff are friendly. Lastly, we splurged and did spa treatments at the Spa and were really impressed! Between four women, we tried different treatments (pedicure, massages, facial, and body exfoliation). We loved it! The spa technicians were all very friendly, considerate, and knowledgeable. Points to Consider...The food is not the greatest. Again, if you want great buffets and 5 Star restaurants---go to Vegas. There is a main buffet, where you can eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and then several restaurants. But, depending on your length of stay, you will only be able to make two or three dinner reservations. Just spend the extra money and upgrade your meal package when you book your vacation that allow you to eat in any restaurant the entire week, as eating at a buffet everyday gets pretty old. We had the opportunity to make two restaurant reservations and ate at the Steak Restaurant and Japanese Restaurant. Our steaks were great! We all kept commenting on how tasty they were.  Also, the alcoholic beverages seemed watered down. But, again, this is coming from a group of people who enjoy different types of vodkas and rums, so we were expecting the same type of drinks we are accustomed to drinking. The bars also close at 11pm (the swim-up pool bars close at 5:30pm), so even though its all inclusive, remember that its not going to be all night 24/hour partying. There are entertainment shows (we saw the Lion King and it was actually pretty entertaining!), Karoke, and a Disco where drinks are served. Also, don鈥檛 expect to go outside of the resort unless you are on an excursion since Punta Cana is underdeveloped and does not have local bars, nightclubs, and shopping for tourists. Be a little aware of the excursion packages that are offered from VIP Travel. A few of us in my group bought an excursion (snorkeling and motorized boat) when we arrived and it was not worth the $75.00. I wish I would have spent the $75.00 at the spa! However, the other part of our group bought the $75.00 doon buggy, cave, and horseback riding excursion and they had a blast. Don鈥檛 forget the mosquito repellant! All in all, it was a decent, cheap and warm fall vacation. Bring lots of sun block and enjoy! I'm glad I had the opportunity to go to Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Dino_V
<Content>Stunning Hotel, Great Staff, Great Pool, Great Food! Loved the GBP Punta Cana       our room - 14312  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bobbytopiary
<Content>Excellent, A true 5 Star, Honest review!!! My wife and I visited this hotel back in May 2008 and feel terrible for not writing a review, as certain comments written about this complex need confirming!!! The overall experience was FANTASTC!!!. My advice to potential visitors to this complex is that if you are English and want a true 5 star hotel for a reasonable price, then don't hesitate..... Book up..My wife and I have been spoilt by 5 star hotels in Mexico and a very expensive hotel in Cuba, however for the money you pay for this holiday, you will be hard pushed to get better in the Caribbean for the value for money.. I don't want to repeat what other customers have already said, so will keep it brief.. The food is excellent.. We went for 13 nights and travelled with First choice. We visited most of the A La carte restaurants and found them excellent. The buffet is the best that we have had in the Caribbean and without banging on about it, we have stayed at some top hotels..We enjoyed it so much, we are going back in Oct this year..One tip.... Take some tropical jungle spray with you.. You might get bit by the insects..My last note.. If you are a hard working couple who want a holiday to unwind, enjoy beautiful surroundings, and like a bit of luxury, with no yobs, great entertainment, then this is the place for you ...Enjoy...  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunshine4uToronto
<Content>Loved it soooooo much The place is absolutely gorgeous and clean, this was by far the best resort I have been to and would go back in a minute. We went with our 2 kids and they had a blast everyone was friendly, the weather was great and the pools were great for the kids. The only downfall of the resort was that it was really big(but that's not really a downfall), it's a great place to go with a family the entertainment is amazing and it's a beautiful resort so if your thinking about going to Punta Cana definitely check this resort out. Don't listen to those who say it's not they must have had a bad experience.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Rob003
<Content>A Cruise on Land We were looking for a cruise without a ship and that is exactly what we got. Impeccable grounds, enormous pool, crystal clear water and a clean beach with some beach activities. There was always plenty of food at the buffets, which while not gourmet 5 star had plenty of choices.A few observations:1. While there were Americans there, the primary clintele were Europeans. The staff appeared multi-lingual, but the second language was often not English. This can make it harder to get extra towels, sheets, etc.2. There is a main buffet and then side restaurants. We concur with those who said the kitchen did best with simpler cuisines. We liked the Italian a lot, the Mexican some, but were not wowed by the French. The main buffet is always open with lots of choices for anyone.3. The resort itself is simply huge. Given th temperature and the sun, we took the golf-cart train like everyone else.4. There is apparently an exciting nightlife with entertainment. However, after 8+ hours at the huge pool with a child, we turned in early. The room walls allowed some noise through, but we never had any trouble. The rooms themselves are huge, with space for a desk, a sleeper cot, big bed, enormous shower, etc.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	1	

<Author>quebec400
<Content>merveilleux hotel   showReview(23110358, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>musilla
<Content>Gran Bahia un posto stupendo   showReview(23050731, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Geopleinair
<Content>Tr猫s belle plage.       Palmiers sur la plage  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Marcel00
<Content>Excellent sur tout   showReview(22828158, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>galouf
<Content>belle hotel et plage magnifique       chambre 20205  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>monicmas
<Content>vaut le 5 茅toiles       plage magnifique  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cpri
<Content>Me encnt贸 el Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe       Navidad  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lavietrente
<Content>regard d'un voyageur   showReview(22264126, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jessica-puerto
<Content>Hotel Bahia Principe Impresionante en todos los aspectos   showReview(21997691, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mozartOpioPaca
<Content>s茅jour de r锚ve   showReview(21889539, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pmartine77
<Content>Super voyage, vraiment super....   showReview(21868602, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gussBuenosAires
<Content>Volveria a este destino       calor de verano  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>NALITO
<Content>Excelente hotel, excelente servicio!!!       una de las varias piscinas  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>3mpoem
<Content>In diesem Hotel wird geklaut!   showReview(20309795, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	3	-1	-1	

