<Author>Ghauri75
<Content>Don't waste your money! We went for a Xmas break and choose it for its prime location, when we saw our room we both thought.... its tiny!! i mean how were we both going to get changed and move around in it??? It had no natural light only a tiny window near our feet with the view of a buildings roof!!! There was no tea, coffee or water in the room not a single english channel on the oversized TV. Tiles in the shower were mouldy, No Clock ...basics we expect from a 3 star in europe!!! When asked to move we were told the hotel was full.As for the free tea and pastries at reception....well the tea tasted like TCP (Had to buy tea from down the round every evening, so its not the milk they use in spain as we first thought)and the coffee had been brewing all day so was like tar. The pasties were hard dryed up crossaints which tasted like cardboard.The room cleaning only happens in the morning, so if you want a lie in, your room doesnt get cleaned or get your towels replaced.Staff were friendly but were always trying to sell you something...the tourist bus tickets...which were such a rip up.26 euros for a bus tickets that is always overcrowed, only ever goes in one direction...so if you see a sight and want to go back you have to sit the entire 1hour 20 minutes of the bus ride to get back to the stop you got on. As it was raining couldn't sit upstairs and see the views. The buses only run up to about 6 in the evening at some stations. Metro is so much better.Save your money and book in a hotel you can actually move around in, and know time of the day it is outside.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Harry031
<Content>Fantastic Staff  This hotel is in a fantastic location, as many previous have said, and the staff are wonderful, polite and gracious to help out. The welcoming on check in was well beyond 3star expectation - glass of cava, nibbles, map with areas to be cautious of/ good areas to go shopping in etc. There is a little area with tables and chairs to sit and drink tea/coffee/water with pastries avail - any time, no charge. Our double room was very spacious and noticed the sofa could be used as fold out (double?) - and there still would have been ample room. Was rather noisy, but seemed to have someone doing major renovations nearby until midnight, then started again at 5am!!Highly recommend going to Cathedral just around the corner, in evening, as there always seemed to be something going on or performers. Sat 6pm locals come to dance their traditional dance. Other trip highlights La Casa Battlo!!!!!, Park Guell (take bus 24), and around Port Vell and the beach. Making an early start really pays off in this city.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skybluefan
<Content>Good hotel, great location This hotel is in a fantastic location - right in the heart of the Bari Gotic. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and well equipped. We a had a great little balcony. As its in the heart of a busy area it can be a little noisy if you have a street facing room. The staff are very helpful and friendly.This is a good choice for a mid price hotel - a great place to stay if you plan to do lots of exploring. If you are planning on spending a lot of time in the hotel (you're in Barcelona, why would you??) you might find it a little basic. Because of its location the rooms are relatively small and the facilities a little limited (small bar, terrace, pc for internet access) but If you are there to enjoy all the wonderful things Barcelona has to offer I'd say its and ideal place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>barcelonabid
<Content>Delicious breakfast       street entertainer  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>superfanatic
<Content>This was a Great Location in Barcelona We stayed at this hotel for 4 days and it was a perfect location to see all of Barcelona. A block from Las Ramblas and right in the heart of the Barri Gottic, we were able to see everything easily. The staff was friendly and helpful and the room was large and clean. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>igmg
<Content>would definitely return Decided to stay here for weekend with my wife after reading some reviews. very happy overall with hotel. staff friendly and very approachable and helpful. i couldn't really fault them. the room was a bit small but fine. it was very clean and comfortable. TBH i would have no reservations returning to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Neilnric
<Content>Excellent location I agree with many others with regards to this hotel and it's high standards. We stayed here before and after a cruise and found this to be an excellent location for all the main sights, restaurants and public transport.The rooms are quite small but very clean and the bathrooms have good facilities and every ammenity should you forget toothbrush etc.The breakfast has an excellent choice- we had paid this in with the room price and I suppose it is a little pricy if you pay separately as there are plenty of places nearby where you can get a croissant and coffee for a few Euros.The welcome Cava is a nice touch and the staff are very helpful, although I would not go with their restaurant recommendations as the one the recommended to us- Nexus was not at all Spanish!Tallas de Tapas in the square immediately to the right of the hotel offers excellent Tapas as does Xeloc to the left of the hotel.All in all a great hotel- worth paying the extra for.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Debla24
<Content>Loved the H10 ..... I have just returned from a 3 night stay with my 66 year old mother at the H10 Raco Del Pi. I had stayed at the 4 star Olivia Plaza on my previous visit to Barcelona, but this hotel far exceeded my expectations in terms of price, quality and customer service for a 3 star rating. Check in was quick and simple and the welcome glass of cava was a really nice touch. Reception staff helpful in suggesting restaurants, etc. The room was spacious with sufficient wardrobe space. Twin beds with 'ever so soft' pillows and extra pillows and blankets provided. Bathroom standard size with good supply of toiletries and towels changed daily. The free afternoon coffee, tea, water and pastries were great after a day of shopping or sightseeing. Yes, the pastries were probably left overs from breakfast as suggested by another reviewer, but hey they were free and would only have been thrown away! The location was ideal - just a couple minutes off Las Ramblas. This was a last minute booking, that I made after reading other Trip Advisor recommendations - and they were not wrong. My mother and I both agree that we would definitely recommend the H10 to anyone looking for a good value for money hotel in the centre of Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nodata
<Content>Absolutely fantastic! My husband and I spent 6 nights at the H10 Raco Del Pi at the beginning of September. We loved it! When I booked I asked politely for a room with a balcony. Not only did we get a balcony - we got two! Our room had 14 foot ceilings and balconies with double opening doors on two walls. Does it get any better than this? Honestly, it was beyond perfect. It was quite hot the week we were there and we really appreciated the air conditioning too. This was a normally priced room, not an upgrade in any way.Many other people have mentioned the large, clean modern bathrooms, and ours fit that description as well. The location is unbeatable as well. We could walk to see so much - Las Ramblas, the beach area, La Raval, the Cathedral, many of the museums, some great shopping, loads of restaurants, and, of course, some of Gaudi's works. The metro is a few moments walk from the hotel for everything you can't get to by foot.We had nothing to complain about in the noise department. Yes, the street is full of people during the day, but even so, when we closed our doors it was quiet in the room. And at night there is hardly a soul.The staff were super friendly and helpful. We had no problems for them to solve, but they always greeted us with a smile and a friendly word whether we were coming in or going out.This hotel really lives up to its billing. I would heartily recommend it to anyone and everyone.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>shadepalm
<Content>Friendly staff, great location! We relied on the comments of Trip Advisor members and were very happy with our choice for a short stay in Barcelona. This hotel is well located for walking and a short taxi ride from the train station. Good tapas bars close by. Very friendly staff greets you with a glass of Cava. Nice! The room was small but very clean. The bathroom was very nice with everything you need including lots of hot water. We are mature travelers with lots of miles traveled and would stay at this property again. The breakfast, albeit expensive, was delicious. Plenty of protein to keep you going. We found this property to be a very good value in an expensive city. A word of caution: the taxi drivers in Barcelona range from world class diplomats to snarly characters who know very little of the geography of the city and pretend not to understand a word of English. We had both. There is a minimum charge of 10 Euros from the airport for a taxi. One of the most expensive taxi systems we have every experienced, anywhere. The train from the airport to the city and outlying areas works very well.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>croftonMelbourne
<Content>Comfortable and friendly We stayed at H10 Hotel Raco del Pi Barcelona for 3 nights in August 2008. We are a mature couple who like to explore on foot, getting the real flavour of a city, its people and culture so we tend to research the location where we wish to stay thoroughly. We describe ourselves as backpackers at heart who have matured to enjoy reasonably comfortable accommodation. We chose Raco del Pi because it is conveniently located in the old city (Barrio Gotic) with narrow alleys and streets, surrounded by reasonable quality, low cost restaurants and close to Las Ramblas, subway etc and a short walk to the Plaza Catalunya shopping precinct and open top bus routes.The hotel staff were always helpful and enjoyed the welcome class of champagne on arrival. We always request a quiet room and they obliged, with the street noise from mainly foot traffic disappearing by mid evening. The room was reasonably large, bathroom was clean, a fridge in the room and air conditioned. The room was serviced daily and whilst our chosen price range does not provide 5 star sparkle, the hotel was clean and comfortable with a good shower. We will return to Raco del Pi without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lyds76
<Content>Great location, everything else about it is fine too I was not disappointed about the hotel. I knew that it wasn't a luxury hotel so did not expect that but as promised it was well located, near the shops, restaurants, market and walking distance to the sea side. It was reasonably quiet at night and clean enough. I definitely did not see any bugs or cockroaches but maybe they could have made a bit more of an effort in the bathroom. It was ok though. The free coffee and internet were appreciated. Overall, we spent very little time in the hotel and it completely did the job, I'd happily stay there again if i was in town with friends. If i was away on a romantic week end i might try something a bit more luxurious.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>KatySpinach
<Content>Perfect Location for Exploration Raco del Pi is so well placed and I was very pleased to agree with the other reviews on this website. The staff are indeed friendly and helpful (though one member of staff repeatedly told us to avoid the Ramblas which did start to grate).The breakfast is expensive and we found it much better to go up to the square to the Cafe del Pi, get used to waiting in Spain as they take their time.The room was clean and modern with SKY and CNN for English speakers. I would also say that we experienced no hint of a cockroach and I was surprised to read another reviewers comments on this.If you want somewhere in the thick of things that is very quiet with comfortable firm beds and polite staff, look no further!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>aureus30
<Content>Gret location We got the bus from the airport to Place de Catalunya, it was a 5 minute walk to the hotel, just off La Rambla. The receptionist was very friendly, we were offered a free glass of cava. The room and bathroom were very nice. There is free internet access on the ground floor, next to the bar. Breakfast is expensive 10-15 euro so we didn't have it. There is a bakery just across from the hotel (go left exiting the hotel, it's about 15 metres) that sell lovely filled croissants so I'd recommend there. Between about 2pm and 6pm in the hotel, there are croissants and rolls (presumably breakfast leftovers) on the bar along with coffee and you can help yourself for free. All in all it was an excellent hotel, only lacking a swimming pool, but there are plenty of buses to the beach. If going to the beach I would recommend going up to the far end by the Olympic Port (outside hotel Arts), the beach is a lot quieter there.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blackcard
<Content>Fancy Hotel With STIFF BED  This hotel is very elegant and has a great location near Las Ramblas.The beds are very stiff. The beds are very cheap. There are lots of roaches and baby roaches in the rooms.The staff is friendly.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>mikemangino
<Content>Enjoyed the stay Definitely enjoyed our stay at this H10 hotel. It was very close to many of the major attractions, including Las Ramblas. The hotel is down a smaller alley, so it's pretty busy during the day but is quiet at night so you can sleep. There are very many shops and restaurants in this area, so you don't have to go far for a meal or to do some shopping. Hotel staff was very nice and helpful, and offered me medicine from their personal medicine cabinet when I was feeling under the weather. Hotel room was very clean. Bathroom was nice and clean. Bed was fairly comfortable. Television had channels in a few different languages. Business center downstairs was free, so that was very nice. Don't think I had any major complaints about my stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>987654321abc
<Content>The location was the best thing about the hotel Great location. Near enough to see the best of most tourist attractions within walking distance, with the ability to escape from all of the hustle and bustle when you need to sleep. Quite a small hotel. You definitely pay for the location rather than any facilities in the hotel. The staff are like any others in hotels, friendly but you'd expect that surely? Our room was cleaned every day. They gave it a bit of a tidy anyway. Fresh towels each day and a constant supply of toiletries. Ladies, I would recommend that you take your own hair dryer, regardless of the fact they say they have one. There is a terrible and pointless contraption in the bathroom which looks more like something you'd unblock a drain with and does nothing but blow out about as much hot air as a granny's fart... That aside, I'd recommend staying there purely because of where it is, but they certainly judge their prices based on that rather than anything else. Would not suggest it for families with small children. Best suited to couples or business.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	5	

<Author>scoobydoobie
<Content>Wonderful Location. Didn't like the beds. Hotel H10 Raco del Pi is terrifically located in the heart of the Barri Gotic on a street that is fairly busy during the day but absolutely dead quiet at night. It can be just a tad bit difficult to find the hotel again for the first time once you've made your initial journey out of it, but that's part of the beauty of staying there. The staff are very nice, the rooms are modern and clean, my only complaint with them was that the bed was not very comfortable to me. Were it not for the bed, I'd give the hotel five stars. One other thing, you have to pay an extra 2 euros per day if you want a key to use the safe in the room. Overall, this was a nice hotel in terms of location and qulaity of the room, other than it being just a little small (but perfectly adequate with a clean and updated bathroom too). The price was a bit high, not that the rooms aren't nice, but they definitely milk their location a little. I'd stay there again as a sure bet but I'd be interested for curiosity's sake to try someplace else next time in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ccsmyth
<Content>We loved this hotel       Room 202  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cattailcruiser
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Raco del Pi before our cruise on the Norwegian Jade. The location was perfect! We walked to the Sagrada Familia, La Rambla, wonderful restaurants, and shops. The rooms were small, but clean. The glass of cava upon arrival was a nice touch. The breakfast was wonderful! We will stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lovebarcelonaUsa
<Content>Clean, friendly, quiet Wife and I spent eight nights here. Greeted in the lobby with a free glass of spirits. Room and bath were adequate in size for two people, and very clean. Did not eat in the hotel's restaurant, though we did enjoy the daily, free fruits, nuts and other snacks from the lobby. There's also a small convenience store across the street from the front entrance which we took advantage of for a few late-night snacks. The hotel is a short walk from dozens of ancient Barcelona sites.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Waterloomoo
<Content>Good all Rounder       The hall way  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Firethorne
<Content>Great position The hotel is right in the old part of Barcelona - narrow streets which is a bit tricky for taxis dropping you or picking you up at the hotel. You are in walking distance of Las Ramblas and the shops. The hotel was clean and tidy - nothing exceptional, but nicely appointed. We were offered a glass of sparkling wine on our arrival and hot drinks were available FOC throughout the day from the small bar area. Breakfast provided everything you needed, but the restaurant space was somewhat challenged!!!I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a no nonsense place to stay in the city - clean, modern and 'there'!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>barbarakent
<Content>great hotel My husband, myself and another couple have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. The location was great, just one street back from The Ramblas so nice and quiet, but just a short walk to any thing you could want, transport, resturants etc. The staff are really nice and helpful. The rooms were large (for a city hotel) and very clean. There were lovely touches like all the free toiletries and grooming products in the bathroom and even a shoe shine and needle kit in the wardrobe. Plus when you got back in the late afternoon exhausted from sightseeing there was free tea, coffee and pastries.The breakfast was very very good,cant think of anything that wasn't there, but very expensive (so have it on the 1st day when it is half price). All four of us would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>levelife
<Content>Fabulous Location. I stayed here with my wife for 4 nights. The hotel is on a pedestrian street. The hotel is modern and clean, the reception staff were always polite and helpful. Our room was pretty small but very comfortable. I had previously stayed here a few years ago and when I knew I had to be in Barcelona again this hotel was my first choice mainly because of it's location just off Las Ramblas in the barri gothic area with loads of shops and places to get a good meal just a couple minutes walk away. Try and get a room at the front of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Blundellsands
<Content>Great location This is a good hotel in a great location, ideally situated just off La Rambla and less than 10 mins walk from Placa Catalunya where the airport bus stops! You are met with a welcome glass of Cava on arrival and there are coffee, water and cakes available all day free of charge, which is great after sightseeing! The breakfast was excellent both in choice and quality, there being both hot and cold dishes. The room we had was at the top of the hotel with a small window at floor level, but it was large and well appointed with a spa bath in the bathroom! There are plenty of restaurants nearby, but we found Barcelona generally more impersonal and expensive than other Spanish cities we have visited, and that includes Madrid! However, everything Gaudi is memorable, and if you like football a visit to Camp Nou is a must!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gingersmum
<Content>Dissappointed! We have just returned after spending 3 nights at this hotel and we were very disappointed!As a result of reading some reviews, I took the trouble to email the hotel to explain that our visit was for a special occassion (our wedding anniversary) and please could we have one of the larger rooms at the front,overlooking the street.They completely ignored my letter and we were given a very small room at the back,with a view of a brick wall! I did go back to reception and they offered me the same room on another floor but with no windows!!(Although we had a window,the curtains were too narrow and there was a big gap down the middle so we were unable to make it dark...at least no one was able to see in due to being overlooked by the brick wall!)Our room was so small that we were unable to move around the bed at the same time ,so had to take it in turns to lie on the bed to enable the other to get ready.The bathroom was ok though except the shower sprayed the floor ,and all our stuff ,until we got used to it!On arrival we were offered the breakfast deal i.e.if you paid up front for all days you could have the first day half price.It was 16 Euros each! Expensive,but we decided that if we ate loads we wouldnt need to bother with lunch.This is what we did ,and it worked well.They also wanted us to pay in cash (for some reason their credit card machine was missing!) we refused as we didnt want to tie up E82 of our cash and guess what...the machine had reappeared the next morning!Very weird!As it is a buffet you can obviously pick and choose but if you are not fussy it was fine.There was : fruit juices,cereals,fresh fruit (lovely selection),cheeses,hams,smoked salmon,rolls,bread,yoghurts,croissants and a good selection of other pastries.Hot food was the same every day: scrambled egg,bacon,fried egg and sausage (the german kind).it was never very hot but was quite tasty.The free drinks and pastries in the foyer that others have mentioned are actually whats left from breakfast and usually ended up being croissants.There was never any hot water left to make tea so we managed with a cup of stewed coffee from an urn.But hey it was free!I have to say that everywhere was very clean and the staff were friendly enough.The position of this hotel is good for walking to lots of places although we felt very uneasy on the Ramblas and tried to avoid it as much as possible.To and from the airport we used the Aerobus which was great and really easy.4.05 Euros each,each way (tried to buy a return ticket but didnt seem possible).It drops you in Pl Catalunya and from there its about 10 min walk.A few other things I should mention: there is no lounge or bar in this hotel and they do not serve any other food apart from the breakfasts.There was free internet access in the foyer and also some newspapers available.Take earplugs as we were woken up at 3am every morning by people clattering down the hard floors and talking loudly!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>IrishTravellerDub
<Content>Great Location, Great Value I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights recently and was very pleased with our choice. The reviews on this site were spot on and the hotel did not disapoint.Our accomodation was fine, the beds were a bit on the firm side, but the bathroom was perfect. Our room overlooked the street and, unfortunately for us, some workmen started drilling right under our window at 9 a.m. on the Saturday morning - typical! The street probably hasn't been dug up in the last 50 years and we have to pick the one day.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel - at 鈧?5 a go, I just couldn't justify it. There's a really nice bakery/coffee shop just across the road to the left of the hotel and it's worth trying instead. One point, watch yourself in Barcelona. Three of our party of 12 were pickpocketed and there can be an uneasy air around the Ramblas at night. We never let any of our group walk alone at night. That aside, its a fantastic city and is really worth visiting.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Sadaal
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great location, family friendly. Me and my husband and our 8 month old son stayed 4 nights in this really lovely intimate, clean hotel, with friendly staff.If you can afford this place it is worth it. For the best features was the location and our little balcony where we could sit and enjoy the street and enjoy the wiew of the Pi cantendral in the end of the street witha a glass of cava.The street was busy in day time and in the evening but at night it was totally empty and peacefull as there is no bars on the street just shops.Mind all the rooms have not got balconies or any view at all, so you should make sure to request it when you book the hotel.It was also really family friendly and the baby cot was good. Bathroom was spacefull and clean and the bath tub had a jacuzzyi feature.We got easely up to our floor with our baby buggy in the elevator.The brekfast buffet is fantastic with lots to choose from, and the staff really friendly and our litlle baby son got lots of positive attention. In our deal it was included in the room price but in general it coast 15 鈧?per person per morning.The location could not bee better, with only a minutes stroll to wonderfull piazzas with many eateries both in and outside.The room had got all the required fasilities, TV, minibar, hairdryer and so on.I found this hotel trough this site, and agree with all the positive things that others have experienced.Might be that your search is over. The only bad thing is that we noticed that it is quite full booked, even in off season. So you should book well ahead or have good luck. There is only 37 rooms available.Family from Finland  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>walkaboutSussex
<Content>Friendly and central Stayed here with my teenage daughter for a couple of nights after reading good reviews. Yes, it was very clean and yes, the staff were very friendly. The free pastries and tea etc a nice touch, although the local cafes nearby are excellent value. The rooms are fairly basic but have everything you need for a short stay. Only noise came from fellow guests arriving back late, although our room had a window looking into the atrium, it might be a bit noisier if you are at the front.Don't let all the graffiti you find in the area put you off, I felt safe enough. If you have a late flight, the staff are happy to keep your luggage as long as you like, they'll even offer you more cava! It can be difficult to find if you arrive in Placa de Catalunya and are rubbish at mapreading as I am, anyway we did get there in the end.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Lorraine-Martin
<Content>Lovely Hotel , Centrally Located We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Feb 2008. Lovely room with bath/shower etc and balcony overlooking the street outside. There was a bit of noise at night but nothing over obtrusive (tradesmen opening up premises etc).Very welcoming on arrival and very helpful desk staff. Not too sure the cava on arrival is really necessary but that's what they do and there's nothing wrong with that. We ate breakfast at the hotel as the street cafes didn't open till 10ish. However, hotel breakfast was fine and offered a good selection including continental, fresh fruit and english. Excellent location just off La Ramblas and only 10 minute walk to Place de Catalonia and to the seafront. Plenty of good quality restaurants within easy walking distance.Excellent small hotel - ideal for a short city break.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MartHel
<Content>24 - 27 Jan 2008 We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the H10 Raco del Pi.We had a brilliant time in Barcelona and loved this hotel. We took ages to choose a hotel after reading numerous reviews and we were pleased with our choice. The hotel is tucked down a side street very close to Las Ramblas so in a brilliant location. We had complimentary cava on arrival and the complimentary coffee/tea and pastries provided throughout the day were great especially after a busy day out round the city.The staff on reception spoke very good English and were very helpful. We had room 407 on the 4th floor. It is on the back of the hotel so was lovely and quite but it only had two small skylights and a very small low level window (at ankle level!) so felt a bit dark. However it was clean and had everything we needed and to be honest you dont spend much time in the room so we didnt grumble. Looking at the floorplan on the back of our door we shall ask for room 402 next time which was much larger and had a balcony, but it it is on the front of the hotel so imagine it might be a bit noisy at night at busy times of the year. We would definitely recommend this hotel, particularly because of its position.We would also recommend using the aerobus to travel to and from the airport. It went from right outside the terminal to the centre at Placa de Catalyna and cost just 3.90 euros each. It runs every 15 mins even on Sundays and is less than a 10 min walk to the hotel.The hop on hop off Turistic bus is a must. The red tour round the north of the city was more interesting and we used it to get to and from the Nou Camp.For a lovely evening meal we would recommend Attic. A fab restaurant on Las Ramblas. Its above some shops about a third of the way down Las Ramblas. At night you cant miss it as you look up to see a modern and inviting restaurant overlooking the street with a queue of people waiting for tables! It was great to sit at the window watching the entertainers and people going by below whilst enjoying a lovely meal. It cost about 80 euros for a 3 course meal and a good bottle of wine. We loved it so much we went twice but would advise you to book a table or go before 8pm as there was always a queue after 8.30pm because its so popular.One word of warning - be careful about having a drink at the tables in the middle of Las Ramblas. We stopped for a rest and had 2 beers (not large ones) and they presented us with a bill for 15 euros! They charged us 7.50 euros each for a glass of San Miguel!! What a rip off - so ask the cost before you order.We absolutely loved Barcelona and will definitely return and stay at H10 Raco del Pi.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gogogego
<Content>A great hotel in Barcelona We stayed at this hotel over Christmas and it was excellent. You are greeted by very friendly staff (a glass of sparkling wine awaits) and the place is very stylishly decorated and clean. Our room was very nice - spacious with a skylight and a modern bathroom. The pastries and coffee that they provide are helpful when coming for an afternoon rest. Good bedding (high quality sheets, etc), hardwood floors and everything was very clean and presented well. The staff is very helpful and friendly, and it made our stay in Barcelona very pleasant.They were happy to provide us with a map, recommendations and allowed us to store our luggage for the day after we checked out. The locationis also good if you don't mind a bit of bustle - it is in a shopping area, but it is relatively quiet and there are lots of good restaurants and bars nearby. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. For the price, it was incredible value.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Linda77
<Content>great location this hotel is very close to las ramblas and just round the corner from a great shopping street but is still quiet at night. our room was very large for a spanish hotel - with tons of wardrobe space and a sofa. the bathroom was very spacious with a full size bath and shower with nice mosaic tiles. the staff offered us cava on arrival and the hotel has a small intimate bar. the subway is not even mins walk, playa de catalunya not even 10 mins walk. all the hotels in barcelona seem to be at least this price or even higher so we were very pleased with our choice  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jvnj
<Content>Loved this hotel! My wife and I just returned from 5 days in Barcelona and we loved this hotel. Ideal location, close to everything and on a great street with cafes, shops and the gothic quarter 1 block away. Very attentive and pleasant staff, free internet, snacks in lobby, directions from staff, etc. Room was clean and modern. Would stay here again and have already recommended this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travellerix
<Content>Free internet a bonus Absolutely superb. The free wireless internet was a real bonus as I am a writer and travelled with my laptop.Superb location near cathederal.rooms clean, staff friendly. highly reccomended  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>muffinboomer
<Content>Great hotel fantastic location       outside the hotel  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>ScooterLondon
<Content>Great value, great location. Lovely hotel, just off Las Ramblas. Fresh fruit in the lobby every dayand sparkling wine upon arrival. The room we stayed in seemed to have just been redone, but it may have just been perfectly maintained! There was internet access in the bar area. Would recommend to anyone who wants a good location, a little luxury, but not huge price.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Justcruisin
<Content>H10, great location, clean with very hard beds!       out front balcony window  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>aapje
<Content>Quirky but attractive, good but expensive It's a little quirky - your experience depends a lot on which room you get; they vary considerably. We started in room 110, which was a dark stifling airless box with a sealed window completely overlooked by the courtyard bar. The a/c was useless and there was no hot water. If this happens to you, ask early the next morning to move to another room [they can arrange this before the following night's guests arrive] rather than ask them to repair the problems, because the latter won't happen.... We were moved to the third floor and a room with a lovely little balcony overlooking the Carrera del Pi - much more what we wanted!The Raco has many plus points, but if you get landed with a poor room, it's not worth the money unless you can change.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicholas40
<Content>Good if you make it so ! Excellent location,clean,rooms a good average size(for a european!)The hotel is non smoking but someone had smoked in our room so we were promised a new one on the morning - this proved to be very small with a three quarters bed and it took a lot of 'discussion' with the manager before the honeymoon suite mysteriously became available ! After that,no problems and overall I would recommend it,but if you're unhappy with your room,stick to your guns.Forget the breakfast - there is a superb cafe only a few metres away with serves excellent pastries ,coffee etc at a fraction of the cost.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JaLor
<Content>Neat, clean and priced right Good location for access to the Rambla, Cathedral and Gaudy.Hard to find since it is tucked away down one of the little side streets off a courtyard, but it all adds to the atmosphere of Barcelona. Don't count on your GPS since it is hard to pick up a signal among the buildings.The rooms are good size for Europe and more like N.American size. Clean with comfortable bed. Nice roomy clean washrooms with lots of hot water. Clean lobby, halls and stairways. The lift is a bit shakey and slow but works and can actually hold a few people. Don't count on the internet access since the desk staff can't figure out how to connect, although there seems to be access points on each floor. They still have one computer in lobby which is usually relatively easy to get on.Staff are very pleasant and eager to help (even if they can't). Speak English well and can always get there message across. Didn't eat in the hotel although they do have a morning breakfast.The area is very entertaining; lot's of hussle and bussel(particulary on the Saturday--but dead quiet on Sunday -- surprising!) and many places to eat. Just sit on the Rambla and have a nice tall cold beer and watch the activity. Cathedral is a short walk away and Gaudy can be reached on foot but will take about 15-20 mins. Metro nearby but I would recommend a taxi if coming in from the airport for about 20euro. If going to Port Vell another 20e (special fees to port + luggage charges).Sorry, no pictures of hotel since all have me in them struggling to get the internet connection!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SHJ199
<Content>On a city break ? Stay here. So you're planning a city break to Barcelona ? Never been before? You're reading all of the reviews but can't decide where to stay ? When you don't know the city at all, it's so confusing having to weigh up the various permutations and options. After all, you want to enjoy the trip, not be let down by a bad choice of hotel, right ? I had the same difficulties, but am very glad that I opted for the Raco del Pi.If you want roof-top pools, plush facilities or funky interiors to relax in whilst visiting a great city, this hotel is not for you. However, if you want a clean, comfortable and friendly base for exploring the delights of the city on a long weekend, with little time to waste, Raco del Pi will suit you perfectly.Previous reviewers have not lied. The location is absolutely PERFECT (in the heart of the gothic quarter). The discreet entrance is on a pedestrian only street (though taxis can pick-up / drop off at the door). The Cathedral is only a moment鈥檚 stroll away. In the opposite direction Las Ramblas is no further. Shops and cafes abound. Similarly, the waterfront area, museums and main central tourist sties can all be easily reached on foot from the front door. This truly is a central location.We booked a standard double room just one week before our 3 night trip. The only request I made was for it to be non-smoking. We were greeted by a friendly 鈥淗ola鈥? a glass of Cava and a front facing room of ample size on the first floor, with a balcony view of the street below. The bathroom (with customary toiletries) was large enough for a bidet. Both rooms were spotlessly clean and a room safe allowed us to store valuables. The beds are firm but very comfortable and the air conditioning can be easily controlled by a wall thermostat.The rate was for a room only, but we welcomed not being 鈥渢ied in鈥?to breakfast in the hotel (though it was extensive and a 50% discount was offered for the first morning). English newspapers lay on a table for guests to read. If you prefer, there is a very pleasant coffee shop 10yds up the street serving a wide selection of pastries or a pretty church square 50yds the other way with two cafes. We were happy to mix it up.All of the staff are very friendly and helpful. Complimentary tea, coffee and pastries are available every afternoon and the free Internet is also available for guest use. If you have a late departure, the hotel will gladly store your cases after check-out so you can enjoy the last few hours in the city.We both enjoy staying in more opulent hotels, but on a city break with so much to offer, the amount of time spent in them doesn鈥檛 justify their cost. Not once did we regret booking this hotel.You can waste your time looking at more options if you want to, but at the Raco del Pi you won鈥檛 be wasting any time in Barcelona鈥?  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lassieshropshire
<Content>Loved Raco Del Pi and Barcelona Just returned from a three night stay at the Raco Del Pi with my family.Rooms although not very large were spotless. The staff couldn't have been more freindly and the buffett breakfast excellannt. The position is ideal for exploring Barcelona and very close to pretty squares, shops  resturants as well as the pick up point for the Bus Touristic. With what I consider to be very reasonable rates I wouldn't hesitate to recomend this hotel amd will deffinatley use it again as I can't wait to return to Barcellona.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Braunton
<Content>Ideal location       Inside the hotel there is a wonderful open space with tables and chairs  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WalesTraveller
<Content>Good, central Barcelona hotel We recently stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. It is in an excellent location, not far from the Ramblas (and hence the Metro station) as well as the Gothic quarter, the Cathedral etc. There are plenty of bars and restaurants close by. As many others have said, the rooms are fairly small and although not spectacularly decorated, they are adequate and clean. The bathroom was quite a good size though. There is a little atrium courtyard in the middle of the hotel which is nice to relax in and read a book after a busy day in Barcelona. One downside to this hotel is that there is only one (tiny) lift which is incredibly slow and you have to wait a while for it come! Many times we just gave up!The reception staff were very friendly and welcoming, especially with the free glass of cava on arrival! The free tea/ coffee/ croissants etc during the day was also a nice touch, as well as free internet access if you need it. The breakfast was included in the price of our stay and it was pretty decent.Overall we thought this hotel was quite good value for money considering its central location.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>carbs47
<Content>Wonderful experience Just returned from wonderful 4 day break at the Raco del Pi and just cannot find fault with any part of our stay at all. The location of the hotel is second to none - nestled in the very heart of the gothic area, close to shops, las ramblas and catalunya square. I had booked the room directly with the hotel, and emailed a request for a larger room after reading some of the reviews here - we were allocated a larger, corner room at the front of the hotel (304). Whilst the room wasn't huge, it was certainly more generous than some of the other rooms towards the back of the hotel that we peeked into when the maid was cleaning. The room also had two small balconies, one overlooking the pedestrian street (great for people watching with a glass of cava) and the other overlooking a quiet service alley, it was great to open the doors just to soak up the murmur of the street below, without the noise becoming intrusive. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but we did enjoy the complimentary coffee and pastries which were always fresh and a welcoming after a long day (or night) out. The hotel staff were also very friendly, offering advice and personal recommendations. Highly recommend this hotel - book direct for best rooms (appx 鈧?42 for 3 nights) .  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Patreras
<Content>Excellent This hotel was great for its location, accomodations and service. The front desk was so friendly at check in. How can you go wrong with a cold glass of cava? They booked tours, recommended restaurants, made reservations and called a taxi when we left. The rooms were small, like most of Europe, but had two french doors for great air and ambiance. The hotel is right off Plaza Pi which hosted both an art show and a gourmet foods market during our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pottandcrock
<Content>Awful Quite possibly the worst hotel I have stayed in - our room was on the top floor with no windows except for two recessed skylights letting very little light. Plug sockets hanging off the wall, very uncomfortable bed and tiny bathroom. Only positives were the service - very friendly staff - and the location, right in the middle of everything.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrandMrsDuck
<Content>Great small hotel in fantastic location Just returned from a four day stay at this great little hotel. The location is perfect right in the heart of the gothic quarter. Our room was small (207) and had no view - but having said that, the room was clean  had everything we needed (except no tea/coffee making facilities - I don't know about anyone else but I need a caffine fix in the morning so poor Nick had to get up and pop out to the coffee shop and bring it back up to the room - no great hardship as it was only 50 paces away). The staff on the front desk were very helpful and always smiling. We would definately stay here again because I think to location is pretty hard to beat - I would ask in advance though for one of the larger rooms and bring my travel kettle (for the early morning brew!!!). A couple of tips for places to see. We loved the Spanish Village (which you can get to from the Blue Route on the tourist bus (very good value and a great way to orientate yourself with the city). We had a lazy afternoon including a leisurely lunch and found it to be a nice restbite from the hustle  bustle of the city centre. Cuitadella park was another quiet spot to while away a couple of hours. A great eating place was Sinatra's which is located just off the Plaza de Reil. It's a minute away from one of the main restaurants right on the square that always has a queue!! Another is down on the marina. It is actually a moored boat but I can't remember the name (but there is only one that's a restuarent too) and they did the best tapas we had all trip. All in all a great little hotel in a fab location in an amazing city. Anyone thinking about visiting - should just go and book it  ENJOY...  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bubble23
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed at the Raco del Pi for 4 wonderful nights and found it to be exactly as people had described - fantastic! The location can't be beaten, right in the heart of everything, with tapas bars, restaurants, sights and local transport links all within a stones throw. The Ramblas is about a 10 minute walk away, with loads of little squares and alfresco bars to quench your thirst along the way! Just as people have said, it is really quiet at night and the hotel's airconditioning is fab. Yes the rooms are small, but to be honest, the cleanliness, location and staff make up for it. We didn't have the breaksfast, as we weren't staying on a BB basis, and it was really expensive (about 15 euros) per person, but there were loads of little places just outside so there was no problem. It did look great though so if you get a deal including breakfast then go for it!The only negative that we found with the location, and it is really minor, is that when the shutters go down, it is quite tricky to navigate your way back through the little winding streets to find the hotel, as all the streets look the same. It took us a few days of trundling around late at night to get our bearings in the dark, which was fun, after a few sangrias, but a little scary if you're alone i would imagine! Also, although the cleanliness of the streets has been mentioned, their methods haven't! As a youngish girl (!) with a penchant for high heals, and a tendancy to get very sore feet late in the evening, I was quite surprised by the ritual spraying of the streets from about 1:30 in the morning onwards. I have normally kicked my heels off by this point, but I learnt my lesson pretty quickly after the 3rd night of slimy and rather yucky feet, to plan ahead and either not wear shoes that will need kicking off, or avoid the sprayers - tricky when they spray the whole of the Ramblas and gothic quarter! Not a complaint in the slightest, but something I wish I had been aware of before going out on the raz!! I would definitely go back to Raco del Pi, and would recommend it to anyone wishing to visit the grogeous Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>curiousgadgy
<Content>Ticks all the boxes This hotel ticks all the boxes, perfect location, right at the centre yet just far enough away from the noise, thouroughly cleaned each day, air conditioning that works etc etc. It is a small friendly hotel with everything you need to provide a home from home and the staff are all extremely professional and helpful especially the multilingual Yannika who gave fantastic assistance when I had my wallet removed by a proffesional thief on the Metro.3 bits of advice for Barcelona visitors, avoid the metro, have breakfast included in the price (sorry but 16 euros is too much) and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beekay458
<Content>Well-located boutique hotel The H10 Raco del Pi is well-located in the Gothic Quarter of BCLN. You just walk out of your front door and you are in the thick of stores, tapas bars, and the beauty of BCLN streetlife. (BCLN is one of the cleanest big cities I have ever visited. They obviously spend a lot of money on keeping their city clean.) Despite the busy location, street noise was not a factor.The H10 is a smallish boutique hotel. It is meticulously clean although, as others have mentioned, the rooms are definitely small. We did not have a computer along and but a guest did complain to me about the WIFI signal. There was a free public computer with printer available for guest use. Mineral water and small snacks are available in the bar. There is a beautiful courtyard in the center of the building which we enjoyed using. The beds were hard but comfortable. The AC worked but not to the degree that one of our friends would have liked. The breakfast, although expensive, was very extensive and filling.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3dodos
<Content>Top location, not bad little hotel The Raco Del Pi excelled in the following areas, location (just off the Ramblas) but in a little street which is busy by day and pleasantly quiet by night, the cleanliness of the rooms were out-standing and well kitted out with useful nick-nacks, however it was somewhat let down by the pretty small rooms (205) the bathroom was particularly small. The other point worth a mention is that the walls are not very well sound insulated :-(Apart from that not bad value for money with the free tea/croissants etc whenever you're alittle peckish.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PapaEdwin
<Content>Awesome Little Hotel in the center of everything First of all thanks to all the people that takes their time to write these reviews. It was very helpfull to read what other people has to say about the places they stay. Everything everrybody says about this hotel is true. I was very happy to haved read these reviews here and found out that I made the right choice. The hotel is like a Boutique Hotel, Rooms are spacious, very high cellings, nice closets, good air conditiong units and they are clean. The staff is very friendly and willing to help you with anything. The rooms have balconies so you can go out and watch the crowd pass by. I didnt see any other hotels in the area. The area is mostly pedestrian. If you travel by car you will need a special permit to go thru that street and there is no parking spot there. So you will have to leave your car about 200 meters from the hotel. By 11:00 pm the crowd is gone so you will have no problems with the noise. Women beware of the blower. If you have long hair or like to blow dry your hair, take your own blower. The blowers are 60's type, a case with a long rubber tube and no much heat or air. The rooms have Wi-Fi high speed internet and free use of a computer in the lobby. They provide bottled water on the lobby and also fresh fruits for free. They will receive you with a glass of Cava, a very apreciated gift after ours of long travelling. Breakfast looked great but I didnt had any. There is a Croisanterie in front of the hotel that have all kind of freshly baked pastries and the coffee is the best. When I go back to Barcelona I will stay at the Raco del Pi for shure and hope you do to. I can highly recomend it!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>earthtomark
<Content>Nice place Nice place. Staff was friendly, in the limited time that I spoke to them. I tend to be a pretty self sufficient traveler. I am a little torn on the area however. A friend stayed just a few hundred meters away in a hotel on Via Laitana, which was a much easier place to get to...and find. The area that this hotel is in, is a warren of ancient streets, that at night, after drinks, becomes very diffcult to navigate. However the last night I spent in BCN, late at night I had the whole Barri Gothic to myself, and as I wandered around it was so peaceful it made the whole thing worth it. Since I'm a man and less likely to get hassled, it worked for me, but for women it *may* be different. I suppose it would depend on your level of comfort/street sense.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cmarcel78
<Content>Definitly worth it! Loved this hotel!! In the middle of everything, but also quiet when you want to get some sleep. I shared the room with 2 other people and the space was ample!! We got room 201 and the ceiling was so high and the room spacious. The bathroom was really pretty with the mosaic tiles in deep blue, with double sinks! (There was also a scale, but why depress yourself when you're on vacation). We also had a small balcony that overlooked the walkable street. Didn't take advantage of the breakfast b/c we only stayed 2 nights. But they do offer free coffee and water throughout the day and nuts to snack on.The staff was very helpful and nice. Especially, Albert. He was the best throughout my whole week in Spain.I recommend this place to those who want to be in the middle of action, but also on a quieter street. La Ramblas was 2 turns/ 2 min walk away (where all the loudness and madness is). I don't recommend staying on that street unless you plan not to get any sleep or don't want to relax. Also, the subway was close by as well as walking distance to Playa de Catalunya. This is in the heart of the Gothic quarter and I really did enjoy my stay here.Would either stay here or another H10 hotel when I return to Spain.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>RichardSomerset
<Content>Excellent hotel in great location Just returned from a short break staying at the Raco del Pi in the Barri Gothic, Barcelona. The hotel was excellent - friendly staff, glass of cava on arrival, lovely modern room with balcony overlooking the street of Barri Gothic close to the cathedral. Superb breakfast with variety of fresh fruits, cereals, yoghurt, cheeses, cold meats, bacon  egg. Great location for shops, bars, restaurants and also to La Rambla and Placa Catalunya. Liceu metro is close at hand. Recommend the orange tourist bus (the uofficial one) which takes you on a circuit around all the city's main tourist attractions for 20 euros - you can get on and off as you wish which takes about 2 hours to do the full circuit ( the official red and blue buses cost 19 euros and do a half circuit of the city). You also get discount vouchers to attractions like the Poble Espanyol and La Pedrera. Recommend the restaurants Pla de Garsa, C/Assoanadors (Catalunyan dishes); Les Quinze Nits in Placa Real (it opens at 8.30pm and you need to queue - extremely good value for money (3 course meal with litre of house wine for 4 people 74 euros!), Sinatra restaurant in C/Heures - nouvelle cuisine so order extra potatoes! Must see - the locals dancing the Sardana in front of the Cathedral 6.30pm on Saturdays (and I think at midday on Sundays) and La Pedrera (Casa Mila) - go up onto the roof.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shoegalep
<Content>Great Location The location is second to none. Staff pleasent and the free coffee is nice. However This was the smallest room I have ever stayed in and just in case you think that it my first trip to Europe....Wrong more like my 10th. The room was clean but that bed was so uncomfortable and the room so small even with the great location I would pass next time I am Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Lexma90
<Content>Great Location, Would (Will) Return We had a very good experience at Raco del Pi. Our room was clean and comfortable, with a small balcony overlooking Carrer del Pi, which was fun. Because we had a triple, it was (I assume) larger than usual, to accomodate the bed for our son.We did not eat breakfast here, choosing to eat a continental breakfast at nearby cafes instead.The location was very central for us. There was no noticeable street noise (it was a bit cool, so we didn't sleep with the windows open, and we were usually out until 11:30 or so, so I can't tell you what noise levels were like earlier). Less than 10 minutes to the Boqueria.We hope to visit Barcelona again, and if we do, we will stay here.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FrequentTravellerIre
<Content>Did the Job We are just back from a 4 night stay at the Raco del Pi. The first thing I would say is that the location is amazing, off the Ramblas and in a lovely quiet street in the Gothic Quarter. We couldnt possibly fault the location. The hotel is pretty nice, a lovely exterior and very friendly front desk staff. However the hotel room was average. I found all the dark wood quite gloomy and the room was tiny. It was however very clean and well serviced. Positives:LOCATION, powerful shower, fresh flowers in the bathroom, free drinks and pastries all day in the bar, very nice front desk staff, free tolietries in the bathroom, good air con in the room, nice comfy bedNegatives:Quite gloomy bedroom interior, no view from the room (207), slightly grubby tiles in the showerOverall, if you get this hotel at a good price I would say go for it! The location is spot on!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LiamN_Ireland
<Content>Hotel added to our stay My wife and I stayed at this hotel from the 20th May for 4 nights and we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. There was a very good selection of food for breakfast and also a small tea coffie area where you could help yourself free of charge throught the day up to bed time. The rooms were not the largest but they were quite adaquet and very clean and modern.The location of the hotel is very good and quiet. We will uyse this hotel again when we return to see the many sight that we did not manage to visit .Summing up ,three star hotel with four star attention.W McKay .Ballymena. N.Ireland.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Mirch
<Content>Great location, tiny (!) rooms We booked a room at the hotel after reading the reviews here, and I must say we were very surprised.The hotel is indeed well located, and has very nice and helpful staff, but...the rooms are so tiny that we couldn't even open our suitcase. We've asked the front desk to be moved to a bigger room, but they said that our room was one of the biggest in the hotel. Since we did want to open our suitcase and to be able to move around the room, after staying there for the first night, we moved to another hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>maggieOxford
<Content>Very friendly hotel A friend and I stayed 4 nights in this centrally located, quiet, comfortable and clean hotel. The room was a bit small, but we didn't spend much time in it. The bathroom was a good size with a good shower. There were flowers in the room. The staff were very welcoming, friendly and spoke good English. The breakfast was included and was excellent with a wide choice. A very nice suprise was the tea, coffee, croissants and cakes served free all day at the bar and the free internet access.We thought it was good value for money and would stay there again. As 2 women travelling together we found it secure and we felt safe. The location is very good, near the old cathedral, not far from a metro, but far enough from the Ramblas not to be noisy. The street opened into a lovely square with a church that held concerts and a farmers' market.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MTJTraveller
<Content>Great Stay at ARaco Del Pi We had a great stay at Raco Del Pi. I was travelling with 2 other couples and we all met up here before our cruise on the ROyal Princess. One couple arrived really early in the morning and the hotel was able to accomodate them - such wonder ful service they provided! Our room was on the 3rd floor, front of the hotel with a little balcony - perfect! We kept the windows open all night long and slept like babies! I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again when or if I come back to Barcelona - a wonderful city!Location is great, did not have breakfast, had great free internet, helpful front desk....You won't be disappointed!Thank you Raco Del Pi!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>LeilaA
<Content>My favorite hotel I loved this hotel. First off, it's location is unbeatable. It's central to everything, but it's on a quiet and winding beautiful little street , right next to Santa Maria del Pi. In fact, the church can be seen from some of the hotel's balconies. In addition, the place was spotless, the rooms were modern, and the service was great. All of the staff was extremely friendly and very courteous. I will definitely stay here during my next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lival
<Content>Excellent hotel This hotel is in an excellent locaion, close to all amenities, lovely breakfast, complimentary internet, lovely toiletries, would definitely use it again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaChingona
<Content>Shady Alleys (Don't Trust the Cabs) But a Honeyed Gem in the Tough We booked this hotel last minute, using Tripadvisor's links to venere.com. Thank GOD - although our cab driver didn't know where it was and we had to navigate the deliciously creepy alleys at night looking like complete Yankee tourists (yes, lots of heroin users, no, they didn't bother us), once we got there, it was like heaven. We arrived very early in the morning, around 6 am, and had to wait to check in, but luckily, they let us drop our bags off while we toured the city. They have delicious free breakfast and free internet! And once we arrived for real, we got a free glass of cava too! H10 Raco Del Pi is a glimmering oasis of calm and modernism in the gritty urban center of Barcelona. It's a stone's throw from the Ramblas and in the middle of the amazing Barri Gotic - full of small alleys and surprising plazas, home to some fanastic shopping. And you MUST try Juicy Jones, a short walk away, for the freshest tasting juices of your life.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>mattbutt
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location       View from balcony (Front of Hotel)  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>City Seasider
<Content>Excellent. Want to go back soon please! My wife and I stayed between 14 - 17 March, and would certainly stay here again. It has all been said before - excellent staff; very clean room; all the staff speak to you (that doesn't happen everywhere!), and the position could not be better. The complimentary drinks and pastries were very welcome. If you want guaranteed absolute silence day and night though, don't stay here. The hotel is in the middle of a very busy city and, yes, you might be disturbed. We occasionally heard the bells (I am sure they didn't ring all night), and there was a wonderful argument (known as a domestic in the UK) in the alley one evening. I wish my Spanish or Catalan had been better as I am sure I would have learn't some very useful words! It was over as quick as it started, and we both slept very well every night. Stay here, and I dont think you will be disappointed.It was my Wife's birthday whilst we were there, and we had not told the hotel. When we returned on birthday evening there was some chocolates and a very nice hand-written note of congratulation waiting for her in our room from the hotel - a very nice touch that was appreciated. They could only have got the date from her passport copied on arrival - well spotted!We got breakfast out every day, usually for about 7 - 8 Euros each. The bar in the shopping precinct (out of hotel door, turn right, turn right into covered shopping area and walk through) was good. We had excellent lunches (3 courses + drink) for 10 Euros each at Mamacafe (c/del Dr Joaquim Dou) and Anima (c/dels Angels), both in the El Raval area. The El Raval area is on the opposite side to Las Ramblas to the hotel and is well worth a visit in its own right - especially if you want to get away from the tourists.The Bus Turistic (two routes from Placa de Catalunia) at 23 Euros each for two days was good value. Be aware though that not every form of tourist transport runs every day all year round. We were disappointed to find that Tramvia Blau and the associated Funicular Tibidabo only ran at weekends when we were there.And finally. The impression from guide books, etc., is that Barcelona is rife with petty crime. I didn't see anything untoward. I live in a cosmopolitan seaside city and I didn't feel any less safe walking around Barcelona than I do in my own home central area.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dowe&Dumples
<Content>Great Location We found this hotel quite average for the price but the location was excellent. It was very close to the Ramblas and very easy to get to all areas of the Gothic Quarter and the very trendy Ravel - well worth a visit for bars and restaurants. The room was small and we had a view of a wall. The air conditioning didn't work although the the window did open so you could get some fresh air, although it was noisy outside. The bathroom was nicely decorated. I'm sure that there were probably better rooms than ours but we booked through Expedia so we didn't have an option of choosing the room. This may be something worth considering when you are booking the hotel. We didn't have the breakfast at the hotel but there is a great bakery opposite the hotel where you can grab something to eat.If you aren't going to spend much time in the hotel and you want something clean and functional with a great location then this hotel will suit your needs.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>shanecon
<Content>Location Location Location Just returned from a ,loose the kids' weekend with my wife at the the Raco del Pi and can say I found it to be an excellent Hotel and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends. We booked the hotel after reading reviews on this site and found nearly all the positive to be true, the negatives? well you can't please everyone.The cava on arrival and free cakes  coffee in the afternoon were nice little touches, but don't book because of them. Just step out of your hotels door and walk a hundred metres in any direction and you'll be spoilt for choice on alternative refreshments. the hotel is clean, modern and reasonably priced.But this hotels major asset is it's location, everything in the heart of this wonderful city is right there on your doorstep.we'll be back, soon I hope.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keentoseetuscany
<Content>Excellent hotel in superb location We stayed two nights at this hotel in early February. The location is superb - a minute's walk from La Rambla and about 5-10 mins from the Aerobus stop. The staff were very friendly and we were offered a glass of (very delicious!) cava on arrival. The room was modern and spotless. The bathroom had two washhand basins and a huge array of toiletries including a shaving kit and combs! From reading previous reviews we decided to skip breakfast in the hotel as it was too expensive, however we were offered breakfast on the first morning at a special 50% rate. That was worth it as there is a good selection to choose from. This hotel is situated in the old part of the city and is surrounded by lots of interesting little shops and cafes. If any girls reading this are into jewellery making (as I am) there is an excellent bead shop right beside the hotel. There are several more in the vicinity but some of them are trade only and in some you have to buy a set minimum number of beads. On a practical note the Aerobus is the cheapest way to get from the airport, and very straightforward. Also, as with all cities, stopping for a coffee or snack on La Rambla will be much more expensive than heading off the main street. The food market just off La Rambla is worth going to even if you are just looking! It also has lots of little tapas establishments (counters/stalls) which are packed with locals.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JAMMY2007
<Content>Just another average hotel. We arrived @10pm and were offered a glass of cava which was a nice start. The receptionist then led us to the room which smelt badly of smoke. I had put in the booking notes we wanted a non-smoking room. We were given a different room which was fine but there were ash trays present so we assumed it was still a smoking room but it was fresh and clean so we took it. During the night it was apparent the air con did not work and the room was stuffy and warm, when I opened the window noise from the alley below was annoying so we closed it again. I point this out as it could be a problem in the summer when the weather gets hot. Otherwise room was clean and bathroom nice although the room was quite small. Maids did a nice job too.The free internet use is useful and the free coffee/tea and cakes is a nice touch. The nearby Duc De La Victoria in which we stayed on our last visit to Barcelona in my opinion is a far superior Hotel. Yes the Raco Del Pi has a great location and some nice touches but thats about it I'm afraid. Average.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>roasties
<Content>Returned to this wonderful hotel Second visit to this hotel and fouth visit to Barcelona. This is by far the best hotel we have stayed in, perfectly located, very helpful polite staff and lovely modern spacious clean bedroom and bathroom - fresh flowers and lots of toiletries provided daily. Lovely little bakery opposite hotel served breakfast very resonable. Excellent location in gothic quarter to walk everywhere and feel very safe. Easy walk from Aerobus, tour bus shops and la rambla to hotel. We wouldnt want to stay anywhere else, looking forward to returning. Stayed on 3rd floor overlooking front of hotel with small balcony, no noise problem at night at all and beds very comfortable. Heard several people in reception of different ages happily returning again and again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lily8
<Content>We were very disappointed in the Raco Del Pi Having booked and confirmed the Raco Del Pi months in advance we were appalled to find that they had given our room to someone else - although at first they said it was 'a flood in the room' - as we arrived at 6pm, tired from our flight. They then asked us to wheel our suitcases a few blocks to another hotel (The Duc del la Victoria), and requested we come back the next day after 12pm (check-out time). We came back and were given a tiny room at the front of the hotel on the second floor which was incredibly noisy as the street is a pedestrian thoroughfare. We requested a quieter room and were moved to the rear first floor to be woken at 6am after an uncomfortable sleep by the sound of crashing pots and pans - we were above the kitchen!We decided then to go back to the Duc de la Victoria which for the same price had much larger rooms, a really comfortable bed with a proper sprung matress, and a big beautiful bathroom. We also had a big terrace balcony overlooking the bari gotic. The difference in quality of these two hotels was amazing, and i don't understand how the Raco Del Pi is rated 4 star. The rooms are old and tired and small, and the beds thin old traditional unsprung matresses - hopeless for dodgy backs.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flower1783
<Content>Raco del Pi: Highly Recommend Beautiful, clean, large room, very helpful and friendy staff, excellent central location in gothic quarter, cava on arrival...we couldn't have asked for anything more! (However do not take the hotel's restaurant recommendation...it was incredibly overpriced and there are many much better options in the immediate locality.)Highly recommend Irati restaurant and Taller de Tapas (in del Pi square), visit to Cathedral Roof, Park Guell and La Pedreda etc, the Perfume museum, Picasso Museum, Castle Montjuic, the Zoo, the Olympic park..and the cafe in the textile museum and the bar 'Bosc des Fades'..Have a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alanormerod
<Content>Magic Short Break First class hotel. Staff excellent. Rooms are great and the bathroom had every conceivable item you could wish for, you only need to take personal perfume/aftershave. The hotel position could not have been better, right in the heart of the Gothic area and close to The Rambla. Favourite restaurant was in Place Reial just off Rambla, be prepared to queue for 8.30pm opening but believe me its worth the wait for food/location/price.A must is the official tour bus, must do the Blue and Red routes you can get on and off them when you want best 23euros we spent for two days travel.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>over60EastKilbride
<Content>First class hotel and location Just returned from a weekend break in Barcelona. The hotel was excellent. The staff very friendly and helpful.Our room was at the front of the hotel and had a small balcony overlooking the quaint street. The room was very clean and the extra touches like toiletries and fresh flowers were perfect. The mini bar was well stocked and replenished daily.We had paid for bed and breakfast and the breakfast was excellent with a great choice.The coffee, tea, water and pastries supplied free of charge each day were most appreciated.The hotel is very near la Ramblas but far enough away to be quieter. If we were going back to Barcelona, we would definitely book this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Dritan
<Content>Good hotel at a reasonable price Just returned from a four night stay at this hotel.We paid about 拢70 a night and i thought that was pretty reasonable. Our room was just above the reception and had two patio door/windows. We did get a little lost in the warren of streets on our way to the hotel so give yourself a bit of time to get orientated. It's definitely preferable to stay in the Quarter rather than on Las Ramblas.We were offered the cava on arrival and I had arranged for a bottle of cava to be in our room as it was my husband's birthday during our stay. This was easily arranged via email and the response to the request was very quick. We took the half price breakfast on the first day but didn't bother for the other days as it was too expensive at 14 euros. If they lowered the price to around 10 euros they may get more punters.The room and bathroom were clean and tidy. I quite liked the little radio on the wall - good if you are getting ready for a night out.The minibar was well stocked and not too expensive.For dinner I would really recommend Les Quinze Nits in the nearby Placa Real. We dined here twice and were really impressed. Not used to seeing queues to get into a restaurant and a very large restaurant at that! We had the veal and lamb - really yummy. We also dined at the Taxidermista next door and were frankly underwhelmed. On the safety front, I would advise everyone to invest in a long strapped bag which you can wear across the body. I didn't see any pickpocketing or bag snatching during our visit but couldn't believe that tourists were walking around with their bag slung casually over one shoulder or wearing mini back packs!Overall, a nice little hotel, in a good location.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JBLEAR
<Content>Great hotel - fantastic location This welcoming hotel was within easy walking distance of the Placa de Catalunya, in the middle of a warren of streets which were stuffed with bars, restaurants and shops. Not far from Las Ramblas, although I didn't rate Las Ramblas at all. Our location was far better. The location was ideal, quiet, but within minutes of busier streets.Our room was at the side of the hotel (room 107). Good size, lovely and clean - no view, but that wasn't a problem at all. Loads of goodies in the bathroom - even a toothbrush kit is provided - a first for me ! Fresh flowers as well which was a nice touch. The staff were very friendly. Particularly welcome was the tea, coffee and water and cakes that were left on the bar in the afternoon and evening. Very nice when you were coming back to the hotel after a walk out ! Complimentary papers and internet access were also in the bar area as well. There was a lovely open courtyard in the middle of the bar area which would be lovely in warmer weather.I would recommend this hotel for it's great location and nice little extras that you don't often get. We got it at a very reasonable price so it was excellent value for money as well.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B-Grrrrl
<Content>A gothic gem Tucked away in the narrow streets of the atmospheric Gothic Quarter, this is a perfect location - away from the hustle and bustle, yet only a 2 minute walk from Las Ramblas, 5 minutes to Placa de Catalunya and 25 minutes to Casa Mila (La Pedrera) if you would rather soak up a little of the atmosphere of the Gracia area instead of jump on a corwded tourist bus.The staff were friendly, the rooms were clean, the mini bar not that expensive.I took my parents (mid 60's) an my other half (30 something) and we all had a terrific time.I would definitely stay at the Raco del Pi again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BigAl9
<Content>Didn't disappoint We have just returned from a 3 night stay , we chose the hotel from the reveiw s on trip advisor and it didn't disappoint us. Begining with the use of the Aerobus, short walk to the hotel, chilled Cava on arrival and giving my party 2 rooms adjacent with balconies overlooking the lovely old Gothic Quarter, we were not let down. Breakfast was included and was lovely lots of choice of fresh fruit, meats, cheese and cakes, small cooked selection (the CornFlakes however were a little strange) We made use of the complimentary tea, coffee and the internet access all lovely touches making the hotel special. We loved the position very central and the Bus Turista was brilliant, we couldn't fault the hotel and would definately stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, Art, Football and Shops what more could you want.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosiekwacker
<Content>fab hotel and city but be careful... Booked this hotel on the basis of reviews on Trip Advisor so felt I had to have my say!! Took my mum to Barcelona for 3 nights to celebrate her 70th birthday so was looking for a central hotel - not too expensive. This hotel is very centrally located - ideal for shopping and exploring the Ramblas. The rooms are clean (if a little too warm and as we were on the first floor over looking the terrace we couldn't open our window) and ours was a nice size with a large bathroom. Majority of the staff were nice and helpful although we were not offered a glass of cava when we arrived - even though it was on the reception desk and I didn't have the guts to ask for it!! Only fault I found with this hotel was the noise level - be warned - bring ear plugs. Regardless of where your room is within the building you will have some noise - because it is located in a pedestrianised shopping district you won't have much traffice noise but you will hear the local church bells, shoppers and late night partiers and also within the hotel, the rooms and corridors are tiled which means that foots steps etc. are quite loud. Also, some rooms are located right next to the lift and stair well which can also be noisy. Aside from that I would highly recommend this hotel - price and comfort could not be beaten and the choice of breakfast in the morning was huge (this was included in our package). Only major downside of our weekend was the fact that my purse was stolen from my handbag - I still have no idea how they got it but when I returned to the hotel after dinner on our last night it was gone. Luckily I had only the bare essentials in it but still - it was a shock to find it gone. I'd like to pride myself on being savvy when it comes to this kind of thing but they are utter professionals - so make use of the safe in your room (only 2 Euro a night) and ensure you use a back pack that is zipped up and has two straps - and preferably keep it to your front. Stay to well lit areas at night and be smart. Barcelona is a fabulous place and I would return again tommorrow but I'd be wiser next time when it comes to personal security.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>hopefulfromderby
<Content>Great location... We have just returned from a 5 day trip to Barcelona, 8-1-07 through 12-1-07 (first time). Booked all via travel agent, flew from Coventry to Barcelona.Have to agree with most comments on hotel:- location: couldn't be bettered!- air con: poor, temp. outside was about 15-20c but still too warm in room- noise: could hear the church bells. I am a light sleeper so this was an interruption- breakfast: good, nice fresh fruit and good choice (inclusive to our deal)- reception: not too impressed. They recommended one of the most expensive restaurants in the area. It was empty when we arrived so we just turned round and left! Guess the guy was on some kind on commission.All in all Barcelona is a fascinating place, some great architecture and plenty to see and do for 5 days. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pinchy
<Content>Nice little hotel Having stayed here last week for 3 nights, I have to agree with the other reviews, we didn't bother with a taxi and just got the aerobus from the airport, (3 euros 75) which dropped us off at Plaza Catalunya, and the hotel was about 5 minutes or so away. Again, agree with the checking in, we were offered a glass of cava which was really nice. The free tea, coffee etc are available after 1pm, and run all night., there are only about 3 tables to sit at, so could be a squash if a few people wanted to sit there. We had the breakfast there, which was fine at 50% discount at 7 euros each. We went to Mikos on Las Ramblas the other mornings, and you could get an 'american breakfast' with with coffee for 6 euros 20, but we tried the traditional type,(same price) bread with tomato rubbed on it with serrano ham and cheese, with fresh orange and coffee.I agree about the church bells, it was quite warm when we were there, and I asked at reception about the air con, as there didn't appear to be any, but it is typical Spain, they can't understand why we want to be cold in the winter! We ended up opening the window, so could hear the bells, which didn't bother us too much during the night, but you could really hear them about 8am or 9am.Our bath was very small, I'm 5'2 and I couldn't lie down in it! Nevertheless, everything was nice and clean and in good repair.Again, agree Taller de Tapas was quite expensive, it was good quality, but quite small portions. We ordered clams and beans, which cost nearly 7 euros, and we counted 6 small clams! Good service and good wine though.Excellent location!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LuckyduckBristol
<Content>Not Just pick pockets Found the hotel fine for the price, great location and agree with comments from other users.We were given a sheet from the hotel warning of the types of ways people would steal from you. We have a new one to add. Walking to Gaudi's cathedral we were asked by a man who was looking at a map if we could show him where he was. As we tried to help two burly men came and identified themselves as policemen, said there was counterfeit money around and asked for passports and wallets. The lost stooge produced his and was given them back. It didn't feel right so I refused and asked to see their identification which they had flashed at the start very quickly. They then waved us on.Be careful  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bloors
<Content>Totally fabulous-no complaints       the bedroom  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>baltorich
<Content>Good hotel, great location, bad beds You can't get a better location right in a pedestrian zone in the heart of Barcelona. The room was quite spacious and the bath, featuring a jacuzzi tub, was huge. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the busy shopping street but the doors did a good job of blocking out most of the noise (if you're noise sensitive though, you don't want a room facing the street). I would've given it 4 stars but the beds are atrocious. I asked for a double bed for two but got the old-school european separate twins that were made separately and pushed together. Even worse were the mattresses which were really very uncomfortable. I can sleep on almost anything but still woke up every morning in pain because the thin mattress was like a rock.The people at reception were very friendly, and it was nice that they regularly provided drinks, snacks and internet usage. Take their security warnings seriously. At 2 in the morning on the second night were were woken up by loud screams from the street where a man walking alone had been mugged and pushed to the ground - literally right in front of the hotel. It's not that the hotel is in a bad area (just the opposite really), but that muggers know that tourists wandering the streets at that hour are easy prey.We took advantage of the first morning 50% off breakfast which was good, but it's definitely not worth the regular 15 euro they charge if it's not included in your room.The only reason I wouldn't stay here again is the beds. They just don't give you the comfort you need after playing tourist all day and night.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bubble977
<Content>Great Little Hotel This hotel was ideal for our 5 day trip to Barcelona. It is a 2 minute walk from La Ramblas and the same to the Cathedral and square. We were greeted with a glass of Cava, our cases were taken to our room. The hotel serve free coffee and crossaints from 1pm until late. We got a great deal on the hotel and couldnt of asked for a better hotel for the price we paid. All in all a very nice hotel, with very professional and helpful staff. The only downside to the hotel is that you can hear the clock chime on the hour, every hour, so if your a light sleeper youmay find this annoying. It wasnt a problem for us. Would recommend.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wirralmember
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in the Raco Del Pi 12 months ago and, having enjoyed our stay, decided to return this year. We weren't disappointed.We asked for a room over the street on the booking form and got a large 2nd floor room with a small balcony. There was a well stocked mini bar and in the bathroom theres just about every toiletry you need, even a passable cologne.Theres lots nice homely touches, like free internet access, complementary fruit, snacks and coffee, and the staff are friendly and helpful. All those we dealt with spoke perfect English.For a weekend break the location couldn't be better, 5 minutes from the Aerobus in Placa Catalunya and smack in the middle of the Gothic quarter. Carrer Del Pi is a pedestrian street so theres little noise to bother you at night, and theres a nice cafe in the square 50 yards away if you'd rather head out for breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>purpleboots
<Content>Very central, very clean We booked on the strength of Tripadvisor reviews so better report back! very central, really easy to get in and out of and mercifully just out of reach of the Ramblas. All the usual 4* stuff, but very basic. We'd booked a twin and got two beds shoved up against each other (easy to move but irritating). Agree with other reviewers that the rooms are small but thanks to imaginative architecture, even the inside ones are light. Very nice to see free internet - no-one mentioned that there was complementary coffee and cake or that there is also a library of books (on the third floor). Staff were good, I'd stay there again and can see it being great if you're there for business but not my idea of a place for romance  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jypdc
<Content>Avoid this hotel - in particular single rooms! A friend and I booked two single rooms here this past weekend. We were extremely dissatistifed with the rooms and left to find other accomodations. Upon our departure, the hotel threatened that they'd called the police because we refused to resubmit our credit card information (which the hotel already had through our booking on Venere). I would strongly suggest avoiding this hotel! More details on our experience follow.The single rooms are extremely small (think storage closet), but much worse than size, the singles are located next to the elevator. The head of the bed is located right next to the elevator shaft - not even across the room! The walls are so thin that we could not only hear the elevator but could also feel the vibrations. A major design flaw!We requested another room - any other room. However, the hotel was fully booked. We asked for a room at another H10 hotel (there are several properties in Barcelona), but there was only one room available at one of the other H10 properties. We were told that we could have that room, but would still have to pay the late cancellation fee of one night for the single rooms that we found unacceptable. I know of no other hotel that would charge a cancellation fee if a guest merely transfers to another property.We called around and found another hotel (non-H10) that was nearby and had 2 rooms available.Upon our departure, the hotel manager on duty told us that we needed to resubmit our credit card so that he could charge us for one night - essentially as no shows. We refused, saying that he already had our credit card information through our booking on Venere. We questioned why he would need the information again.An hour or so later, my friend received a threatening call on her mobile from the hotel manager that he had reported us to the police. The threat appeared to be false, as we were never contacted by the police during our stay in Barcelona. However, I found this hotel to be unreasonable in its policies, and unprofessional in its threats.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>angel84
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Holiday! I stayed at Raco from the 20th to 24th November with my sister and mum so age range 22 to 57.First things first, the hotel was great, good location, clean and well presented. Upon arrival, staff were helpful and accomodating - we were given our free glass of Cava and shown around the hotel ammenities, free internet access was great for me and free pastries, coffee and tea served during the day. The hotel did have some downfalls, my sister was given a box room with a skylight for the same price as the double I shared with my mum - which was booked as a twin. The smaller room had a constant dripping noise which no engineer seemed to be able to sort out but in all honesty, these factors did little to discourage my overall impression of the place. The rooms were clean and well stocked with shampoo's, bath gels, shower caps etc which were replenished every day. We didn't venture into the restaurant so I have no review of there other than 30 odd euros seemed expensive for a breakfast when there are a plethora of fantastic pastry shops within easy walking distance. At night, it can be somewhat scary going through small streets but for our four nights there we didn't encounter any problems. To anyone travelling to this hotel, I would strongly suggest putting all your valuables in the safe at only 2 euros per night(plus tax) and take as little out as need be. Despite warnings everywhere about pick pockets, I had my purse stolen as I was jumping on the metro. Be very aware that these people are professinals.Barcelona on the whole was a fantastic place, I was strongly suggest taking the 2 day pass on the bus turistic however, once you get the hang of the bus and metro system, it's really not hard to navigate your way to the sights. The Sagrada Familia is an absolute must! If you are brave enough there are some great places to be found off the beaten track - Hotel Senetor has a fantastic spa open to the public - 3 hours of relaxation, floating in pools with oranges in and a whole host of crazy but fantastic experiences - and at only 15 euros, it is well worth it! In terms of food, Barcelona is not as far as I could tell a vegetarian friendly city. I often found it hard to find something I fancied but experimentation opened my eyes to a world of things I never would have tried. There is a great Veggie restaurant called Organic which is well worth a visit. And Sinatra's round the corner from Placa Real does fab Tapas if you want to try something new.This city is a great place to visit but do invest in a good tourist guide. As a supplement and if you are a bit daring - buy LeCools guide to Barcelona which has some great non-touristy suggestions.Hope this helps anyone contemplating a trip to Barcelona - DO IT!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Reisenz
<Content>Great location Excellent location, just off La Rambla amongst many little boutiques, bars and restaurants but away from the noise of the main drag.Staff were very polite and helpful especially when a doctor was needed in one particular emergency!Room was quite small but adequately equipped for a 5 night stay where you intend to spend more time out and about than stuck indoors.Worth knowing that if you want a double bed rather than twins, just ask when booking (typed into requests section in Expedia)Would definitely go back to this hotel on our next trip to Barcelona despite the lift being the slowest in the world!Highly recommend going to Santamonica restaurant nearby in Placa Reial 12, walk down La Rambla past Boqueria and Unio and next left in to the large square, avoid all the other touristy type restaurants and you'll find SM on the side.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>sasja
<Content>good value I stayed here with my mother for three days. We had a spacious very calm, clean room with a very good bed and bathroom. Breakfast was good. Staff was helpfull; made all our restaurant reservations, gave helpfull tips about dinner hours in Barcelona. Free internet provided. (very handy). And the location couldn't be better, just around the corner of a lovely square, where you could hang out both for drinks (cava is only 2 euro's a glass) and tapas.Hotel is in an old building, but with an almost completely new interior. (don't expect a romantic crooked room). It's modern, efficient, clean not cheaply furnished, but certainly not the typical spanisch hostal. My mother was really content; it was the kind of hotel where she could have a nice rest in the afternoon from the very busy city.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>martyap
<Content>Great City! Great Location! Just returned from three nights in the Raco del Pi. A short walk to Las Ramblas and as said before a location that cannot be beat. Was in room 204 with a small balcony overlooking Carrer del Pi. Only noise at night was the garbage collection. The area is really quiet after the shops close. At night it is best to stick to the main streets and aviod the dark/quiet ones. Room was clean and functional and the staff was great. Beds were hard but did not prevent us from sleeping after touring all day. Water, pastries and coffee available daily right outside the small breakfast room.We did have breakfast the first night at the 1/2 price rate of 7e...not worth the regular 14e rate...plenty of places to grab breakfast. Right next door is an inside shopping gallery with some cute shops including a very small family owned food counter which opens at 9:00am. Breakfast for two was about 7e. Great fresh squeezed zumo de narranja.We tried Taller de Tapas close to the hotel and was not impressed. Prices were high and food was so-so. If you want tapas go to one of the many small tavernas. Tapas are about 1,60e each and you select right off the counter. They count the toothpicks after and charge you accordingly. Great with beer or cava. Also, go to Placa Real about a ten minute walk. Many great restaurants including Les Quintz Nitz. Join the line about 8:00 pm for the 8:30 seating. VERY reasonable...great variety and super food. Four of us had three courses and wine for 80e. And do not miss grabbing some fruit, a bocadilla or pastries at La Boqueria Market also a ten minute walk right on Las Ramblas. We used the Tourist bus and it was a great way to see the entire city if the weather is good and you can sit on top. We lucked out and it was 68-72 with no rain every day. Taxi cost about 30e to the airport as they do charge a luggage surcharge which seems to have no set rate. Many taxis cannot find the hotel. Heading up Las Ramblas.... turn right after you pass La Boqueria...then the second right on Carrer del Pi.Our friends stayed at the MonteCarlo right on Las Ramblas for three times the price. Room was certainly much nicer but we were glad we picked the Raco del Pi. Will return on our next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>PAndrew32
<Content>A great city and a great location Another great hotel found thanks to the advice given by Trip Advisor. It was great to receive a glass of nice chillied Cava on arrival and the staff were friendly and polite. Breakfast was an excellent affair (not sure about the scrambled eggs though) and although we never used the bar service it was another nice touch. The hotel itself is very modern, small however very comfy. The double room we booked was very good value (go to justhotel.com website) with two single rock hard beds put together.The shower room was slippery and the air con was a nice. Be aware of the lack of hangers and pack a few extras. The big up is the location. It cannot be beaten. All in all we loved it.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Deborah4967
<Content>Greatest location! Perfect location for walking around, shopping, sightseeing - we love the neighborhood! Knowledgeable and friendly hotel staff, quiet room overlooking a back street, free internet access was essential for changing travel plans. Sleep late and eat breakfast at one of the cafes around the corner, but we had an early breakfast at the excellent hotel buffet the day we had to leave. Room is not too small, but modern and clean. The air conditioning was very subtle, the marble bathroom floor is treacherously slippery after a shower, and the bed really is quite hard. But we intend to return!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Austringer
<Content>What a location! Caught the 拢2.50 bus to Placa de Cataluna and a lovely 400yd walk to the hotel, right in the middle of the Gothic area. What a superb location, shops, restaurants etc right outside and no traffic!Hotel was just as described, from the cava on arrival to fantastic breakfasts and the 'free' afternoon drinks and cakes.The staff were lovely and attentive and we couldn't have asked for anything more.We used the metro for all our travelling, very cheap and quick - I would avoid the tour buses which seemed to have endless queues.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Hermosa90254
<Content>Great, convenient hotel We absolutely loved this hotel. It is conveniently located in the heart of the old city, only minutes from the metro and La Rambla. We had a great room on the 4th floor, and though it overlooked th pedestrian area, we did not find the noise at night to be a problem. The room was a good size and the bathroom was not to be believed. The staff was very friendly, greeted us cheerfully every morning and every evening; answered all our questions, provided restaurant recommendations, provided directions, etc. The late afternoon snacks in the lounge area were a bonus. Can't say enough good things about this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheKatt
<Content>Fabulous! Fabulous hotel! Great location, close to everything. Ask for room #202. HUGE room with a jetted tub, that is wonderful after walking around all day. Very clean and quiet, small balcony overlooking the shopping area.Free internet and champagne everyday. Front staff alittle snooty and not to smart about where things are, considering they live in Spain and work with tourists, but that can be overlooked for the great room and location.Have stayed in many 5 star hotels and would definatly come back to the Raco Del Pi!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>JayPDee
<Content>Okay, but does not live up to the hype The location - absolutely excellent. You couldn't wish for better. Easy walking distance to La Rambla and the underground.The rest was, well, average. We arrived on Friday 29/09 at 7.30pm and were greeted by a full compliment of departing guests hogging reception... waiting for their taxi to the airport. The reception is very small. Eventually the receptionist turned up and copied our passports before advising us we would be staying in room 107. No cava offered...Overlooking a narrow, deserted side-street the room was quite small but very crisp and clean. The bathroom was also small and neat and exhibited the fresh flower and wide range of toiletries as descirbed in previous guest reports. We were lucky enough to have a full height 'patio'-style door that opened onto a very small balcony. The air conditioning worked perfectly despite the daytime temperature averaging 28 degrees, for early October...The breakfast was superb, with every conceivable taste catered for. Although it was charged at 鈧?4 (per person) for the first 2 mornings it was only 鈧? for the 3rd morning, this averages at 拢7.50 (鈧?1.50/$13.50) per day for as much as you can possibly eat and drink, excellent value.The free internet was present but nearly always fully occupied from early in the morning 'til late at night. The free coffee, water and pastries were very pleasant after a long days' trekking but only made up for the lack of such facilities in the guest rooms.Overall a very pleasant stay. For the location and facilities in the great city of Barcelona the H10 Raco del Pi offers a discrete but average experience. Just don't expect 4-star quality for a 3-star price.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Carrie8080
<Content>Hotel was really lovely ... This hotel was really lovely. My friend and I stayed here for the weekend a couple of weeks back. On arrival we were offered a glass of Cava and made aware of the free crossiants that we could help ourselve to throughout our stay - great! The room was massive and clean throughout. The bathroom gorgeous. Though located right in the heart of Las Ramblas which was a plus point for us, when walking back after a meal out the streets were less busy with people and we were conscious to keep our wits about us as we wondered back. We would go back again though.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CP94
<Content>A terrible experience. This hotel is ideally suited within the colourful gothic area of the city. That's were the positive endorsements end.In theory we thought we had done enough research to be confident we had made an excellent choice - how wrong we were!!!We stayed at this hotel from 30th Sept to 3rd Oct 鈥?4 nights and in 3 different bedrooms.Each of the 3 rooms totally lacked an adequate air conditioning/circulation system. When eventually we were driven to open the room windows, the ambient sound of passing late night revelers ensured you were woken every 20 mins.From other reviews, there may be some good rooms in this hotel. Take my advised don鈥檛 take a gamble that you may get one.Don't let our particular hotel experience put you off what is a wonderful city.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Madre_di_Dios
<Content>Can this be the same hotel everyone else here stayed at? After reading other glowing reviews here about the H10 Raco del Pi in Barcelona, my friend and I booked a double room there more than 6 months in advance of our trip, confident it would be a great place to stay. Our flight arrived in Barcelona very early local time, so when I confirmed our reservation in writing a week in advance of our arrival, I requested early check-in. Nope! They couldn't be bothered to arrange this, not even with a week's advance notice. The hotel did not let us check in a second before 2:00 p.m. Exhausted and unbathed, up for more than 24 hours straight, we had to wander around Barcelona in a sleep-deprived stupor before many places were even open. You can't tell me they couldn't have compromised and had a clean room for us by NOON, with a week's notice, at the very least. Our room was a colossal disappointment. We had room 101, which must be very different from the guest rooms described by other reviewers. It was a dim and depressing 9' x 9' not counting the bathroom. There were no luggage racks, only two tiny sock drawers, and no place to conveniently stow luggage out of our ways, even on the floor. The two beds I'd requested were twin beds with about 2 of space between. If the tile floor was ever swept or mopped the whole time we were there, I'd be surprised, because my socks turned black walking on that floor. The air conditioning and air circulation was beyond abysmal; the air reeked of stale smoke and never, ever changed. Even overnight, even cranked, the air conditioning never quite cut it. Window was locked shut. The front desk staff seemed polite, professional and made earnest attempts to accommodate us, but the housekeeping staff was puzzling at best. Although there were two people in the room, the housekeeping staff only provided towels for one. When we finally got them to start providing enough towels for two, we still couldn't get them to give us an extra washcloth. We left a note with a tip of 3 Euro (we tipped every day about this amount) asking for por favor, uno mas toallita. We returned about 2:00 that afternoon to find both the tip and the note GONE, but our room still not made up. A few minutes later, a housekeeper came by with two more towels, not washcloths. Our Spanish was not so awful that we couldn't hear her cackling to the other housekeepers outside the door about the weirdos in 101 who wanted all the extra towels. From then on, we did not leave tips! Although the tile in the bathroom was lovely, the loose-fitting shower door inevitably allowed a lake of water to leak onto the floor during every shower, and a sole towel hook meant that one of us always had to hang her towel in the closet. The room was also poorly insulated against sound, and late-night partiers lurching around and yelling to one another through the stairwells easily woke us. Our conclusion is that this is a 2-star hotel that charges and masquerades as a 3-star hotel. Although the Barri Gotic is a fascinating neighborhood and very walkable, if you're looking for comfort and cleanliness, I'd recommend going elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	3	

<Author>jlafata
<Content>Excellent Hotel ! Pros:Location is excellent in middle of gothic quarter, tons of restaurants, shops, plazas, within walking distance of everything. The staff was superb - super friendly. I didn't have a converter for my cell phone charger - they had one for me to borrow so I could charge my phone. It was pouring rain one day - they had umbrellas for the guests to borrow. Free internet access in lobby so you can check your email. Our room had a balcony overlooking the street and was a beautiful view, the bathroom had slate tiled floors, 2 sinks, and a jetted bathtub with shower, fresh flower. You should request a quiet room with a view for these types of things, the hotel usually complies and there is no extra fee for these nicer rooms. The rooms furniture and accents are also new and updated. Feels like the hotel just opened a few months ago.Cons:The hotel is in an area that is not serviced by cars, but alhtough we couldn't take a taxi into the hotel, the hotel was able to arrange a taxi from the hotel door to get to the airport.For 134 EUROS this is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Griff_Yorks
<Content>Fabulous Location! We stayed at the Hotel Raco Del Pi on 18th August until the 22nd August. The hotel is really easy to find, we got the airport bus which runs every 15 mins and costs 3.75 Euros, the service terminates at Place De Catalunya and the hotel is just a good 5 mins walk from there.We were greeted by really friendly staff at the hotel reception and offered a nice cold glass of Cava, which was most welcome after the journey! The rooms have a contemporary, modern feel to them, the only slight criticism i would have is some more coathangers in the wardrobe and a chest of drawers would have been handy.The Hotel is just off Las Ramblas in the Barri Gotic, which is a wonderful maze of medieval streets/alleys, it is well situated for all the major attractions, the Metro system and buses are easily accessible.If i visit Barcelona again i would definitely book into this hotel without a second thought.Donna and Adrian, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>minnie_cooper
<Content>A wonderful little hotel I booked this hotel as part of a surprise 60th birthday trip to Barcelona for my Dad, also taking my mother, my partner and 15 month old baby son. I booked on the high recommendations from this website, and the location and price - and I am so glad that I did. My parents absolutely loved it, saying that it was one of the best hotels that they had stayed in (and they're very well travelled!).Our room was a little dark, facing the inside of the courtyard -but it was also quite spacious, which we needed with the supplied babies cot in the room. And my parents room, next door but one, had a beautiful balcony looking out to the street below.Even though the hotel is thoroughly modernised, it hasn't lost the historic character of the original building, with very high beamed ceilings in the rooms and the original stone staircase.The breakfast is well worth getting, with a huge range of delicious food to choose from. An added bonus for us was that the staff were SO lovely to my son, and every morning took him off to meet everyone in the kitchen, which gave me and my partner a welcome break to eat our breakfast in peace.The location is unrivalled in one of the prettiest quiet little streets in the Gothic Quarter, and a 2 minute walk from the amazing food market.All in all, a wonderful stay, at a lovely hotel small enough to retain the personal touch.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LeedsRhinos06
<Content>Great hotel, location and city       Bedroom, Room 402  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kasi
<Content>Excellemt We've just returned from very long weekend in Barcelona. The Raco del Pi is lovely, it has to be the cleanest hotel I've ever seen. The staff were very helpful and polite. Flowers in the bathroom. Not only were the rooms tidied every day , the towels were changed everyday instead of every other day The glass of Cava on arrival is a lovely touch as is the free coffee and cake in the afternoons. We stayed on the third floor with a balcony at the front of the hotel and wasn't disturbed by noise at all. I didn't find the area in the least bit intimidating, in fact was quite quaint.The only thing for me that stops this 4 star is no pool and entertainment in the evenings, but to be honest, with the beach down the road and the amount of bars and restaurants I don't think we'd have had time to use them anyway.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KD2007Lurgan
<Content>FANTASTIC!!! 10/10 Just home after spending 5 fantastic nights in this hotel and is probably one of the best hotels i've ever stayed in. Great location, friendly staff and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting BarcelonaThe complimentary pastries, coffee and mineral water make a great free lunch. The breakfast is also good. The rooms are very well presented and the external terrace is great for sitting in the sun and reading the morning papers.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful and speak perfect english.This hotel has it all....10 out of 10!!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>camelduke
<Content>Great hotel in great location Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Raco del Pi in Barcelona. Great central location right off the Ramblas. Very near metro station, Boqueria market, and tons of restaurants--but far enough away to avoid the noise. Very clean  new-looking hotel. Rooms well-appointed. Extremely nice bathroom with tiled walls. Very reasonable cost. Small  separate beds--but what do you expect in Europe! After a long day walking around Barcelona, you'll sleep just fine. Even for me (and I'm 6'4). Recommend interior room--heard exterior rooms were a tad noisy. I would highly recommend the Raco del Pi. I would definitely stay again on my next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coljoh
<Content>21st Birthday Celebration My son recently celebrated his 21st birthday so we went as a family group to the Raco Del Pi hotel. My wife had viewed the hotel on a website (Venere.[--]) and decided it met our needs ie central location, air conditioned rooms, free internet access.We had read previously that a free glass of cava was given upon arrival, but the bottle was nearly empty so we did not all get a glass. This was a small point and not a great concern, to be frank.The rooms were small but well appointed, even including items like toothbrushes, shoe cleaning kit, shaving kit.The staff throughout the hotel were polite and helpful and all spoke English much better than I spoke Spanish.At the end of the day, there was free coffee, tea, water, cakes available in the bar area. In fact, I believe this was available throughout the day. On occasion, supplies were low but these were replenished by asking any of the hotel staff.Breakfast was not cheap but I found the selection of hot and cold dishes to my taste. Eating out was not as good as hoped for.The service in many of the restaurants in La Rambla and adjoining areas left a bit to be desired. I would say that if top quality food is your priority, then Barcelona is not the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>adogranonthepitch
<Content>You must visit this hotel! Fantastic, brilliant, marvelous. This hotel is simply the best.Its in the centre of things, the rooms are brilliant. It is 4* standard.Rooms are fab, have air conditioning and appointed well. Breakfasts are brilliant, lots of choice, meats, fruits, egg and bacon (for the Brits), lots of cakes - my Mrs loved the baked cheesecake, cheese.Staff are the best, speak briiliant English.Do take note, the hotel is in a Pedestrian area. You will have a three/four minute walk from the road to the hotel.There is no better!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AJOK
<Content>Expensive, Hot, Conjested We stayed at the H10 Raco Del Pi 5-12 July 2006. It was our first visit to Barcelona, and we chose to go to this hotel on previous recommendations posted here. We agreed that the rooms were rather small although the air conditioning was good as it was baking hot outside. The hotel was ok, although a bit expensive, but considering the location was very central, but quite hard to find as all surrounding streets were pedestrians only. La Rambla is only minutes away from the hotel. Breakfast was an extra 拢14 euros per person per day, plus 2 euros per day if you wanted to use the room safe. Free tea  coffee at the small bar, but no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms, which was disappointing. For those considering taking/hiring a car to get to Barcelona, forget it totally, there are no parking places anywhere. We left our car in a public car park the first night, which cost 23 euros. We then tried to find alternative parking the next day, and found a parking place 8 kilometres from our hotel in the Val De Hebron area, and had to use the subway to get back to the hotel. We left the car there for 3 days, then used the public car park for the rest of the stay. The hotel does have an arrangement for parking around the Cathedral we found out too late, but it's almost 22 euros per night. It's also a nightmare driving in Barcelona, it's always totally conjested, night  day, and you can't even stop to look at a map. Weather was very hot  humid, around 93 degrees most days. Subways are air conditioned and regular, if you can stand the 100 degrees on the platform waiting for the train. All in all it's a nice, clean small hotel, rather expensive tho. Note :- The police will stop you and warn you to be vigilant if they see you're wallet in your back pocket, as there are pick pockets. Also watch out for young women with babies. They gather round you in crowds begging, and looking for something to steal. Prices... as usual the busiest, like La Rambla will set you back 17 euros for 2 drinks (Bacardi/Pint of beer), go a bit further out and prices come down to around 12 euros. After we'd seen the Nucamp Stadium, we used the car to travel to Tarragonna, and Calella  Loret de Mar, very pleasant. Verdict.. nice city, but too hot  humid  conjested to see much of it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good clean hotel We spent 4 nights in the H10 Raco del Pi - it was very clean, comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful. The location is excellent as it is very central and it's easy to walk just about everywhere but if you need to use the subway, there is a stop a few blocks away. There are some great tapas choices very close to the hotel as well. Las Ramblas is worth a walk down, but it's very crowded and very touristy, which we typically don't enjoy, but worth a walk down at least once. The Boqueira market is also an interesting stop just off Las Ramblas. Barecelona as a city has a great bohemian energy that makes it stand out compared to other major European cities.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pyrford
<Content>does what it say's on the? We stayed here as part of a birthday present,I selected it having read other reviews,and it does exactly what it sets out to do.Great hotel for its position in relation to the city sites.I know there have been comments about the price of breakfast,but when you consider bacon and eggs (hot) cold meats yougart,cereals,fruit,rolls and a choice of jams,etc,etc.Its not that over priced.Its very clean and well looked after a credit to the group(H10).We'd consider using them again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dandb
<Content>Good Location, Excellent Staff We chose this hotel based on previous reviews and location. We were not disappointed with the location, we loved this area best in Barcelona. The hotel staff were superb, we were welcomed on arrival with a glass of cava, as written about in other reviews, the staff were friendly and helpful throughout our stay. The hotel was modern in decoration and we loved the corridor glass walls view through the to the courtyard below.Our room was on the the 3rd floor, it was beautifully clean. Although not large, the room size was adequate with basic furnishings, the bed was surprisingly comfortable despite being very firm. The only downsides to the room we had were (a) The view out of our room window wasn't great at all (b) It was a smoking room and smelt badly of smoke on our arrival. Unfortunately, our travel agents hadn't passed on our request for non-smoking, and they were none available. However, the duty reception staff arranged to have the room freshened, which immediately cleared the problem for us and finally (c) Our room was close to the lift, which did disturb me late at night.However, we still thought the hotel was very good despite the above. We found the breakfast provided an excellent choice to set you up for the day and the tea/coffee/pastries that you could help yourself to in the bar during the day, a really nice touch along with the free internet facility.If we ever returned to Barcelona, I would choose to stay at this hotel again - but with a request for different room.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>durhamgirl1
<Content>Location Location Location!! (one of the best in Barca)       Placa Sant Joseph - about 50 paces from hotel - we had breakfast in this square most mornings  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnSwin
<Content>Excellent Well pleased with the Raco di Pi Really enjoyed the Raco Di Pi excellent service great roomReally good location.Close to Las Ramblas and the main square.The best value was the turistbus 2 day pass  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frombaritomiami
<Content>Excellent position, great price/quality ratio I stayed with my wife at Raco del Pi over the last week of May 2006 and it was overall a very good experience. I can repeat all other things that other reviewers have already stressed, but I will concentrate on a few inside tips for this specific hotel.HOW TO GET THERE: Remember oyu are in the Gothic quarter, the taxi will not be able to drop you off in front of the hotel during regular hours, since it is a pedestrian zone, but your walk will be short. On the way back, if you are leaving early in the morning, the cab will definitely pick you up at the door. Just remember the time of the day makes a huge difference between nobody in the streets and hundreds of people walking with you...ROOMS/LOCATION: Location, excellent in the middle of the Gothic quarter. If you have a room with balcony (Rooms 01-04 on each floor) you will have more noise but a larger room. If you stay, like I did, in rooms (08-09) it will be in a smaller room but super quiet (only minor problem in room 309 was that the maid storage room was near our room and when she would come in the morning you could hear her pull the cart and her stuff out of the room).CLEANLINESS/MODERN: Rarely have I seen such a cleaner hotel, and since it is new, all areas exude modern clean taste without looking cold.BREAKFAST: Although lovers of continental breakfast will find everything under the sun in the small restaurant room in the morning, you can have a very large breakfast in the croissanterie right in front of the hotel for a quarter of the price. Only trick (already mentioned): first day is half off, so have breakfast there the first morning until you find a good spot for the following days. The best is the free food left at the bar 24 hours a day for the guests, not so much for the pastries, which are just the leftover from breakfast and get stale by the evening, but for the free water that is a nice gesture since you will be walking a lot in the city and a nice glass of water upon arriving to the hotel before you go to your room is great.INTERNET: It all depends on the other hotel guests: there were days in which nobody would be there, ther were days when one person would be sitting there for hours at a time. Moreover, it is only one computer open to anybody but also to everybody's view, so forget privacy...LOBBY: they do ask you to leave the keys at the desk when you leave (?) they must have had bad experiences, but they are very nice and helpful. Yes, there is free cava (champagne-like wine) but after the first couple of days you want to go and drink it in the bars and restaurants, not in the hotel lobby... Also, remember, the safe is not included in the price, and it is 2 euros a day.OVERALL: To recommend for the best location in a relative quiet area and the clean modern look, great service.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jumper71
<Content>New room, old city       Small balcony with view  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautifully clean and beautifully located Just returned from a 4 night stay in Barcelona at the Raco del Pi. Would highly recommend this boutique hotel to anyone looking for a short stay in the city. It is superbly located - cannot think of a better location, certainly for a first visit to the city. Situated in the narrow lanes by the Ramblas, it is perfect for hopping on to the sight seeing buses - a real must - or strolling out to the shops, and, in the evening, soaking in the historic atmosphere of the squares, the street artists and the open air restaurants. The rooms are compact, but extremely well appointed. The whole hotel is absolutely spotless. The staff are courteous and very helpful. The breakfast is excellent. The internet facilities are free. The atmosphere and presentation of the place exudes polished, simple quality. And, by the way, the room air-conditioning was not only efficient, but unobtrusive - a rarity in my experience.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CheltenhamFlyer
<Content>Excellent small hotel We booked direct with the hotel in January 2006 via their website for a trip in May 2006. Booking was simple and straightforward. The price actually charged was exactly the price quoted in the email booking confirmation; note however that the price quoted is ex-VAT (7%) although to be fair this is clearly stated. The receptionist also went through the prices very carefully in arrival to make sure we were clear. The only slight niggle was an extra charge for a room safe (2 eruos per night) which was not mentioned anywhere.The hotel is very quiet which for the centre of the Barri Gotic is quite unexpected. However, our room opened on to the central open courtyard rather than the street - outside rooms may be noisier (but you don't go to central Barcelona for peace and solitude do you?) The hotel appears to have been recently refurbished and is a good mixtrue of of the old and modern in terms of architectecure. Brilliant location just down from the Plaza Catalunya and close to the cathedral. It is in the pedestrianised zone so taxi access may be a bit limited - we walked from the Plaza Catalunya where the Airport Bus deposited us (about 10 minutes) and no traffic to worry about.Staff were very friendly and helpful and spoke reasonable English (much better than our Spanish). Our room was an adequate size for two and was spotlessly clean. Internet access is free. There were no tea-making facilties in the room (although there were some self-heating drinks but there was an additional charge for these. However, there is a little bar with self-service tea and coffee (and croissants, rolls and cakes) at no extra charge, and these could be taken up to cool sitting area in a pleasant courtyard on the first floor. I guess this would be nice and cool in summer.Breakfast was excellent and well worth 14 euros extra each (50% discount on the first morning) - huge choice of fruits, cold meats, cheeses, crudites, cereals, cooked bacon and egg etc.The age-range of the clients was wide, a couple of children aged about 10 through to retired couples, and were mostly English, Dutch and American, so far as I could judge  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rosemary07
<Content>Thoroughly recommend this hotel Stayed for 5 nights at the H10 Raco del Pi, 27 April - 2 May. Previously asked for 'a quiet room on the 2nd or 3rd floor' and got one - room 207 at the back of the hotel. Size OK by European city standards. Spotlessly clean, good bathroom facilities. Room safe, 2 euros a day. No view - overlooked a wall - but not overlooked by anyone. Air conditioning worked fine, at night we could close the window and there was no noise at all. Really quiet for the centre of a major city. If you want a better view, the rooms at the front overlooked the Carrer del Pi, lovely pedestrian street with lots of little shops. These would have had a more attractive outlook but you would have got quite a lot of 'people noise'. Depends what you want, we wanted quiet and got it. Probably best to specify the room location when you book. Other reviewers have mentioned hearing people walking on the hard floors - I have to say we heard virtually no noise of this type. Just one thing - the bed (double) was very hard. We got used to it after the first night.As for the rest of the hotel - friendly efficient welcome including glass of cava. Excellent breakfast - discount rate of 7 euros for first day, thereafter 14 euros. We didn't have breakfast there every day. Coffee/croissants available in the bar area at all hours after breakfast, also apples. Computer in bar area for free internet access. Locked luggage room.Location - we found it very convenient. Ramblas/Liceu metro about 2 minutes walk. Plaza de Catalunya (aerobus to airport) about 5 minutes walk. Gothic quarter was lovely by day, not so attractive at night when shop fronts are covered by metal grilles with graffiti. It felt safe at all times if you stuck to the wider streets, though we weren't out late at night. Took the usual precautions but no problems with pickpockets etc. at any time, didn't see anyone else having problems either. Taller de Tapas just round the corner was a good place to eat. Also liked Trobador in C/ Ferran at the Plaza St Jaume end.We bought the Barcelona Card, ideal for a stay of 5 days, free transport (used the metro) and discount on all admissions. Buy it in advance online, it's cheaper, and pick it up from the tourist office at the airport or the Plaza de Catalunya. For a shorter stay (say 2 days) Bus Turistic would be better. Highlights for us were the Casa Batllo, Sagrada Familia  Palau de la Musica Catalunya. Also had time for a train trip to Montserrat which was lovely, especially if you are prepared to escape the crowds round the monastery and head for the footpaths.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad but a couple of niggles Booked on the basis of reviews here however did not quite live up to the expectations I had after the reviews here. The location is good if a bit difficult to find at first through some lanes, it is a good base. 5-10 minute walk from la rambla, close to gothic quarter shops and restaurants in immediate vicinity. Room was a bit on the small side but clean. TV reception not great but worst of all hoovering at 8 am in the room above - or at least thats what it sounded like. Free water and pastries plus cava on arrival, also free internet, staff friendly and helpful, extra charge for safe. They also left a note with some chocolates on my partners birthday which was a nice touch. On enquiring about extending our stay I thought it was rather expensive at 220 euros per night, so we went somewhere else for the remainder of our stay.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dinkey
<Content>excellent location my wife and i returned to barcelona in january this year and stayed at this hotel for the first time.location is execllent ,staff very friendly,rooms small but very clean and comfortable and all that you need really as we didn't spend much time in it.would go back again  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you must go to h10 raco del pi! we have just retured from a long weekend at the h10 Raco Del Pi, barcelona. i chose this hotel because of its location (which is perfect to get around to the sights from) i checked it on trip advisor before we went and was very pleased, it had so many good reviews and would agree with everything people said in their reviews. i was slightly concerned about having a room on the fourth floor and facing the street as these are what some people werent pleased with.we had a good room on the 3rd floor (308) which was very spacious and clean.the staff are fantastic- very helpful and friendly.we went on the bus turistic to get to all the far away sights which was good, although i wouldnt recommend it on a 'fiesta' (we were there on la diada de sant jordi 23rd april like our valentines day) it is very busy!!!overall this hotel is worth more than its 3* i enjoyed every minute of my trip to barcelona and will be returning to the h10 raco del pi, barcelona again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rebbecca
<Content>agree with previous re bedrooms I agree with the previous review- the bedrooms let the hotel down - there is obviously a variety of bedrooms. Our first bedroom was on the fourth floor at the back with a view of the inner courtyard - would have been fine if the room had not been so hot.Complained and told that this room did not have air-conditioning - moved to the room previously described with floor level windows and air-conditioning.Otherwise the hotel was excellent including the breakfast and location.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointing rooms We booked the raco del pi mainly because of the good reviews here and elsewhere. However, reality did not match up to expectation in some aspects.Yes the location was excellent, yes the hotel was clean, and the glass of cava on arrival was appreciated (but was this just a diversion?).We too were given a 'cell type room'(two grilled tiny windows at floor level and a skylight - 4th floor beware!).My husband therefore asked politely if there were any other rooms available with a window. This was received with a 'humph and a shrug' with the reply that a room would be available after 2pm. This was not a problem as we did not really expect to be allocated a room before this time. We had arrived about 12 o'clock and really just expected to drop off our luggage.We therefore set off to explore and returned to settle in the new room. The second room no.108 was much smaller with a tiny shower room (no bath), but yes it did have a window- looking onto a wall 4 feet away! Gave up at this point! All in all a little disappointing given some of the rave reviews. However we had a good holiday despite the accommodation.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Infantraveller
<Content>An integral part of our great holiday I just arrived from a great though all-too-brief family holiday in Barcelona with my husband and our only son. This is an excellent hotel, with friendly staff, the perfect location and yes, Taller de Tapas closeby, which has an equally good atmosphere and staff. The big bonus for my little boy was the ice cream shop (Carte d'Or) just around the corner, on the square. The location is really faultless, walking distance to so many important sites, including the Cathedral and of course La Rambla. The hotel put us in a quiet triple room where we felt snug and safe. The receptionists/concierge were very friendly and professional -- always willing to help.Breakfasts are good too, and optional.And with a complimentary glass of champagne, what a nice way to start a holiday! We would visit Barcelona again if only to stay in this friendly pocket of the city.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Offpiste
<Content>Perfectly Convenient We stayed here the last week of March and had a great time mainly due to its location and convenience to all centrally located activities. We were originally hestitant because of a previous review stating that a sex shop was near the premises. We decided to take our chances and were pleasantly surprised. The shop in question was simply a lingerie shop which sold sexual paraphernalia. We had a quite room facing the central open atrium not one facing the pedestrian areas...we heard it could be loud at times especially w/ a 2-1/2 year old. If you decide you want a similar quite room request one on the 2nd or 3rd floors. The window level of these floors would be well above the atrium floor and would allow you to leave the window open w/o any concerns. They also have quite rooms facing the back of the hotel which also could be a benefit. The hotel could use some carpet or other sound dampening materials because you will hear people walking on the hard floors at all hours.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Halinag
<Content>Welcoming and spotless Just returned from a 2nd visit to Barcelona and would highly recommend the Raco Del Pi Hotel. I am very fussy about Hotels and normally only ever stay 4* or 5*. We had this hotel recommended to us and were delighted with it. Spotless in every area and simple modern design making it a fantastic choice. Location is excellent. Breakfast was included and it was perfect to set you up for the day. Lots of choice and good service. Staff very friendly on reception and made you feel very welcome. Cava on arrival was nice too!! Definately would choose Raco Del Pi next time. Taller de Tapas well worth a visit and is just around the corner, geat food, atmosphere and really friendly staff.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>exceptional in many ways we've booked this hotel because of the phantastic location, the reviews we found here, and the price. At 99 euro. Breakfast was not included and was fairly expensive, so we didn't book it. So, when we checked in, they offered Breakfast for half price (7euro per person) - which was really worth it. It included everything we needed, excellent coffee or tea, cereals, bread, fresh fruit, plus eggs and bacon - some of the best i've ever had - and more.The hotel is very clean, we had a room on second floor (#104), which featured two windows and a little balcony to the pedestrian area. the furniture is modern, nice, warm, the ceiling with its thick wooden beams is very high (5 meters?) and astonishingly we couldn't find any spiderwebs as we would've expected :-)there is free internet access on a single computer (a mac, if i remember correctly).the location is just perfect for Barcelona. It's a one minute stroll to the cathedral, or two minutes to the Opera House, which is right there on the Ramblas. Almost directly in front of the hotel is the Church Maria del Pi, where concerts are given (no, they didn't keep us awake at night), and there's a few bars and one of the best tapas-restaurants of the city right at the corner (the one which looks worst from the outside, right where small, dark alleys start. Avoid the touristy looking ones with lots of beer commercials). Walking from the Bus Station (Estacio Nord) to the Hotel took us 20 Minutes, but you can also take the sub and cut this time in half (at least).The Hotel is situated in a pedestrian area, which gets cleaned late at night, maybe also early in the morning. they use motorized vehicles for that, but we didn't have any problems with noise. So, between 11pm and 8am we slept like happy babies.I've read reviews which stated, it's a dangerous area, and a sexshop nearby and so on. Yes, there is a shop called Sexy Shop four or five doors down the road, but to me it didn't look anything more dangereous or suspicious as your average McDonalds-hangout (actually, i cant remember having seen anybody near that shop at all). Barcelona in itself is a difficult city when it comes to street crime. You absolutely have to watch your purse. There are pickpockets everywhere and organized gangs using small children to get what they need. But this is a problem for Barcelona in itself, not for a specific hotel in this extremely beautiful city. So, my conclusion: i've been to Barcelona several times before, stayed in Hotels which were three or four times as expensive, and with the exception of the Arts (which is absolutely breathtaking) none was better than this one. I'd come back here, for sure.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time at Raco Del Pi We booked this hotel for a two night midweek break.Raco Del Pi was ideally located do all the things suggested in the guidebooks. We chose not to eat in the hotel due to the assortment of restaurants and cafe/bars nearby.A very clean hotel right in the heart of this great city. It was a little noisy but for us this was all part of the experience and atmosphere. Sagrada Familia and Casa Batllo are must sees. Relax for an hour or two in Parc Guell and take in the views of the city. Try the Tapas in Taller De Tapas, just a minute's stroll away in Sant Josep Oriol! Loads of great chocolate shops. Come on guys miss the football and treat your partner to a great short break.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MerryMom
<Content>An Outstanding Location This hotel, tucked into a street just off of Los Ramblas, was a highlight of our trip. We were in Barcelona for almost a week before boarding our ship, and the ambiance of this (almost cozy) hotel was a treasure. The breakfast was perfect to send us out for a day of sight seeing, and there was coffee or tea and possibly some pastries when we returned. Our room was in the back which was on a somewhat noisy street, but it quieted down after 9:00 pm. There is character to this hotel, and it was immaculate to boot. I've recommended it highly to anyone who says they're going to this great city, and we intend to return at another time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gofar
<Content>Excellent break A very good base to explore Barcelona.Easily found and within walking distance to all tourist areas.Try the 'Taller De Tapas'for excellent tapas or visit Vildsvin L'Antiga Taverna for a more formal evening meal,both are walking distance from the hotel.Very friendly staff (day and night) ask them any questions and they are happy to assist.Clean and functional rooms.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>emmalm
<Content>Great Location The best thing going for the Hotel Raco del Pi is the location. Its perfect for getting to the metro or wandering around the Barri Gotic (Gothic Quarter), there are a couple of pretty squares just around the corner.The hotel is one step up from a travelodge type place, the staff are very helpful and friendly and you are offered a glass of free cava to get you in the holiday mood on arrival. The rooms are not a bad size and are clean. We were a little disappointed as we only had a small slit of a window and two roof top portholes, which meant we didn't have a view (Room 403). As we didn't have a big window to open it got incredibly hot and stuffy in there at night. All in all although it was a great location, I might be tempted to try another hotel in a similar area.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarah-Martin
<Content>Clean central but not especially comfortable Very central just between the Ramblas and the cathedral. Clearly new (5 years or so) and modern, i.e. glass/chrome/wood rather than chintz. Clean. Beds basic and pillows a choice of square or long foam pillows (they claim an a la carte choice, but it is about as a la carte as a choice bewteen penne and fusilli - they are both just plain pasta).We had a room on the front and couldn't get the aircon to work. Stuffy unless we opened the window (french door) but then incredibly noisy just about all night.Breakfast buffet wide choice but quality wasn't great and at 14 euros not cheap, though there was a first day discount of 50%.No room to swing a cat downstairs - certainly not a decent lounge.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ramchalice
<Content>An Adequate Hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad we booked this hotel My wife and I stayed at the Raco DEl Pi from the 1st February 06 for 5 nights. Booked through Expedia (make sure your breakfast is included in price) all our arrangements went smoothly except the taxi driver we used from the bus station had to drop us in La Ramblas as he said he was not allowed in the area around the hotel. This meant dragging our cases 250m through the narrow streets in the late evening. Taxis are allowed in to the area and we booked them through reception on our departure. Could not fault the hotel staff or great breakfast. Room was ok if a little basic. Our room was at the front overlooking the pedestrianised street. Noise was not a problem for me but my wife said there was some noise at night. Area was great for shops and dining out. Nearest tube was in La Ramblas about 200m away. Do buy a Barcelona Card for travel around Barcelona. We bought ours on the internet and then collected it from the TIC in Cataluna Square, 250m from the hotel. One word of warning. Watch out for pickpockets. My wife was targetted at the north bus station after arriving from Girona airport. Luckily she realised what was going on and only lost a pair of glasses.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alamosf
<Content>nice hotel, sketchy location Stayed at the Raco del Pi for six nights in December and while I thought the hotel itself was very well-managed (spotless rooms and responsive staff) and the amenities, especially the free in-room internet hookup since I'd brought my laptop, were excellent, I agree with a previous post which mentioned that the hotel's location leaves much to be desired. While the hotel is right smack in the center of the action, especially for the daily evening 'paseo' (the stroll that most Europeans take at dusk), I would prefer to join this daily ritual at will and not be subjected to injecting myself into a mass of people each time I leave the hotel. I consider myself a somewhat experienced traveler, having been all over Asia and Europe doing the 'backpacker' thing, and now that I'm perhaps a little older and a bit more cautious, I would have preferred something a bit more quiet and further away from the 'action'. Yes, there is a sex shop next door and many tacky shops in the immediate vicinity. If ever I do go back to Barcelona, I'd choose to stay in the adjacent Eixample neighborhood which has wide boulevards and a reasonable amount of commercial activity and establishments (banks, restaurants, shops), enough to reassure visitors of 'being' in Barcelona without having to deal with the tackier side of it all. And don't worry - the Barri Gotic is just an interesting 10-minute walk away.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sklo2004
<Content>Nice clean rooms, great location, impeccable service, and delicious breakfast! You really cannot find a hotel that is more centrally located than H10 Raco del Pi. It is 2 blocks away from Las Ramblas, right in the middle of Barri Gotic's excitement. There are countless shops (from antique, clothing, art, to accessories), restaurants, cafes, and beautiful landmarks within 50 footsteps. If you are looking for a real taste of Gothic Quarters energy and spirit, this is the ideal place to stay. It's a very exciting and active location. If you can, ask for a window that oversees the Gothic Quarters. It may be loud (so don't do that if you want peace and quiet), but it allows you to soak in the environment.The room itself is clean and spacious. Furnishing is modern and simple- not elegant but is comfortable. The front desk staff is so consistenly friendly and helpful. The free daily breakfast buffet was delicious. It wasn't just continental, they served sausages, eggs, fresh fruits, muffins, cheese plates and cure meat plates. I thought it was refreshing to have normal sausage and eggs again after 10 days of jamon iberica everywhere I went for breakfast. Coffee, tea and snack service is complimentary all day until 8pm. And even better, you get free Internet access too, although there is only one computer to serve the 20+ rooms of guests.I stayed in 2 different hotels while in Barcelona just to try out different areas. Avenida Palace, the other hotel I stayed at, although more opulent and elegant in decor, cannot compare to H10's service and location.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ali_Stanley
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Location We stayed at the Raco de Pi for 2 nights at the end of Jan 06 and had a super time. We booked due to reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The Raco de Pi is ideally located for Le Ramblas and for shopping! Rooms are spacious and clean and breakfast exceeded our expectations with a great selection. The Cava on arrival and free supply of coffee and pastries in the bar only adds to how super this hotel is. Only word of warning is finding it! We drove from Reus airport and had arranged that we could park nearby but when we called the receptionist wasn't able to give us clear directions. The hotel has an arrangement with the car park at the Cathedral just off of Via Laietana, which is quite straight forward to find.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uskim
<Content>Scary Location For my standard, I was scared to stay in this hotel. Las Ramblas is the tourist hangout place and is not elegant or pretty at night. This hotel is away from the main street and is located next to a s-- shop. No matter how great the service is,as far as I am concern in terms of location, I don't consider this as the best. There are plenty of great hotels in the better area. We ended up changing our hotel to Hotel Majestic. Yes. That was beautiful and elegant. I don't believe that all the previews are objective reviews.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FAB - SHOULD BE CLASSED AS FOUR STAR! Perfect location for the centre of Barcelona, within minutes walking distance of Las Ramblas, very clean  modern hotel providing everything you need, the toiletries selection is amazing...even included shaving kit  toothbrush! Complimentary cava on arrival, pastries, water  coffee available all day. Staff very friendly  helpful. Never tried breakfast, but heard it was good  very reasonable, fantastic croissant shop straight opposite if you do not want breakfast in the hotel. If you are taking a taxi, get the driver to drop you off on Las Ramblas opposite the Liceu theatre, it is only minutes away from there. Cheap bar turn left out of the hotel, left at the end  then first right....only 鈧?.45 a bottle of Estrella Damm (about 拢1!)Highly highly recommended...told all my friends about it  will stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mark235
<Content>Could not find better location I stayed in H10 Raco Del Pi between January 14 and 16. Great hotel. I have never been before to Barcelona and choose this hotel because of the previous review on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed. The location is exceptional, about 1 minute walk from the Gothic Cathedral and 1 minute walk from Las Remblas. Despite the proximity of Las Remblas, the location is very safe (I walked in the Gothic quarter at around 1:30 a.m. and never felt threatened). Staff is helpful, though contrary to other review I was not welcomed with Cava.I did not pay 14 euros for the breakfast and found out that it was a good idea. There are plenty of cafes around the hotel where you can get breakfast for between 2 euros and 5 euros; for instance, on plaza del pi, just across the hotel, I got for 3.8 eurosa glass of freshly-pressed orange juice, a chocolate croissant and a milk coffee.Rooms are well-furnished and very clean. However, do not expect your room to have a great view, since the hotel is in a side street in the gothic quarter. The rooms with the best view are the ones located on the face of the street; all other rooms face walls of adjacent buildings. But this is really the only small disagreement one can find in this hotel.Finally, on an unrelated note, please be aware that some restaurants use their on conversion rates when you pay your meal with foreign credit cards. This happened to me in a restaurant just across the Sagrada Familia. I paid with a Canadian card and on my receipt there was a note specifying that I had accepted not to get Mastercard international conversion rate (2.5%) but rather the restaurant conversion rate (12% !!!). I was alone and did not spend much, but still it was an unpleasant surprise.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kjackson25
<Content>you cant go wrong, great hotel fantastic hotel, no complaints, very clean and smart. You get cava on arrival and a warm greeeting. Our room was not a large as some hotel rooms but it was very clean, smart and a lovely bathroom with lots of complimentary toiletries. Bed was hard but that was ideal for me, just to warn people who dont like hard beds.There is a little area downstairs which have self service coffee and pastries, this was great as after a long walk we would go to the hotel rather than a coffee shop for coffee, great coffee to. The internet corner is also very helpful.The location is perfect, about two minutes from the ramblas and cathedral, we walked everywhere. We took a bus from right outside the airport (3.60 euro single) which took us to Catalunya plaza and it was a 5 to 10 minute walk to the hotel if you dont want to cab, its also easy to find.We didnt have the breakfast so cant comment on food, but there are lots of little cafes nearby where we took breakfast.The place is fab, great location, great staff, great price.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed at the H10 in late November - this is a fabulous hotel! We discoved it via tripadvisor and all of the reviews are true! Great location - walking distance to basically everything and we loved being in the old, gothic quarters. Rooms were very modern and looked recently refurbished - good sized and very clean too. The hotel reminded us of something similar to the W chain of hotels in the US. Staff speak excellent english and are very courteous and helpful. Upon arrival (well in advance of the check-in time), they offered us Kava (champagne-like drink), locked up our luggage, showed us a very clean restroom to refreshen in. There is also coffe, water and croissants available basically all day. Thoroughly enjoyed this hotel - in fact, we are returning in Sept 2006 with family!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doownelg
<Content>Fab hotel highly recommend Just returned from a 4day stay at H10 Raco Del Pi What a fabulous hotel greeted by the very friendly and helpful Roberto with a glass of champagne even though we were early our room was still ready and we were able to book in, excellent rooms with lots of extras not just your usual toiletries but toothbrush toothpaste sewing kit shoepolish etc. comfortable big bed and lovely bathroom all spotless done twice a day.Staff very very friendly and helpful nothing was to much bother from recommending the best atm to withdraw money to getting restaurants and taxis. Breakfast was plentiful with hot and cold selections fruit cakes even Champagne! Their was pastries and drinks available all day for guests at no extra charge great when you came in after a day of walking.This hotel is right in the middle of everything and quite safe to walk back to at night. Deserves more than a 3 star rating Will definetly be back.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelscrapper
<Content>Nice location We arrived late at night from a Ryan Air flight. Ryan air has a round trip bus service to downtown Barcelona from the Girona airport - very easy to use and costs 19 Euro for round trip per person. Bus station is a 5 Euro taxi ride to the hotel. Even though we arrived late, we were greeted very warmly. Hotel staff served champaign and fruit, showed us to our room and gave us directions to several good restaurants. Hotel was clean and they gave us a half priced breakfast the first day. The only negative thing, and it wasn't the hotel's fault, was it was really noisy. Lot's of street noise - you can hear everything; people talking, construction (someone jackhammering at 6 a.m.???!!!) Definitely request a room away from the street.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>avery99
<Content>Loved the H10 Raco del Pi My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of our trip and one more night at the end. We loved everything about the hotel. Our only complaint was that the bed was a little hard but by the time we went to sleep at night, we really didn't care much about it. The location can't be beat, the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms were small but clean and the bathrooms were of a decent size. There is free internet access which we found to be invaluable. Also, they give you free water, coffee, tea, and snacks which were small pastries downstairs in the bar area. They offer a breakfast for 7E each but we preferred to go out and get our own breakfast for less money. I would definately stay at this hotel again and found that the price was worth it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lynnanita
<Content>Loved the H10 Raco Del Pi My husband and I stayed here for 5 days in November and were really pleased with it. We chose this hotel from other reviews that had been posted and were not disappointed.Location was excellent, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the room was very good, clean and very quiet. Room cleaned and towels changed every day if required. The breakfasts were very good with something for everyone and you were free to eat as much or as little as you wanted.The free coffee, tea, water and pastries were a very nice touch and much appreciated after being out for most of the day.We had a lovely time in Barcelona, even the day it rained - thank goodness for the men running around selling umbrellas!!Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel punches well above its 3 star weight We stayed in this hotel for 3 superb days early in november. Our budget stopped us booking a 5 star hotel (as usual!) but this one looked really nice from the picture and cost us 拢70 a night. On arrival we were greated by a very friendly spanish guy who offered us a glass of Cava before showing us to our room. All the staff were spanish but spoke better english than i do and were friendly in the extreme, was even happy to spend ages on the phone trying to make a reservation at a reasturant.The hotel has a stunning location. Its about half way down on the east side of the ramblas off Placa Del Pi which is a very charming part of the bari gotic which has many fantastic bars and street cafes that are a less commercial that the ones on the ramblas and much nicer! It is right on the edge of the shopping streets heading up towards the placa Catalunya so great for shopping. The train from the airport drops off in placa catalunya which leaves only a 5 min walk to the hotel. The location couldnt be better, not to much of the commercial stuff but perfected located to explore the whole city.The rooms were plenty big enough very nicely decorated and had a massive bathroom. There was no street noise but we heard a little from the corridors and next door but nothing to worry about.For the guys Cannel+ shows football on TV all day on the digital TVs in the rooms!! Nice for a little siesta!Love this hotel, will go back for sure!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a terrific hotel! Stayed here for 3 nights from 31st Oct. 2005. Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor before we went we were expecting a good hotel but it was even more than we could have hoped for. Location is outstanding. It is a few hundreds yards from Las Ramblas in the Barrio Gothica, and yet the street is extremely quiet at night. Some of the narrow, quieter streets can be somewhat intimidating and look at bit dodgy after 10pm but Del Pi is well lit and safe, with a beautiful square of the same name.It is very easy to get to from the airport by train to the Sants-Estacio and from here you can switch to the Metro Green line heading for Canyelles. This will bring you to Liceu metro station which is 2 minutes walk from the hotel.You will be greeted with your complimentary glass of champagne while being checked in by the very efficient, pleasant and helpful staff. Rooms were spotless and very comfortable with a modern bathroom and a huge range of toiletries. There is definitely no need for a bigger room in Barcelona as you are out and about so much. Breakfast was a feast. As well as a huge selection of juices, fresh fruit, meats, cheese, fresh rolls, croissants, bacon, sausages and scrambled eggs, you could have baked cheesecake, chocolate fudge cake, apple tart and a range of other cakes catering for your sweet tooth!! Cakes and croissants were available free throughout the rest of the day, as was tea and coffee. (This may explain why scales were provided in the bathroom!)The glass of champagne as we were checking out was just a perfect end to our trip. This hotel is a little gem, in a street with a lot of character. We will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Hotel Stayed at this hotel for a week in the last week of august 2005. The weather was hot outside but not unbearable, and I am from canada. the room was good, cleaned daily, however after 1 week was starting to feel a little small (which I am sure isnot unusual as the room was small to begin with!), Mater of factly it made us want to go out and explore even more (which is good). We walked everywhere, no problems. GREAT LOCATION. If you take the airport bus to Placa Catalunya just head south on Porta L'Angel for 5mins and you are there. Piece of cake!man, Barcelona is an awesome city...  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location, lovely hotel!!! We stayed in this hotel for three nights in October. The location was superb - just a few minutes walk from las Ramblas, a 20 minute walk from the train station. The hotel was on a quiet street so we were still able to have a peaceful nights sleep every night. The breakfast was like a banquet and staff could not have been more helpful. The rooms were lovely and spotlessly clean. Would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Monkey_Nutz
<Content>Family friendly....Yes       Bed  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>grish38
<Content>fairly expensive, but probably worth it Stayed here for 3 nights in Sept. 2005. Location is outstanding, in the Barrio Gothica, and quiet at night. Reasonable walk from Placa Catalunya if you do not get there by cab and don't have xs luggage, though I'd use a local map to find. The room was small but nicely appointed, with fine bathroom and tub/shower. Problem with water main break 1 night, but they said it would be fixed in 2 hours, and waddya know, it was true. Breakfast expensive, and found that alternatives in the neighborhood did not open very early, so we stocked up on goodies the night before. Overall, the room quality and location were fine, the personnel at the front desk friendly and helpful. A bit expensive, but location saved a lot of walking and travel time.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect position Del pi Hotel was in a super position and although pricey was well worth it.We could walk to most of the attractions and because it was so central we could pop in to drop things off on our way past.We were bed only but there were severl little cafes near by for breakfast.I believe there are some better deals if you book early which includes breakfast but at 14 euros extra we thought it was rather high as in the cafes near by we paid around 4-6 euros for 2.Our room was quite small but clean and we had a large bathroom. The room had its own balcony but there were no chairs to sit on and furniture in the room was sparse it looked into the neighbouring buildings rooms.That said because it was so central it was to be expected. The staff very friendly and helpful.My one complaint would be that somehow my pyjamas went missing and inspite of many phone calls were never found.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emily_Lemon
<Content>Absolutely fantastic hotel. Fantastic location. You can take the extremely reasonably priced airport shuttle bus to Placa de Catalunya in Barcelona centre then walk with your luggage straight down the street to the hotel. About a 10 - 15 minute leisurely walk along a main shopping street. You're perfectly placed for getting around at this hotel.There's also a few bars and eating places close to hand so the streets are quite busy after dark making you feel that little bit safer.The hotel is as pleasant as everyone has said here. The staff are friendly and helpful. The breakfast standard  selection is way ahead of most of the hotels I've stayed in.Beautiful, big, spacious bathroom with lots of little guest accessories which was a nice touch.I had a single room which wasn't much bigger than the bathroom, to be honest, but after a day and night on your feet sightseeing, all I wanted to do was lie down and sleep anyway! There is a locked luggage room.I'd DEFINITELY stay here again and would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place My wife and I stayed here for a night before going on a cruise. The staff (particularly Ana and Roberto) was polite and helpful. This hotel is in a great location near shopping and Las Ramblas. It was also very clean and comfortable. Breakfast was excellent. I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>loulan
<Content>Great Location to Barri Gotic, Cathedral and Las Ramblas       Las Ramblas  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location in a tourist hot spot The H10 hotel Raco del pi is ideally located for those who want to be in the center of barcelona's tourist area, la ramblas. While the rooms are just average for the price the hotel's main asset is the free food and drinks that are available to all guests. The friendly hotel staff provide you with a large breakfast and snacks throughout the day as well as champagne upon arrival. The only downside was that the non-smoking rooms smelled smoky at times when other guests were smoking. Other than that the hotel staff was helpful, the rooms quiet and clean and all amenities such as free internet and printing included. If you are going to Barcelona this summer, stay here.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice for a Barcelona stay Stayed at Raco del Pi last week , and missing it already! Perfect location at the top of the Barri Gotic, close to sights, food, transport, pretty much everything.Staff were friendly and very helpful, rooms very clean  well laid out. Good service all round.Would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel was excellent. The free champagne at check-in. The room. The breakfast. The mineral water and soft drinks and peanuts at the outdoor patio. One thing that I did appreciate was the written safety material provided at check-in. The woman at the check-in desk made a point of saying, It is unfortunate that we have a problem with theft here in Barcelona. Here is some written material about safety precautions. Please read it. I had never had someone say that and, quite frankly, it spooked me a little bit. I did, however, read the material when I got to my room. Mostly common sense suggestions, though my sensitivity was heigntened. One thing that was emphasized was the fact that theft was partuicularly rampant near the central railway station.I broke-up my trip in Barcelona with a few days in Palma. When I returned from the airport to the central railway station, I noticed a few guys who seemed shady. The pushed their way between me and my wife on the escalator up to the street and when I got to the top the guy in front of me bent over as though he had dropped something to block my way. The two guys behind me were about to press up against me to pick my pockets, no doubt. I immediately realized what was going on so I dropped my shoulder and reverted back to the offensive lineman on my high school football team and I barrelled-over the guy who was attempting to block my way. I managed to hold onto my bags and I let out quite a few obcenities--in English--to the puzzled guys who feigned surprise. They got nothing.Interesting to note that two English girls sitting at an adjacent table at an outdoor cafe were approached by a nice young man and after he left one girl's wallet was gone. Be careful in Barcelona. Theft is rampant! You might want to consider having a decoy wallet: an old wallet filled with expired credit cards and a wad of worthless cash (e.g., 100,000 old Romanian lei or Bulgarian leva). If someone goes for your wallet they will get the decoy wallet and promptly walk away to examine their (worthless) booty. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>donkey45
<Content>Perfect balance of cost and convenience GREAT location, would stay there again in a heartbeat and from our perspective would strongly prefer it to other areas. We鈥檇 consider it THE place to stay (the Barri Gotic, that is.) We were on the first floor so a little loud in the AM (streets start getting cleaned about 6AM.) AC struggled too but again, not unbearable. VERY helpful staff. Breakfast was great but overpriced 鈥?cheaper options abound just outside the door, along with shopping, the cathedral, restaurants, Las Ramblas 鈥?did I mention it was a good location? Very, very good deal for the money if you want to be in the middle of it all.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ShowMeState
<Content>Great Stay at H10 Raco Del Pi Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Raco Del Pi. The hotel room, staff, and location was great. I was a little nervous before arrival about staying close to Las Ramblas, but, the hotel location is perfect. It is close enough to the hub of Barcelona, but, it is located on a side street that is quiet at night.The hotel staff members went out of their way to assist us with directions. They were the most professional of the three other hotels we stayed in on this trip.Be aware that taxis are not allowed on the street where the hotel is situated. They have to drop you off at the entrance of the street. The hotel is just a short walk, but, it can be a little disconcerting when the taxi driver tells you to get out.I highly recommend this hotel and Barcelona. The shopping and the architecture in Barcelolna was great. It was also quite a bargain compared to prices in Brussels and Paris which were our next two stops.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab location We researched quite a bit on which area of Barcelona we wanted to stay in. We wanted a hotel that was in easy reach of La Rambla, the beach, and the nightlife. The Raco Del Pi was perfect for location. We were surrounded by so many clothes and shoe shops (much to by husbands horror) and there was plenty of small spanish bars around to have a drink in. The area seemed to be buzzing all day (especially on saturday). The 1st room that we were given was small, so we moved to room 208 which was a much better size. That was the only down side to the hotel. The rooms are very clean and newly decorated. When you arrive you get a glass of Cava which is a nice touch. In the bar you can have tea, coffee, water,croissants  pain au chocolate which are free for the duration of your stay, this saved us on buying breakfast every day. There is also a computer which has free internet access - great for checking out the weather on. We will definetely stay at the H10 Raco Del Pi again when we go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lunatech
<Content>Everything was perfect We arrived early, 11AM, and they happily held our bags in a secure area until check in.The hotel was easy to find and we felt the location, about half way up on the Ramblas and tucked a street or two over, was perfect.The room size was ample and the free Internet worked perfectly. Tastefully appointed room with wood floors, and I appreciate the hotel chain's environmental philosophy.We stayed in room 401 which overlooks an interior courtyard which helped keep the exterior noise to virtual silence.If we're ever in Barcelona again this will be our hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, excellent staff and wonderful city The website I booked this hotel stay with was hotel connect who rated it as 3 star plus. Based on that and what we payed this hotel was excellent and exceeded my expectations, the staff welcomed us with a glass of Cava and some great information, the room was great [no view but THEN this is a city centre hotel so what do you expect!], bathroom was nice [typical short and deep bath found in European Hotels], breakfast was a very good selection and the hotel in general was great.The location is perfect not too dodgy but not too far away from the action, also the hotel staff were very friendly and helped us with directions and advice on avoiding dodgy parts of the city.I'd probably say that it deserves a 4 star rating.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ukresident100
<Content>Great hotel and location This was my second visit to Barcelona and the location of this hotel was perfect. All the staff were wonderful, we were welcomed with Cava and nibbles as well as tea, coffee, water and pastries. The rooms were great and the dining room was cosy. We caught a bus from the airport and walked 5 mins across a pedestrian area to the right of Dali's museum and found the hotel easily near a highlighted chemist shop.All of the staff were so polite and helpful. We would definately return to this hotel its a little gem!  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stevenghav
<Content>Location, location, location!         
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rdcocker
<Content>Not all it seems When my fiance and I first got to the hotel we were greeted with complementary glasses of sparkling wine. This was just what we needed after an arduous journey from girona airport some 40 miles north of Barcelona. After this, we were shown to our room by the porter who carried our luggage and left us to examine our surroundings. The room was of a contemporary style with a laminate wooden floor and brand-new furniture, and everything was spotless. We were suitably impressed!! The main problem we had however, was that because we were staying on the top floor our window was at floor level and was tiny. On closer inspection there was a thick concrete grid infront of the window, doubtless to prevent hapless toddlers from tumbling to an unpleasant and certain death below. This gave a distinct claustrophobic feeling to the room and in daytime hours the room was virtually pitch-black!! The bathroom was equally contemporary; quite basic but tastefully decorated. However, if you like taking a bath instead of a shower, you will have a problem.... unless you happen to be 3 feet tall!The breakfast service is very good. I have to admit that of all the BBs I have been to, this is one of the best. The dining room is very comfortable and modern, and the choice of food is good. You can get your full English (except for the sausages which are never as good abroad), continental, cereals and a whole host of fruit. The quality of the food is good as well. Often, otherwise decent BBs really let themselves down by serving up stale bread buns and rock-hard croissants. The food here seems very fresh indeed. Another good point is that breakfast is served till about 10.30, much later than most.The location is what I was primarily interested in when I booked this hotel. Its located on a little side-street just off the infamous Las Ramblas, which is extremely popular with Barcelona tourists. The hotel is nearer the north end of Las Ramblas, further away from the harbour than other hotels I was considering. THIS WAS A VERY GOOD THING, because at around dusk, the nearer you progress towards the harbour, the more decidedly dodgey Las Ramblas and its side-streets become. I had heard this before I came here, but did not believe it......believe me...its true!!So far, so good! Why have I rated this hotel as just OK? No doubt our stay at the hotel was pleasant, and we had a great time in Barcelona. I rate this hotel as just 'OK' because their after-sale service was appalling!! I had the misfortune of leaving my wallet in a taxi from Raco Del Pi to the coach station. This was entirely my fault. I noticed this straight after being dropped off by the taxi, and called the hotel who had booked the taxi so that they may inform the driver. They fobbed me off and didn't even attempt to contact the driver. When I finally got back to the UK I called them again and they told me it was my fault (which I admit, it was) and they could not help. I emailed them again and again. They wouldn't even tell me which taxi company it was that they used (even though they knew which one it was). I know its unlikely I would ever have seen my wallet again, but their attitude stunk. Not only were they unhelpful, but they were positively rude. They'd got my money, so why should they care? This completely soured my feeling towards the company and I will not return to them.So, if you don't intend needing their services in the event of a minor crisis once you have parted with your hard earned cash, this is actually a rather good place to stay in Barcelona. But, be warned!! If you ever require anything which isn't obliged of them as a result of paying to stay in their hotel........you get the message!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>croakey
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great service Recently returned from short break, staying in the Raco del Pi. Location is brilliant; rooms, lobby, restaurant all spotlessly clean, everyone working at the hotel really friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Just be aware that if you get a room overlooking the street outside, the rubbish collection (that means the streets are also litter free) happens in the early hours of the morning so use that as an excuse to stay out even later than you'd planned - the area around the hotel seemed quite safe and trouble free, even very late.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location Booked Raco Del Pi based on recommendations from other travel adviser comments and we were not disappointed. Excellent quiet hotel, friendly staff, fantastic breakfast with so much choice, asked for bedroom overlooking central courtyard, well placed for Gothic Quarter, literally minutes from metro and Rambla. Plenty of bars and resturants close by. We got bus from airport to Placa de Catalunya then walked about 15 minutes half way down the Rambla, the hotel is placed in a quiet side alley. Went in mid January and got a good deal. Weather was quiet warm during the day but chilly of evening. Certainly go back again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nell59
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent Location After a lot of consideration and checking reviews of 3* hotels on this web site, we decided on the Raco del Pi. We were so pleased with our choice, this is a really good small friendly hotel with excellent staff and in an excellent location.Got a really good deal from last minute.com - 62 a night b/b. After reading some of the reviews we requested a large lower floor room with windows! we got a lovely large room on the second floor (202) with a large bathroom with a jaccuzi bath. However it did face the front and if you like to have a 'siesta' you may have trouble sleeping as a boutique across the road had music playing all day.But we did not find it noisy at night (maybe different in the summer months)unfortunately we picked the week Barcelona had freezing cold weather but we braved sitting on top of the tour bus taking in all the beauty of this city. Highlights for us were discovering all the narrow streets and squares of the gothic area and Parc Guell.Would definately stay at this Hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spotless, friendly  Thanks to this website and reviews we found the Hotel Raco Del Pi. We were not disappointed. The hotel is on a side street from La Ramblas in one of the nicer parts of the Barra Gothic. The hotel itself is spotless with modern decor and a great breakfast buffet. Rooms are spacious although a little dark but that would be my only criticism. The staff are friendly and very helpful. The hotel is a 5 min short walk from the Catalunya metro station and so transfering from the airport is easy. It is at the more expensive end of the market but I think it is worth paying the extra money. Some parts of the Gothic quarter (like other major cities) can be a bit dingy and have streets that I wouldn't want to walk down at night. This was not the case with the Raco del Pi the street is well lit, fairly busy with evening walkers and was well away from the (as the guide books puts it) dodgy end of town. Overall a great hotel, good value for money  great location. For a short break it's perfect.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Doc_Jon
<Content>Nice, but dark room We really liked this hotel. The location was excellent, near to La Rambla and all the sites of the Gothic quarter. The hotel itself was very clean and modern, the service was very good. The only disadvantage was our room (no. 105). It was quite small and only had 1 window which looked onto a brick wall. We could barely see the sky. As a consequence, there was not much natural light and so we had to have the lights on at all times. The facilities, however, were very good in the room. We particularly liked the radio built into the headboard. There was also a good range of digital channels. The minibar was reasonably priced, 1.75 euros for a bottle of water. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel, but if staying for more than one night, we would have asked for a different room.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ronfox18
<Content>Barcelona The hotel Raco del Pi in the Barri Gottic is well located but very overpriced for the accomodations offered. Our room had two windows, one faced a building about 10 feet away and the other faced a hotel roof and a hotel corridor. Consequently, the drapes had to be closed at all times. The rooms tend to be small and while modern and clean, are terribly spartan, lacking simple things like an easy chair, a radio, or even a phone book. A local phone call to a portable phone cost 7 Euros, the duration of the call, according to the hotel bill was 0H0. thanks, but no thanks.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the raco del pi We stayed at the Raco del Pi for 3 nights in a suprisingly cold spell in February. We liked it straight away. It is in the narrow lanes of the Gothic Quarter. The taxi couldn't get in to drop us off so we had a short walk from the Ramblas. A nice glasss of bubbly awaited us in reception, a nice touch. Everything is walkable and we felt we got the most out of our short stay by being in a central location. The hotel staff are friendly and the rooms are well appointed, very clean, modern and spacious. The hotel is very cosy compared to larger more gltzy places. Good value for money. We didn't eat in the restaurant because there is so much choice nearby. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This is a great hotel. Very central but down a side street so quiet  very peaceful inside. Glass of cava on arrival. Complimentary coffee  pastries during the day, very welcome after a day of sightseeing. Buffet style breakfast had lots of choice  was very good. Staff very helpful  friendly. Would definately go back to this hotel  would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1685099, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmjames
<Content>Shame about the showers   showReview(1660669, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(1638355, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, fantastic staff   showReview(1539812, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and competent staff   showReview(1537822, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good   showReview(1278279, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJMorange
<Content>Great Bargain   showReview(1258368, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(19648201, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel in pieno centro...   showReview(19733195, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel pour un week-end 脿 Barcelone   showReview(19648200, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Netter Service, gerne wieder   showReview(18532744, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zona centralissima a ridosso...   showReview(17115875, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y avons d茅j脿 s茅journ茅 et nous y reviendrons.   showReview(16603322, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Koenigin
<Content>Zentral, aber absolut ruhig!   showReview(15618075, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne base pour d茅couvrir Barcelone   showReview(15578518, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir (2 Frauen mittleren Alters...   showReview(16730731, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y reviendrons avec plaisir malgr茅s le peu de vue de notre chambre   showReview(15578517, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les + : H么tel id茅alement situ茅...   showReview(16728162, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Geheimtipp   showReview(14734150, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(14734149, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir haben hier 7 tage verbracht...   showReview(14227054, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres bien situ茅   showReview(13980824, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel. Emplacement...   showReview(13308027, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s appr茅ci茅   showReview(13203052, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>romanoderoma
<Content>ottimo scelta   showReview(12592137, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in posizione veramente...   showReview(11405147, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout 脿 fait ce que nous voulions   showReview(11661629, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>clakle
<Content>Haende weg von Einzelzimmer No. 406!   showReview(8126219, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	5	-1	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11398566, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione centrale in...   showReview(11405146, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(11389608, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage   showReview(11398565, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mit kleinen Anspr眉chen buchbar   showReview(11369135, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde wieder hier absteigen   showReview(11348266, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci tornerei senza pensarci due volte   showReview(11348265, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centralissimo e tranquillissimo   showReview(11348264, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation id茅ale dans Barcelone   showReview(11348263, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miss_sac
<Content>Parfait   showReview(5544563, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimale Lage   showReview(11330060, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅 et service...   showReview(11405148, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 posizionato...   showReview(11405149, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto tranquillo,servizi...   showReview(11405151, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il soggiorno 猫 stato molto...   showReview(11405153, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist zu empfehlen. Die...   showReview(11405154, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un Hotel excelente, que con los...   showReview(11405155, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

