<Author>HoustonTravelmaniac
<Content>Okay ...not that great..Not recommended Stayed in this hotel for two nights, and have some serious complaints about the hotel itself. Good things ....a small full-service restaurant (with a nice, inexpensive breakfast buffet) and a pool that looked (I didn't actually use it) very nice. There were some problems with cleanliness  Air conditioner.The front desk staff were not very friendly. Not overtly rude.One of them was nice ...who showed me the places around there,very knowledgable !The most significant downside to this hotel is its location Air condition.immediately upon chck in I found 5-7 dead flying insects lying on the floor...I was lucky enough to get change of room upon request ! As hotel was only occupied one floor out of 12 ! When I visited Dallas,the outside temperature was 45-50 F,with 20-25 MPH wind.I put the thermostat on 90 F (First time ever in my life )...my wife was still feeling cold..inside room.I had to call 3 times...at frontdesk in order to fix that....That was terrible.If I could find something in a better locaton, I'd go for that....Not good for the amount they charge for !  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Spyderwood
<Content>Okay Hotel, Not-so-great Location Stayed in this hotel for two nights, and have no serious complaints about the hotel itself. It was a pretty typical Doubletree, with acceptable, clean rooms, a small full-service restaurant (with a nice, inexpensive breakfast buffet) and a pool that looked (I didn't actually use it) very nice. There were some problems with the elevators, and they had pieces of paper taped to the walls near the elevator doors, indicating that if you put more than 6 people on an elevator, it would get stuck. Sort of tacky, but I guess it's better than having people get stuck. The front desk staff were not very friendly. Not overtly rude, just indifferent, as if they could care less whether you were there or not. Not that I expect to be greeted with hugs and kisses when I check in, but a friendly smile and greeting are always nice.The most significant downside to this hotel is its location. The immediate area is not too bad (not too great, either), but a few blocks in just about any direction, and you begin to wonder if it's safe. I wouldn't be afraid to stay here again, but if I could find something in a better locaton, I'd probably take it.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Grotshops
<Content>Good choice at a moderate price I've come to expect comfortable, clean rooms at Doubletree and this was no exception. The immediate neighborhood is a little transitional, but we experienced no security concerns or problems. We didn't try the small hotel restaurant or bar - unless you're without a car, Dallas has far more appealing options. The small outdoor pool was very nice and has a deep end, which is increasngly unusual. This wouldn't be a good hotel for someone dependent on cabs or public transport. Depending on how good a rate I could get, I would consider staying here again, but the lack of free wireless internet service in the rooms is a minus.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>JaredM_1
<Content>Great Experience at the Doubletree Market Center I've always been a fan of the Doubletree brand and the Market Center hotel was no exception.I was in town for A-kon and the Sheraton (once known as Adam's Mark) was completely booked, so I poked around and the various properties along the Market Center stretch seemed like a good value.One thing that pleasantly surprised me about this hotel was the complimentary internet service. I'm of the opinion that free internet should (and will eventually...) be the standard for hotels, but so many of the higher-end and even luxury properties seem to be stuck in this $10-per-day sinkhole of anti-productivity-doom. Not so at this Doubletree. I was prepared to pay for the internet, anyway and I was not surprised by the Wayport access screen; however, there was no other hoops. Just the screen asking if I wanted to connect to the complimentary internet.Shenanigans! I proclaimed, but my bill reflected no extra charges upon check-out. I was pleased.Also, I would like to lay down massive kudos to the gentlemen that operate the shuttle service. So long as I gave them a little notice and a little information, these fine drivers were willing to take you anywhere and bring you back afterwards. Shoot, they even took on a couple of extras I'd picked up in the West Village and dropped them off downtown on the way back to the hotel. That's dedication!I didn't have a chance to partake in the food (probably b/c it wasn't complimentary :-( ...Doubletree Brand, take note of the Embassy Suites!!!) so I can't offer any opinion on that aspect. However, the in-house restaurant looked very pleasing and inviting.My one and only gripe was with one very minute aspect of the room. I confirmed a reservation for a non-smoking double queen and was assigned a double room (not queens...that's NOT my issue though) but the room was a connecting room. Now, I didn't have any problem with this on principle, but the very first night, the room connecting to me must have been a family rushing to catch a red-eye b/c I could hear EVERYTHING they were saying and doing through the door at 3 AM. I have now resolved to request non-connecting rooms in the future.Other than that, it was a great time and I'd definitely do it again.Thanks again Doubletree!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Auntie_MeMy
<Content>Loved It!!! I read these reviews and just prepared myself for the worst. Everyone kept saying shady area and I guess shady is a relative word. It's not the best but I've seen shady and that area wasn't shady. My overall experience was FANTASTIC!!! From check-in to check-out, almost everyone was accommodating and friendly (only ran into one reception person with an attitude). I had problems the first night with the internet; couldn't connect after I had paid. When I went to the front desk after a couple of visits from the engineer, who couldn't correct the problem, the person at the desk had removed the charges and was apologizing for the inconvenience (he gave me a couple of extra cookies to boot). The room was clean and they kept it clean. The food was okay but that still does not sway me from my opinion of this place. I even enjoyed the gym. I would stay here again for sure!!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Skidrust
<Content>Nice hotel for the price This hotel is in a very convenient location. Just off of I-35 and about 3 miles from downtown Dallas. I agree with the other reviews that the area just surrounding the hotel is quite shady, but then again, the street it's on always has traffic and you aren't veering too far off from the interstate, so it's not that bad. You do need a car if you stay at this hotel because you'll end up driving for almost everything. Dallas Uptown area is about 4 miles away and one of the best options for a night out in town or just some moderately upscale dining.The hotel rooms are small, but the renovation has done a good job. Size doesn't bother me that much, because I'd much rather have a clean room and nice hotel staff any day over the size of the room. To think of it, this is probably a really old hotel and structurally it is not possible for the hotel to make the rooms or the bathrooms bigger. So can't ding them for that.The bathroom uses Neutrogena amenities which are quite nice and the towels were clean and soft. Wolfgang Puck coffee machine is available in the room, so you don't have to deal with coffee pots and stuff. Just insert the coffee cartridge and voila! you have one cup of nice steaming coffee.The beds were very comfortable and the airconditioning in the room is controlled through a thermostat and not a window unit. Thank lord for that. Set the temperature and forget about it :-)The fitness center is on the 2nd floor with all latest Precor fitness equipment. There are two treadmills, one elliptical, one cycle. All the precor equipment has a personal television, which is a nice bonus. Free weights are available and about 4 different weighted exercise balls. This is one area where I would say that they could have set themselves apart, but they chose not too. They can very easily convert an adjoining room into an extended fitness center and install a couple of those weight machines.There is a shop downstairs which stocks your sundry items and is reasonably priced for hotel standards. The restaurant is also small, but has a decent menu and also excellent breakfast for a reasonable price. You get a full buffet for 9.95 and that includes made to order eggs and waffles. Fruits were very fresh and the other preparations like breakfast potatoes were very good.All in all, I travel for business and this hotel fits the bill just fine. For the price, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ez369
<Content>Better than I originally thought.. Stayed for 4 nites at this property and initial thoughts going in was that this is going to be a dump. Once I checked in, I started having some good vibes. The front desk staff was friendly and accomodating the entire time I was there. The rooms have been recently renovated but they were a little small. There is a small bar on premise and it isn't cheap either. A premium vodka and tonic set me back $8.00 Kinda high considering the bar isn't anything fantastic and this wasn't even a super premium vodka. The breakfast buffett wasn't bad and I enjoyed that. Didn't try room service or ate at any other times in the restaurant. One of the things I did enjoy was free parking and it was quick getting from your car to your room. I'm so used to having to pay daily parking garage fees. The room probably had about 30 or so cable channels so that wasn't bad. Another positive is the close proximity to uptown, victory park, west end, love field, etc.. Although the immediate surrounding is kinda dumpy, it doesn't take long to get anywhere.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Theguyfrom
<Content>Service and cleanliness overcome the location I cannot say enough about the friendliness and can-do attitude of all the staff we encountered on a three night stay. Hats off to the bellman who drove me to the mall to find a jewelry store that was open on a Sunday - and waited for me to shop - Wow! The updates on the property are well in progress and I don't think it's fair for other guests to complain about a hotel's architecture as they had the opporunity to view the property prior to selecting it. The location could be better as indicated by oher reviews, but it is an excellent value and you will appreciate the efforts made by the staff to make your stay enjoyable. As a hotel operator I predict the reviews for his property will continue to to be favourable if they keep doing the things they are doing.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CATravelingGal
<Content>Nice hotel, but location not great A group of us stayed at the Doubletree Market Center for the Texas-Oklahoma game the first weekend of October. I booked the rooms last December online with Hilton for a rate of $89 a night. As the game approached, rooms were as high as $229 a night. I am glad we booked early as the hotel is worth about $89 a night. The front desk staff was courteous at check-in. The hotel itself is clean and there were no major issues with the room - bathroom was clean and there was good water pressure. We used the shuttle service (3 mile service radius) to the WestEnd a few times and it was convenient. It saved taxis rides that averaged $25-35 for five people (Dallas charges a surcharge for extra people in a cab). A rental car would have been cheaper, but then we would have had to deal with parking in the WestEnd and at the state fair grounds for the football game.The Doubletree is not on the main drag of Market Center which is right off the freeway. It is off another street that is a bit dodgy. The other motels in the area were a bit run down. I know the hotel can not choose its neighbors, but it is unfortunate because the area brings the Doubletree down. We ate breakfast on Sunday morning in the hotel restaurant. We all ate from the buffet ($9.95) and it was a good deal. Omelet station, waffles, potatoes, eggs, meats, fruit, cereal, yogurt, juices, milk, coffee/tea provided. There is also a bar in the hotel that was a nice place to unwind after returning from the football game. Overall, the Doubletree was ok, but not great. If you can book it for a good rate (under $100) then it is fine for a stay. I think next year we will stay at one of the hotels directly off Stemmons Freeway.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>WeTravel2007
<Content>Nice Hotel, Horrible Location Was here for a conference recently. The problem with this hotel is the location. Market Center is really not the center of anything. The hotel itself is nice, but there's no point in staying here as there's nothing around. The hotel offers a free shuttle service to the downtown area which helps, but otherwise it's about a 10-15$ cab ride. There are only two restaurants in the area - Denny's and Buck's Prime (which is actually a good spot for BBQ but they close early - around 8pm) and the Hawaii Spa which is dodgy to say the least. The hotel rooms are nice - standard fare. Didn't use the hotel restaurant or bar so cannot comment on that. The conference room was better than average but they had a cricket infestation which seemed to be a recurring problem. The pool area looked nice but I did not use it. If you are coming to this hotel, I'd reccommend renting a car.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	1	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bigbaldjohnny
<Content>Nice room. Nice room. Nice bed. Nice bath. Well kept and clean. The common areas seemed very small. The exterior shows some wear and sandwiched between a couple of low rent motels with Dennys and a asian massage parlor across the street.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>SkiCountry
<Content>Friendly Staff Great Guest Room The front desk was excellent, they even went out of their way to assist me to the elevator with my extra luggage. The room was very large and comfortable, I had a corner room with windows on 2 sides which was nice. Every staff member I came in contact with was excellent. Great stay, will definitely recommend to anyone.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Soda100
<Content>Good, but not quite up to the usual Doubletree standard This hotel isn't as nice as other Doubletrees-- for one, the architecture reminds you of a government office building from the 60s, but it's perfectly fine inside. The showerhead wasn't well stuck to the wall so it would slide down, but hey, we still got a comfortable shower. The plumbing in the bathroom seemed to need some updating, too. The pool looked well-kept and inviting, though. The staff were perfectly nice and I saw them cleaning up an unfortunate set of dog-pooped shoeprints in the foyer that someone tracked in.Parking:Free and well-lit.Food: The restaurant breakfast looked perfectly nice, but the Denny's across the way is less expensive, though, of course, not as nice. Location:I have to agree with the earlier poster about the location: it's a little strangely placed in a big cluster of hotels. Surprisingly, then, there's not much in the way of restaurants or places to go for a walk around there. There's a divey-looking massage parlour across the street from this hotel that doesn't really invite you to go for a walk or hang out around the hotel's neighborhood. So I'd say this: it's a good location because you're a quick drive in to downtown Dallas and some of the cuter neighborhoods around Lemon Ave and Uptown. But forget it, if you just want to do much around this hotel, because all that's there is antique restoration studios (some quite nice, acutually, but it's all mixed up and kind of too far to walk around between) and more big hotels.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Tynkility
<Content>Good Weekend Choice This is one of the big hotels downtown in the Market Center area. On the w/ends, the business people are away and hotel prices go way down. Unlike Los Angeles for instance, where downtown is a graveyard during the w/end, there are actually a lot of places open and things to do in Dallas. The hotel is right off the freeway, but a little funky to get to the first time. The location is central to both Love and DFW airports - 30min to each. As I've stated, there is plent of night life in the area, and all levels of shopping are within 10-30 minutes. My 2 night rate was $69@night for an immaculate room. The staff was friendly and supportive. The facility well kept and clean.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

