<Author>md9802
<Content>Loved Hotel Fita! I highly recommend Fita to everyone. I stayed there for a night in October while on vacation. I knew I would be arriving at the hotel at 10A, a few hours before regular check-in time. Much to my surprise, my room was ready for me when I arrived. Loes graciously welcomed me into the hotel. The single room was small but clean. It had everything I needed. My room was on the first floor but there was an elevator as noted but many other reviews. Since I was leaving early the next morning, Loes even took my laundry (free!) when I checked in so that it would be ready later the same day.Loes was extremely helpful with directions, pointing out the relevant buses/trams and good restaurants in the area. The hotel is located on a quiet street, just around the corner from the Museumplein. It's also within walking distance of Vondelpark and the nightlife of Leidseplein. There is a free computer with internet access and a printer - great for printing out your boarding pass before heading to the airport. There is also free wireless available in the rooms. Breakfast was hearty and filling - yogurt, eggs, croissants, and fruit. Even stroopwafels! Local calls and even calls to the US are free, which was fantastic. Both Hans and Loes were warm, welcoming hosts that made me feel at home. I would readily stay at Fita again on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WmCT
<Content>Great little hotel in quiet neighborhood Most of the reviews describe the property well. It's in a good location for the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum....just a stone's throw away. Very nice people who run it - very friendly and helpful. Room was small, but that's typical for Europe, but clean and very cozy. Flat screen TV and wireless - very important for me. The bath room had it's own radiator and so was always very toasty warm. The ONLY possible negative could be that the hotel is located very near a day-care, so often you could hear screaming children during the day. It didn't really bother me, but I just thought I'd mention it. Breakfast was good - typical European, and they offered to custom cook eggs if I wanted. Just an all-around good place with a good price. I paid 100 Euro, and that's cheap for Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>HinghamVirginia
<Content>Loved Hotel Fita! Amsterdam was our last stop before returning to the states. My husband and I were traveling with our 4 children ranging in ages from 13 to 23. We had spent 2 days in Paris and 2 days in Normandy before checking into Hotel Fita. It was like coming home. We arrived very late in the evening and Hans, the owner, couldn't have been more welcoming and hospitable. We were exhausted and to have two very large rooms that were spotless, warm and comfy was awesome! It is a non-smoking hotel which we really appreciated! The bathrooms were large and spotlessly clean. Upon our arrival that evening, Hans couldn't have been nicer. He has a great sense of humor and my kids just loved him. He told us about the amenities the hotel offers including the free internet service (kids immediately disappeared), gave us our room keys, cards to enter after hours, put our luggage on the lift, and showed us to our rooms. The next morning, we followed the wonderful aroma of coffee, eggs and bacon down the stairs to the cozy dining room where we were greeted by a jovial Hans and served a delicious buffet breakfast. There was a wonderful assortment of cheeses and Hans' homemade jams. Delicious! We asked Hans to help us plan our short stay and he gave us an itinerary to follow sending us through the little streets of the city to some of the prettiest places including gardens, canal overlooks, and the flower market. Hans then suggested we stop at a wonderful cheese shop and then continue on and get a beer at the Papeneiland Pub. This is one of the oldest establishments in Amsterdam and was the perfect stop before continuing on with our day. We walked to the Anne Frank House and finished up at the Van Gogh Museum before returning to Hotel Fita which was just a short walk from the museum. With such a short stay in the city, the Hotel Fita and Hans were the perfect choice for us. We all cannot wait to return for a longer stay in Amsterdam at the Hotel Fita!!! Thank you Hans and Loes!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merlinandme
<Content>Excellent Location Hotel Fita is beautifully located around the corner from the Van Gogh Museum. There is also a nearby tram stop. The location is perfect because it allows easy access to all of Amsterdam, but sits on a quiet street.The hotel offers a nutritious full breakfast that can fuel you for a great start to a busy day in Amsterdam.The rooms are perfectly clean with sufficient storage and closets. The staff are helpful, with everyone understanding English.I would stay here again if I returned to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gilmann
<Content>Great stay I spent a lot of time researching Amsterdam hotels before my trip and chose Hotel Fita due to other reviews, and thought I'd add a bit.It's incredibly close to Museumplein, so if you plan to visit the Rijksmuseum or Van Gogh, it's hard to get closer. It's a 5 minute walk to restaurants, or a 15-20 minute walk to the center of town (and being Amsterdam, it's a fun walk).Hotel is clean, paint is fresh. Beds are small but comfortable. Rooms are as stated (when you reserve, you choose the room size); ours was roomy enough for two leisure/business travellers carrying multiple large suitcases. Free wireless internet. We were welcomed with champagne by the owner, it was a nice touch after a long travel day.Above the norm: the hotel has a lift, and as I've stayed at BB's in Amsterdam that don't I can assure this was a big, big plus. The breakfast was excellent: freshly brewed coffee, scrambled eggs  crisp bacon, freshly squeezed orange juice, pastries, cheeses, etc. Very nice breakfast area.Booked through Hoteliers.com. Booking process is not a highlight, it took a couple of emails and calls to get it done, but it worked in the end.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bunga08
<Content>Home away from home ! Hallo ! I am Sian Tjan from Jakarta Indonesia. Since years my husband and me have been regular guests at Hotel Fita located in the centre of Amsterdam , Jan Luyken Straat, just across the van Gogh and Rijksmuseum and a few steps away from Leidse Plein and the Vondelpark. The public transportation is around the corner.This is a very nice family hotel, with a very good breakfast., internet facilities and people are treated as friends. We really feel like home away from home. We can warmly recommend you this nice small hotel in a typical old Dutch building with personal touch .Sian and K,Seng TjanJakarta, Indonesia.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmb06
<Content>Cheerful welcome and a nice stay My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Fita for one night on a weekend trip to Amsterdam to see Boom Chicago. I had read some favorable reviews online and found that the hotel was very close to the Leidseplein where the theatre is located. The young woman who checked us in was friendly and cheerful. She immediately announced that we were getting an upgrade to the largest (A) type room in the hotel. (It was probably because the hotel was not full, but we thought it was a very nice gesture!) After we settled in our room, she appeared with 2 glasses of champagne. A very nice start to our weekend in Amsterdam.The room was very clean, nicely decorated, with a large spotless bathroom. When we returned to the hotel that night, our room key card opened the front door to the lobby. Breakfast was quite nice, but not as elaborate and extensive as what had been described in other reviews. It was fine, though, again with pleasant service.I have already recommended the Hotel Fita to a friend, and we will definitely return the next time we take trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mariaines1505
<Content>Pleasant stay We stayed in a twin room at Fita Hotel in early september for 3 nights, after a few days in London, where we stayed in a chain hotel. We found this hotel very nice for many reasons. First, the location. We enjoyed walking to Leidsplein every day either to eat, sightseeing or shopping. Second, the room. The beds were very comfortable, and we had everything we needed in the room. There were tea making facilities and also a coffee machine. The bathroom was nice and perfectly clean. We had enough space for our big luggage, and the elevator was much of help. The breakfast was nice as well, with plenty of sweet choices and great cheese (we loved dutch cheese!). The wifi internet and printer were very helpful as we needed to check some things for the rest of our trip. Also the free phone calls, which we used to arrange some stuff we needed for the next part of our trip. Both internet access and phone calls were a problem in London, but they weren't here!. This things might be not important for a lot of people, but it were for us as we needed to keep in touch with our family and arrange tickets and accomodation for the rest of our trip. The owners provided good information about the city and also gave a warm welcome. It was very convenient to buy tickets for the museum from them and avoid the HUGE line in Van Gogh Museum.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>RickCalgary
<Content>Very nice stay Friendly staff, friendly owners. The breakfast was great in the morning, more varied and larger than many other options. I was running the Half-Marathon and found the location near enough to the Stadium to walk, but also near enough to the central sights to also walk downtown as well . . . . . so I did a lot of walking in addition to running the race. Nevertheless, some key tram lines also seemed to be within a few blocks, as were places like Concertbouw, Van Gogh and Leidesplein. Voendelpark is also within a few blocks. The room was as I pictured it, with a large, clean bathroom. The owners were willing to be accomodating when I said I might have to leave early for family reasons and then was able to stay. I appreciated the flexibility as I'd been in Africa and out of touch of some things, so was in a bit of a flux the first few days. Free international calls were an unexpected surprise and the internet access helped me stay in touch with my staff back in Canada. Pleasant stay all around and I appreciated the service and consideration.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jo8181
<Content>Best kept secret in Amsterdam This is the first time I have ever written a review for ANYTHING online so trust me when I say that you will be thoroughly impressed with your stay at Hotel Fita. I stumbled upon this hotel while searching for a comfortable, quaint and reasonably priced place to stay during my trip to Amsterdam. The hotel profile online fit the bill and my experience there confirmed all that I had hoped it would be. The rooms were immaculate, the staff were lovely and there were so many little things that made the stay so pleasant. They had free wireless, a printer and laundry service. All of these things are so appreciated, especially in the event you need to check something quickly online but don't want to pay several Euro in order to do so. The breakfast also was spectacular. I would have been perfectly pleased with a basic breakfast, but they always had a hot dish prepared, fresh breads, cheese, yogurt, cereal and of course juice and coffee to start the day off just right. There are dozens of other amenities that while straightforward were much appreciated during my stay. I highly, HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a lovely place to stay that is within walking distance to so many local treasures and hot spots. I will never stay anywhere but here during my future visits to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CBC46
<Content>The perfect spot away from the crowds M and C from San Mateo, CAWe just returned from a 5-night stay at the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam. The location, near the Van Gogh Museum (quiet, safe, on public transportation), the helpful owners and hotel staff, the breakfast buffet with fresh squeezed orange juice and all the other perks (free international calls, free internet, free laundry service, small but serviceable elevator) made this a perfect choice. If you choose a smaller room, Hans will store your luggage. We would stay here again and will recommend it to our friends!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PaducahTravelers
<Content>Very nice stay. Would recommend My wife and I stayed at Hotel Fita for three nights. As many have said, the hotel is in an excellent location and many sights are within walking distance. Our room was on the ground floor and was very spacious. We found our room clean and tidy and the owners very hospitable.We thought Hans had a very good breakfast, although the oranges do run out if you're the last down in the morning. We found both Hans and Loes very friendly and easy to talk to. Hans makes it a point to talk to everyone when they come for breakfast. Loes suggested some very nice restaurants in the area and we enjoyed talking with her and her daughter. Unlike other posts here, we found Loes very friendly and a real treat to talk to!The only negative we experienced was with the maid service. We put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door (we don't like having maids come in our room for short stays) and found that when we came back, the maid had been in and made up the room. We thought that maybe we had forgotten to put the placard up, but the following day she again came into the room. We asked her not to clean our room, but she didn't seem to understand. It was our last night, so we didn't bother saying anything to Hans.We would stay here again, and would recommend this to our friends.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>makamaCalifornia
<Content>Loved Hotel Fita My husband and I had one of the large rooms with a little sitting area that looks out over the schoolyard across the street.We had a king-size bed with two twin-sized duvets beneath a king-size bedspread--not standard U.S. practice. But based on our experiences during the previous two weeks driving around Germany and Switzerland, putting two twin-sized duvets on a double bed was standard at all the BBs we stayed at. This was also the case in the private home of our German host couple.We felt that the room was always well cleaned. During a 6-day stay, the only comment we would make is that it took two days for wine glasses to be removed from the room. Now, you should also know how the wine glasses got there: One of the staff members brought us wine and nuts on our first night because we arrived late in the evening like basket cases after a six-hour drive from Germany that should have taken three hours. Adriaan took great pity on us and brought up that little treat, which was so, so welcome.We met the owner and, as a very hearty Dutchman, he can definitely seem a bit larger than life. But he was perfectly pleasant and very helpful. Now let me tell you more wonderful things about Hotel Fita: a friendly staff that is there to please you; free use of a computer for Internet access just outside the breakfast room; free--yes, free--laundry service (can you imagine how wonderful that was for us after traveling for two weeks?); a lovely buffet breakfast; steps from the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum, and well-located for walking anywhere in the Centrum; and a resident wire-haired dachshund named Bella who will cheer all guests who are missing their pups at home.In our opinion, you can't go wrong with Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>livingfine
<Content>Hotel Fita not fitting at all We were very disappointed in our stay at this hotel. After reading the reviews a few months ago I booked us there for only two nights. This is the only time Trip Advisor was wrong. I think the review before that last hit it right. The WIFE has a real attitude when you question her about anything.. I was told by travel agent we had a room with balconey. NOT. and she insisted that we did not and if we didn't like it too bad. Hans the husband said from now on they will chanrge an extra 10 euro for those rooms. Folks we paid 185 euros per night and I almost cry when we were shown rooms near Central Station.. Hotel Victoria would of charged us only 145 euros.. Since we were there on Sunday and Monday..I think that these people are so full of themselves.. You get that idea once you talk to them..It's a take it or leave it attitude..I thought the breakfast was okay but the rooms leave alot to be desired.Dirty and old old old. Paper mitts for face cloths and soap dispensers on the wall. My husband's boss cancel her two rooms in the allowed time but the wife still charge her one night.We loved Amsterdam. We will come back but not here..  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>madmadeleine
<Content>Hotel Owners have FITS at Hotel Fita I had a problem at this hotel. The husband and wife team that run this hotel seem like nice people, but try to complain, and they go on the attack, and they are vicious and relentless. Be warned. I expect to be harassed because I am posting this review. The following is a true account of what happened to me.After kicking us out two days in a row to clean our room, the maid had yet to remove the dirty glassware or clean the room properly. The mirror in the bathroom had tooth flossing specks on it, not from us. There was mildew on the grout in the bathtub. The glass topped coffee table had grease on both sides of the glass and the rug and not been vacuumed. The windows on the french doors were dirty on both sides--these windows were easily accessible, and oddly, the other windows in the window seat area, which were harder to get at, were clean. The room was actually very nice, one of the best in the hotel. And with 10 minutes and some windex and bleach, all would have been fine.However, when I tried to explain this to Hans, one of the owners of the hotel, he went ballistic. I was not aware that complaining was not permitted in their hotel.While we were alone in my room, this intimidating man became irate. He yelled at me for being too demanding! I told him maybe he was unaware that the maid wasn't taking care of all the details when cleaning even though she made such a point of kicking us out of our room for her to clean it.The first day we were there. We were so jet lagged we went back to bed and were fast asleep when the maid walked in on us! We had put the do not disturb sign on the door, but she said it had fallen on the floor. She didn't even knock! She insisted that she had to clean the room immediately and gave us 10 minutes to dress and get out. We were too groggy to stand up for ourselves, or to complain about such treatment. The next day, my husband had left to work at the trade show but I was still in the room when she came in and wanted to clean it. So I grabbed my stuff and got out.When I got back I noticed she made the bed and changed the towels. I went downstairs to get some ice and since the ice bucket that had been in our room was not clean, I went into the kitchen and washed it in the sink with some dish soap. I was approached by one of the other employees who asked what I was doing. I told her that the ice bucket had not been clean and I wanted to wash it before putting ice in it. I told her things in our room were not as clean as I would have hoped they would be.A few minutes later, Hans came up with windex and bleach. He said something about that he had told the maid to bleach the mildew in the tub, and he went in to do that. I took the windex and started to do the bathroom mirror and he went ballistic. I pointed out the toothpaste spray on the mirror and said that it had been there since we arrived, and suggested that he might have a problem with his maid not doing her job properly. And we didn't appreciate her walking in on us or kicking us out of our room when we had obviously been asleep! Hans started shouting at me about how unreasonably picky I was being and that everything can't be perfect in a room. He then ran his hand over the top of the armoire and it came down covered with dust! I had no idea what his point was, I wasn't even complaining about the dust, but it was comic how he was raging defensively about how clean the room was and it was actually even dirtier than I had noticed.About a half hour later I was having trouble using the wireless internet, so I went downstairs to try the set-up they have for the guests that don't have laptops, and I saw some windex and a towel next to the computer. So I borrowed these items and took the opportunity to clean the stuff that had been bothering me. I replaced the items when I was done.I sent an email to Loes, who was my initial contact when I booked my stay. She is the wife of Hans and from what I can tell, a co-owner. I told her This is not acceptable behavior. I would like someone to apologize to me in a civil manner and I expect polite treatment and good service for the remainder of my stay. Then she called to shout at me and tell me how happy she is with all of her staff. And since I did not like my room, I could move out immediately! Now she was being spiteful. With the one of the biggest trade shows of the year in town, there was no way I was going to be able to find anything, and I was not the one that was unable to control my temper. I told her I would see what I could do. And I told her that since I had had a chance to clean the room, it was satisfactory. But that only made her angrier. She came to my door and pounded on it! I told her I was not going to open the door or participate in a shouting match. I told her if she could find a comparable room at another hotel, I would move. She tried, but couldn't come up with anything. So I was stuck wondering everytime I went out whether my stuff was safe in a place where they were so rude and wanted to get me out so badly. And worrying every time I came in that I would see Hans or Loes and they would yell at me again. They got to save some money, because we did not go down to breakfast. We ate out rather than risk any confrontation. That's okay. Hans rules over the breakfast room and our first morning we must have come down later than he wished, even though it was still within the allotted breakfast time. So there was no fresh squeezed orange juice for us! I went online to trip advisor and sorted by one star reviews. I found multiple complaints about them bullying their customers! Guess I should have done more research... To prevent more confrontations, I sent her an email telling her that since she and Hans could not seem to control their tempers, that the only way I would communicate with them was by email. And that they both owed me an apology. There was no apology, and though we had scheduled more days after the trade show, we got out of there as soon as we could.One more little annoyance. We paid extra to get the largest room size because it featured a double bed that was a real double bed, not two singles stuck together. But the bed was topped by two small (probably single size) duvet-like things instead of one that fit the bed. The overlap was pretty small, so In the middle of the night, they would slip around on the bed and create a gap right where we were trying to sleep together. They topped it with a thin chenille bedspread that was the right size, so things looked okay on the surface.It's a shame. It is a nice hotel with a lot of great perks. But the inability of the management to control their negative emotions makes it intolerable. Amsterdam has lots of wonderful places to stay. This is not one of them.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	3	1	2	

<Author>Kiwi_MumandSon
<Content>Final stop on our Major European Citiies Tour       Room on entry  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>happytrails94
<Content>Loved the Fita! Stayed at Hotel Fita 5 nights and had an excellent stay. Our room was spacious and immaculate. It had the feel of a bed and breakfast, warm and friendly. The owners were helpful and available with useful information about their fine city. It is a great location for the art museums and the tram is literally right down the street!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelLoverBoston
<Content>Hotel Fita is Number One in Amsterdam!! I spent 3 days in Amsterdam before embarking on a cruise in August, 2008. Based on TripAdvisor reviews, I booked a single room for myself and for my travel companion...and I cannot think of a single reason why anyone would stay anywhere else. The location in the Museum Quarter is excellent. A very quiet street that is near just about anything you may want to do, PLUS the city is very walkable. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and has one of the friendliest, most helpful, will-do-anything-for-you staffs that I have ever seen. My single room was a perfect size (and keep in mind that I had clothing for a 2 week trip to store), the bathrooms are fantastic (great shower!), plus I had a balcony!! Breakfast is first rate and changes daily. The coffee and food and juice were all delicious. If I am ever lucky enough to visit Amsterdam again I will stay at the Hotel Fita!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OzTraveller76
<Content>Great little hotel Excellent small hotel in a very convenient location - close to museums and trams, but down a side street so nice and quiet. We found it very comfortable and clean, and would definitely go there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>CCinLouisiana
<Content>Loved the Fita Hotel Fita is a nice, small hotel in a great location. It is near the Rembrandt museum and Rijksmuseum, near tram and bus stops, and in a residential area so visitors may get a glimpse of how Amsterdam residents live, commute to work on bicycles and bring their children to school. Entrance to the hotel is restricted, which makes one feel safe. The room was lovely. I had a balcony overlooking a school playground. The bathroom was large, with a shower and bathtub (and rubber duck!) You can buy tickets to the Rembrandt Museum and Rijksmuseum through the hotel. The breakfast was good. The breakfast room was set up so that visitors could easily converse and make acquaintances. It was a lovely place, a great location. I would stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Magere1_2
<Content>Handy to everything Arrived early AM from Asia and were welcomed by the owner. Room was not ready for some hours so he gave us some suggestions as to where we should visit. Upon return were shown to room - large and very comfortable. Very good bed and pillows (always improtant for me). Room wand the hotel were always spotless. Staff very friendly. Breakfast good. Hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>splash2612
<Content>Excellent location and service What a great hotel for a 2 day stay for visiting the museums of Amsterdam. Our room was fresh and clean and the breakfasts were excellent. We had 2 days prior to catching a cruise to Ireland and Norway so needless to say had a great deal of luggage. Our room was large enough to accommodate the luggage with room to spare. The staff was very helpful and arranged for our transportation to the cruise port. Our hats off to Hans  Loes de Rapper for managing such a well run hotel in the heart of Amsterdam's museum district.Ted  Cissy Twining  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Buckaroo-8th
<Content>Terrific location and hospitality We have traveled all over Europe and have to say that the Fita is an exemplary family-run hotel. Whatever it may lack in the way of luxury it more than makes up for in:- location: quiet side street steps away from the museums, Vondel Park, shopping, and trams that take you to the center in minutes- cleanliness- helpfullness of the staff (we had our laundry done at no extra charge)- extras that matter: complete breakfast, free phonecalls to Europe and the US, free Internet access, a room safe, even an umbrella for the guests' uses (which we luckliy did not have to employ).The price may not be quite bargain level but it is quite reasonable for what you get. This will be our default place to call in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>fivefingersopen
<Content>loved the location Hotel Fita's delightfully located on a quiet residential street right behind the high-end shopping street (Chanel ....)The room's a little tight but the bathroom's big! Our room was right next to a playground for a childcare centre so you can imagine how noisy it gets during the day with screaming kids playing right by your window... We were ready to head out most of the time so that didn't bother us.. Free internet access and calls were the best! It was easy for us to arrange meetups with another couple in Amsterdam. We made use of the free laundry service and they were prompt in delivering my bf's shirts after I explained that he had no clean shirts left. Some parts of the clothes arrived damp but it dried soon after hanging it up for a while.The Nespreso machine was a nice touch,as well as the drinks and chocolates as a welcome treat! There's a safebox which I really appreciated.I was expecting the breakfast to be of a lower standard after staying in BBs for most parts of my Europe tour; Hotel Fita was a pleasant surprise. The staff's pleasant and they've helped us in booking our airport shuttle.Just make sure that you have your breakfast within the stipulated time. We were slightly late and had to make do with grabbing some leftovers to eat in our room. Overall, a pleasant stay with thoughtful ammenities... =)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>54austin
<Content>Great location, modest accommodations Hotel Fita is a clean, modest, little hotel in a great location. On a quiet residential street, it's a short block away from both the Van Gogh Museum and Amsterdam's Fifth Avenue. It's far enough away from the riff-raff of the old city center that you don't feel like you're trapped in tourist hell, but near enough (and Amsterdam's so compact, anyway), that it's all easily accessible by foot. It's also close to Amsterdam's largest park and several supermarkets, which makes for an easy economical picnic.The rooms are clean, but these are very much standard 3-star standards. There are some nice touches, such as a free use of an espresso maker in the room, cable TV, hot breakfast, internet, and a welcome glass of champagne and nuts. Staff are also generally friendly and helpful. But if you look around for specials at some of the other 4/5-star hotels in town, you could probably find a room at the same rate. It's this place's reliability, location and cleanliness keep it a consistent favorite.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CBCRNA
<Content>Exceptional hotel find! This exceptionally clean, quiet and friendly hotel allows free phone calls and internet access. Very hot powerful showers and wonderful beds and linens. GREAT breakfast included with fresh squeezed OJ and fabulous coffee. Very friendly and helpful staff. Short walk to museums and great shopping. Short walk to tram that takes you anywhere in Amsterdam. This is a wonderful place in a grreat neighborhood.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RVS798
<Content>Friendly and forgiving We had a reservation to spend four nights at the Hotel Fita, but our flight from Istanbul was delayed, then canceled -- so I had to call at the last minute and tell the hotel we'd be arriving the next day and would be spending only three nights. Although they would have had every right, under their written policy, to charge us for the first night, they didn't -- which tells you all you need to know about the friendliness and hospitality of this delightful boutique hotel. We splurged for the largest room (165 Euros) and believe me it was worth it! After years of suffering postage stamp-sized hotel rooms in Europe, this was a real treat -- and being less than a block away from the Van Gogh Museum on a lovely, quiet, residential street was an added bonus. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bigbearlady
<Content>Loved Hotel Fita       Hotel Fita  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>get2ss
<Content>A nice little place       Type I room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sandydeepbay
<Content>A jewel in Amsterdam We arrived at the Hotel Fita at the end of our three week trip through France and Amsterdam. My husband, myself and my mother-in-law thought this was the most elegant hotel we had stayed in during our trip. Hans met us and showed us our rooms, where he left with us glasses of bubbly and a bowl of cashews. Our two rooms were on the same floor and we felt secure enough that during the times we were at the hotel, we could leave our doors open and walk down to my in-laws room to check on her. Our double room was very large, airy and immaculate. Our bathroom had amenities which we had never seen before in a hotel. PS. We loved the rubber duck! Our breakfasts were delicious and varied. And we appreciated the freshly squeezed orange juice every morning. We also appreciated the free computer next to the breakfast room to email our kids. Hotel Fita was located in a quiet, leafy neighbourhood. Very central to walk to the museums, restaurants and designer shops to admire the evening gowns. Unfortunately, my husband contracted a bug, and Hans brought him a tray of tea, honey and a lime. A very lovely gesture. Our time in Amsterdam was much to short. We would love to come back again to visit this beautiful city and country and we will definitely return to the Hotel Fita. Thank you Hans and Loes.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasWorker
<Content>Quiet, nice, and SMALL It's a very nice hotel just behind the high-end shops. One of the other reviews alluded to thin walls, but the single rooms on the first floor have concrete walls that made the room extra quiet. Be ready though, the single room is about 3 meters by 4 meters (9 x 12 feet), smaller than my college dorm.Breakfast was decent, not terrific.The location was perfect for me -- walking distance to Leidsplein and 100 meters from the 2 and 5 tram stop.All of the staff were very helpful, even at 23:00! I'd stay there again, but they don't have availability...  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Abangel74
<Content>Clean, quiet, friendly I agree with all of the positive reviews I read prior to booking my stay there. The hotel has a small, homey, and clean feel to it. It is out of the way of the really busy, noisy streets, yet is very close to everything you'd want to do. The espresso machine in the room got a lot of use as we couldn't wake up in time for br'fast for the first 2 days - jet lag! I also liked that although the hotel is small, you feel a sense of privacy (my husband and I tend not to stay at BBs because of the non-private feeling), and we never heard a peep from any of the other rooms in the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sinners
<Content>Lovely find We have just returned from two nights in Amsterdam and were very pleased with this hotel. Firstly the location was perfect for two reaons-everything in Amsterdam is accessible from it and two because it was in a such a lovely quiet area-we were delighted with this find. The rooms were spacious and extremely clean, the breakfast was lovely but above all the thing that struck us most were how lovely, accomodating and friendly the hotel staff were. Nothing was too much for any of them and left us with such a great impression of Amsterdam. They were able to answer any queries on all our needs re sights,restaurants etc and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is not a luxury hotel -by this I mean fairly basic in the room etc-and neither does it claim to be, however the cleanliness and homely feel to it made it somewhere I would choose to stay again. Overall we loved our stay in Amsterdam and love the Dutch people!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alself
<Content>Excellent deal on hotel in great location Hotel Fita is ideally situated for seeing the Van Gogh and Rijks museums - just a few steps away from each. It is also located within walking distance of many restaurants and other tourist shops. The rooms are nicely appointed with free wireless internet and free international calls to the US - an excellent perk for business travelers. The owners are very welcoming, offering a glass of champagne and cashews upon check-in as well as a wealth of advice of what to see and do while in town and how best to get there. They also arranged an early breakfast for me due to early departure. Lastly, the Airport Connexion hotel shuttle stops at Hotel Fita and provides excellent economy for travelers looking to get to the hotel without paying a premium taxi service. I couldn't have asked for more and plan to make Hotel Fita a regular stop on future trips through Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sacramento_CA2Rovers
<Content>Location, location, and customer service too! We stayed at the Hotel Fita in April 2008 and certainly will plan to do so again for any travels to Amsterdam. It's location within literally steps of the Van Gogh and Rijks Museums, the Concertgebouw, prestigiuous shopping lane, and a neighborhood grocery was absolutely ideal. The immediate area has a neighborhood feel, yet the tourist restaurant area of Amsterdam was also within easy walking distance. Hans and Loes and all of the staff are very helpful and considerate. The rooms were attractive and comfortable and the in-room expresso machine added a special treat.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loulie44
<Content>Lovely hotel, centrally located My husband, 9-year-old son and I stayed at the Hotel Fita for four nights last week and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is on a quiet street that is centrally located. (It's right around the corner from the Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum, and a five minute walk to the Leidesplein, where we spent much time sitting on the terraces of various cafes.) We stayed in Room 32, which is one of the largest rooms and easily accommodated the extra bed they brought in for my son. The room has the added bonus of a balcony, where my husband and I enjoyed an evening glass of wine after my son fell asleep. The breakfast included in the room rate is tasty and included freshly baked croissants, raisin brioches, and chocolate croissants; bread and cheese; eggs and bacon; cereal; various fruits and orange juice; and freshly brewed coffee. The staff was pleasant and helpful, and the hotel is impeccably clean. My husband is a native of Amsterdam, and remarked that the hotel was the ideal combination of being in a peaceful location that is central to the sites. We give the hotel our highest recommendation.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lady_Alka
<Content>A gem in the Museum District Great little boutique hotel in the Museum district of Amsterdam. It's easy to get around the city on foot, via tram, or via canal boat. Hans (a character) and his crew run a fun place. Our room and bath were plain, comfortable, and very clean. The breakfast (included) was abundant and delicious. The hotel is located next to a noisy schoolyard, so if you are looking for an afternoon nap, this might not be the place for you.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Young707
<Content>Great Location       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>liznkate
<Content>Home away from home My daughter and I recently had a three day stay in Amsterdam and the Hotel Fita was our base. She and I both loved our room and couldn't wait to get back to it for a mid-day break. This we could easily do since it was so conveniently located. Since Amsterdam can be a kind of crazy place, we both found comfort in the fact that a school/playground was right next door and that the front door to the hotel was always locked. The hotel is on a nice neighborhood street, too. She and I both recommend the hotel very highly.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wadswick
<Content>A warm welcome is guaranteed This hotel is in a very convenient location and has easy access to most parts of the city. The owners are very hospitable and keen to please, as well as being fun! They will give you guidance of attractions and how to get to them. The rooms are comfortable and with the hotel being in a quiet location sleep is undisturbed. Above all, and most importantly, everything is clean. Breakfast is a treat with everything fresh and varied.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>canin
<Content>very pleasant very peaceful atmosphere , hotel located in a residential quarter , restful decoration of the cosy bedrooms , excellent documentation about amsterdam , proximity of Arts Museum ( Rijksmuseum , Van Gogh Museum ) , many tramway lines to go everywhere , close to boat stops  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tatania77
<Content>Simply excellent My husband and I really loved this hotel. It was clean and it smelled clean, too. The location was very good and the staff were very helpful. The room we stayed in was spacious (not just by Amsterdam standards) and had a nice big bathroom, lovely big windows and a balcony. The view wasn't anything special, but the street is quiet at night, so if you value a good night's sleep more than an exciting view, this hotel is certainly a good choice. One of the best things is their buffet breakfast served in a pretty little room. We found ourselves rather looking forward to all those scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, pastries of all kinds, fruit salad...makes me hungry to be writing about it now!The only shortcoming was our bed which was two twin beds put together, but that is a common feature of most hotels in Amsterdam. Otherwise the bed was quite comfortable.We certainly felt very lucky to have chosen this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vloginov
<Content>Very nice and clean hotel in superior location Hotel Fita is a good choice because of the following reasons:Location - quite area close to all attractions of Amsterdam - walking distance to museums, 15 minutes tram to the Central stationClean rooms with good size bathrooms. Very good service, including nice gestures like glass of champagne on arrivalBreakfast is includedPrice for value is reasonableYou always can discuss your needs with the staff - for example, they can book the shuttle to the airport or tickets for the excursions.Recommendations - book in advance.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>KLMORD
<Content>Won't Stay Anywhere Else While in Amsterdam I can't wait to return to the Hotel Fita. Large/Clean Rooms, free breakfast, WiFi, and calls including to US. Within walking distance to Rijks, Van Gogh, and tram lines that will take you to Centraal Station  Dam Square. Hans is an awesome host!.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Genings
<Content>As good as the reviews say We won't repeat the details in the previous reviews, but will just say that they are all true: this is a wonderful little hotel, absolutely spotlessly clean. Fine breakfast buffet. The location is spectacular, and the nearby #2 and 5 streetcars will take you everywhere (7-8 minute ride to within 4 blocks of the Anne Frank House, for example); we never waited more than 5 minutes for one. The Van Gogh museum is 75 yards away, and the Concertgebouw three blocks. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. One earlier review carped about the small elevator: yes, it's not large, but two people plus some luggage fit easily, and most hotels don't have an elevator at all. Among the other amenities: free laundry service. Just an outstanding value, all around.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ma2008BR
<Content>Loved This Place!!!!!       the wonderul reception!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patmel
<Content>Hotel Fita - One of Amsterdam's Best Kept Secrets! The Hotel Fita is a small, friendly, family owned and run hotel. It is situated in a small residential road 50 yards from the Van Gogh Museum and tram stops and 100 yards from the Rijksmuseum. Vondel Park, the Leidesplein and the Concertgebrou are all within a few minutes walking distance.Booking over the hotel's website was quick and easy followed by a short 'phone call to Loes (the owner) to finalise a few points.We arrived at the hotel before the official booking-in time but were pleased to find out that our room was cleaned and ready. The room was bright and very, very clean and the large bathroom was spotless and with the radiator turned on - always a bonus for me!The room had several extras such as a room safe, coffee maker, ceiling fan and a welcome glass of wine each.Loes and her team were all very knowledgeable and helpful about places of interest, museums, travel arrangements etc. Nothing was too much trouble.Another point, as the owners actually live at the hotel, we felt particularly safe.We stayed at the Fita ten years ago and will certainly stop there again - but this time we won't leave it ten year!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>siwaoasis
<Content>Best hotel in Amsterdam! We were 4 ladies in 2 rooms who stayed at this hotel for 15 nights. We received personal attention as the owners try their best to find what each of their guests wants to experience in Amsterdam and surrounding towns. All parts of this hotel were spotless and well cared for. Where else do amenities include free calls to the U.S. and free internet as well as a hot and cold breakfast daily? It made all of us feel good to stay in contact with our families on a regular basis. We were more than satisfied with our stay and will all recommend this hotel to anyone we know who will be staying in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wzb3
<Content>Loved this hotel!       Hotel Fita is a great place to stay!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hang
<Content>Lovely family owned hotel We stayed at the Hotel Fita for 3 nights. The room had 2 twin sized beds. The room itself was quite large, equal to US standards. The bathroom was also very large. The entire hotel was spotless. The breakfast was simple, but, tasty and ample. The staff, particularly the owners, were always very helpful. I will not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sanjuanisland
<Content>Great Stay Great little hotel. I was very happy with my stay and definately would stay again. It was clean with a nice breakfast. The hotel keepers were very knowledgeable with information. A reasonably priced nice hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>travelsome1
<Content>Great place to stay In April 2008, I spent four nights at Hotel Fita. I made reservations there based on the reviews I had read. I was not disappointed. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very good and was a wonderful way to start each day. As others mentioned, the rooms were relatively small, very clean and functional, but very sufficient for my purposes. I arrived after an overnight flight about 10 a.m. with the expectation that I would be able to leave my bags there since check-in wasn't until 3. My room was available so they let me check in right away and I was very thankful that they did as it allowed me to take a short nap and relax. I would be hard pressed to find a downside to this hotel, but the only one would be that they are located right next to a small playground that can get a little noisy during school hours. Thank you Hotel Fita for providing such excellent service and thank you to TripAdvisor for letting me know you exist!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sietie
<Content>Very comfortable stay at Hotel Fita We have just returned from a joint short break with our American friends in Hotel Fita. We were made to feel very welcome and comfortable. With free telephone (international and international), a splendid new coffee machine, free internet and coffee/tea making facilities in our room, this small family hotel provides more services than larger, more luxurious hotels. The location is excellent, with the Rijksmuseum at the end of the road, the Van Gogh museum around the corner and Concertgebouw within walking distance.The owner makes sure everyone is happy and provides tourist information for anyone who needs it.This was my third visit to the hotel, and I will certainly return again!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dipti29
<Content>A perfect hotel! My husband, 10 yr old son and I stayed here for two nights and found it to be an excellent location to explore Amsterdam. Half a block from the Van Gogh museum. We were able to buy our museum tickets here too - which got us quickly into the museum and past a block long line of people trying to buy tickets there. Beds were comfortable. Big bathroom with bathtub and rubber ducky. Breakfast, included, was very good with lots of variety: fruits, cheeses, eggs, pastries, good coffee and teas. Owners are very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>KittyvB
<Content>Wonderful, friendly hotel, excellent location Spent 3 nights in Hotel Fita for a business trip last week and have nothing but praise for this clean, friendly, quiet hotel. Staff - absolutely wonderful, very friendly, spoke excellent English, helpful with directions.Room - stayed in no.32, which was a double with a balcony overlooking the street. Very clean, simple decor, all amenities you could want, free international calls from the telephoneLocation - excellent, very close to a main tram line, near to lots of attractions, although everywhere in Amsterdam is pretty much in walking distance!Price - a little expensive, but April is peak tourist season and Amsterdam is an expensive city at the best of times. Friendly staff and location more than make up for this.All this, including lovely breakfast and free internet - would definitely recommend and hope to return on another visit.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCLW
<Content>Good, but put in perspective We stayed 3 nights some weeks back after reading rave reviews rich with detail. Agree wholeheartedly. But as just one reader noted: please put into perspective. Unless Amsterdam rooms are completely out of sync with other European cities, we thought ?50 was a lot, even with amenities like rubber ducks. Keep in mind, rooms are very fresh, but have the feel and charm of a (clean/new) character-less highway motel, complete with plastic soap dispensers, cups, etc. It's not the kind of room you settle into for a cozy weekend - it's very functional, period.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	5	2	3	

<Author>TexasTripper34
<Content>Hotel Fita is as Expected My wife and I stayed at Hotel Fita for 2 nights in March 2008. While brief, it was a great stay. Our room was a very good size, clean, and well kept. The hotel staff spoke great English, and was very receptive. The stairs are steep, but there is a lift for heavy baggage. Also, the hotel provided us museum tickets at regular price so that we could skip the line.The hotel is located directly behind a tram stop which makes it easy to get to/from central Amsterdam...less than 5 minutes. Breakfast is served daily from 7 - 8:30, which for us on vacation, was a little too early, so we didn't eat. We would stay at Hotel Fita again without hesitation. I found most of the reviews to be very accurate, and if you are looking for a quiet hotel in Amsterdam at a good value, this should be considered.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelIntl
<Content>Great hotel in a convenient location Hotel Fita is a wonderful small hotel. The rooms are clean and well equipped. Breakfast was delicious. All the staff are very friendly. It is located very close to the Van Gogh and Rijks Museums. A supermarket, shops and restaurants are nearby. It is easy to walk to attractions or take the tram.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lorreen
<Content>Best Place to Stay in Amsterdam I have stayed at the Hotel Fita four times in the last 2 years and I am coming back there again this May. I love the location, the breakfast, the staff - especially the owners - and the little extras like the rubber duckies. I recommend the Hotel Fita to all of my friends that are going to Amsterdam. The rooms are so clean - it is a real treat to stay here.Lorreen from Canada  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amber89
<Content>Best Place to Stay! Our expectations have been surpassed. We were received with the most friendly welcome of the hotel owners including a welcome drink and were also otherwise impeccably served. The rooms were very clean with a warm atmosphere. The free use of internet and telephone was an unexpected and pleasant surprise. There was a rich choice at the breakfast buffet and the fresh pressed orange juice gave us the boost for the day. Furthermore the hotel is located at a fantastic spot, just next to the van Gogh and the Rijks Museum, and downtown Amsterdam is in short walking distance. We herewith thank the staff for their kind attention and would love to once again return to the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BryanWSU
<Content>Fita is a uniformly wonderful hotel. The owners and staff are friendly and helpful without being intrusive. The property is immaculate, comfortable and perfectly situated near Museum Plein and Vondel Park. Breakfasts are amazingly diverse and well prepared. And the large, well laid-out rooms have extremely comfortable beds and great, roomy baths. All this and free internet and long-distance telephone calls too!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScottNewHampshire
<Content>Loved the Fita My wife and I spent three nights at the Hotel Fita in March 2008. The hotel staff were fantastic, helpful and pleasant. We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Amsterdam.The hotel is located within a five minute walk to the Van Gogh and Rijks Museums as well as a 10 minute walk to the Leidsplein, where a variety of stores, shops, restaurants are located.There is a tram stop almost directly behind the hotel. Easy access to the entire city. We did walk from the Fita all the way to the center of the city within 30 minutes.Beautiful, accesible and friendly, we will definately travel again to the Fita and to wonderful Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>allzzz
<Content>Loved amsterdam fantastic hotel and staff vey good b/fast The hotel is on one of the best roads in amsterdam ,great for the van goth gallery and museums. with very friendly staff and management.the building is beautiful outside, and very comfortable inside,our bedroom was lovely ,with a very smart bathroom with lots of piping hot water. Our stay was near perfect and we wuold not only love to return to amsterdam soon but would definately stay at the Fita welldone Hans and LoesALAN  TONI MURRELL LONDON  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GeeBee26
<Content>This is a great little hotel If you want friendly efficient service close to the centre of Amsterdam then this is the only hotel to choose. From the moment my wife and I arrived at Hotel Fita we felt cared-for and the owner welcomed us with smiles and a lovely introduction to his family-run hotel. He also gave us some immediate advice about where to eat at 8.00pm - the time of our arrival. The cleanliness of the hotel and the polite, gentle and friendly staff made us feel special. Breakfasts were a great start to the day and nothing was too much trouble for the waitresses. Bonus items at Hotel Fita included free access to the internet and a laundry service. Now that's something else these days. There's also a lift to all floors for those that need help of this nature. Access to the hotel is by a card which does not intefere with staff duties. The Hotel Fita will be recommended to all our travelling friends.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>antiquehound
<Content>A really nice place to stay We selected the Hotel Fita based on recommendations from Tripadvisor. We just returned from a four night stay in Amsterdam. The hotel was easy to find and centrally located. We were given a warm welcome and our room was very clean and quiet. The room was large by european standards and the bathroom was also large. We had all the hot water and strong water preasure along with a large soaking bathtub. Breakfast was very nice with a good assortment to choose from. Try the scrambled eggs! The free international telephone call service was flawless and we also had access to a computer for the internet. We had all of the museums close by and even enjoyed an evening at the symphony which was a short walk from the hotel. The trolly stoped at all the city center but we walked the entire city from the hotel. It's a really nice place to stay and would recommend the Hotel Fita! We will stay there on our next visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChrissieKent
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Fita!!!! Travelled with my family for a short break to amsterdam when we arrived to the hotel we got a lovely welcome from the staff , i found they were very helpful with hints of things that we could do around the city from renting bicyles to pre-booking our museum tickets.. Room was cosy and had everything we needed. The breakfasts were basic but tasty and a good start of the day.I would definitely come back and stay in Hotel Fita and i would recommend it. Its a great location for central amsterdam  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Drakken
<Content>Nice stay at Hotel Fita       Front desk and stairwell  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tara3056
<Content>We loved the Hotel Fita!! The Hotel Fita is a wonderful hotel that I highly recommend! It located in the Museum District, and you can walk to either the Rijksmuseum or the Van Gogh Museum in less than 5 minutes. I sure it not as centrally located as some might prefer, but we had no problem walking ?or bicycling (fun!) ?into the most central part of the city, up to Centraal station, and back again. And the beautiful, peaceful, tree-covered streets with quaint canals made me appreciate that we weren entirely in the thick of things. The hotel room itself was very pleasant ?plenty large enough; we never felt like we were tripping over our luggage. The bathroom was *huge* and spotlessly clean. Just outside our door was a computer terminal with internet that any of the hotel guests could use for free, and down the hall, was the breakfast room. The breakfasts were quite nice ?not terribly large or varied but still very good and much-appreciated, and the best part was the fresh-squeezed orange juice that the owner made for each guest. All of the hotel workers were extremely nice and eager to help in any way they could. Upon check-in, the front desk worker showed us the room and offered her assistance with anything we needed, then left, only to return several minutes later with 2 glasses of sparkling wine and a bowl of nuts to snack on. So, so very nice and thoughtful! The free laundry service was another perk. We just told someone we love to take advantage of that offer, expecting they tell us where to find the washer and dryer so we could wash our clothes, but instead, they told us to leave our clothes in a bag outside our door and they would be returned to us later that day, clean. We felt a bit badly, because we had about a week worth of laundry that needed to be done (we were in the middle of a month-long European vacation), but it couldn be helped, and after all, we *had* chosen to stay there ?in part ?specifically because of the laundry service. Oh, and I almost forgot one of the biggest perks: free phone calls to anywhere in the world! We loved having the chance to speak with our families, to let them know everything was going okay. So, in short: the free phone calls, free internet, and free laundry service were what made us pick Hotel Fita to begin with, but the location and friendliness of the staff, as well as the general comfort of the room/bathroom, were what pushed it onto our Extremely Highly Recommended list! Before coming to Amsterdam, I hadn't expected to fall in love with it. I was *excited* about our other destinations (London, Paris, Rome, Venice, Loire Valley) but just couldn't get 'pumped up' about Amsterdam. How wrong I was! I fell in complete and total love with this small, beautiful, and most of all friendly city, even preferring it over every other destination but my first-and-always love, Paris. And part of the reason why was this hotel. I absolutely cannot wait to return to Amsterdam (and am, in fact, next year!).  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madqdog
<Content>Simply Great This hotel is simple but exceptional. Assiduously non-smoking (don't even THINK about it), quiet, in the highly desirable Museumplein, one block from the Van Gogh, Hotel Fita is a true value in an expensive European City.The staff, led by Hans, is fabulous. They are attentive to detail, breakfasts are excellent, and the conversation is delightful Dutch... direct, intelligent, humorous, and respectful. Recommendations for dining close by are top rate.While this was our first visit, it surely will not be our last, for we have found our home in Amsterdam  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dollySanFrancisco
<Content>great hotel My husband and I spent three comfortable nights at Hotel Fita this November, 2007. We were totally satisfied with all aspects. Our room, single deluxe, was large, perfectly clean, well appointed, and very comfortable. Closet space was most adequate. We very much appreciated the free access to the telephone for calls worldwide, as well as the free internet service. The staff was most friendly and helpful. Location is about as good as it gets. The Van Gogh Museum is less than a half block away as is the Reij Museum and the tram service. The area is quiet and has fabulous shopping and restaurant within minutes of a walk. We had the pleasure of meeting the proprietor of the hotel at breakfast one morning. We so very much enjoyed our chat with him and he gave us some excellent suggestions for dinners nearby. We hope to visit Amsterdam again, and will certainly make every effort to stay at Hotel Fita. Not to forget to mention that the plentiful and excellent breakfast is included in a very attractive room price. Perhaps, I should also mention that this is a small hotel (16 rooms) and that gives you a more intimate feeling, void of the impersonal feeling of the large hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HorseLovinDee
<Content>Pleasant stay Nice, quiet, small family run hotel. We stayed in a spacious double deluxe room (#32) on the top floor facing the front street. Room had a nice veranda. Rooms are kept very clean. Kids playing in the playground across the street make a good amount background noise during the day, but you're gone most of the day anyhow. Only problem..hotel is supposed to be no smoking, but I guess they don't enforce it. Someone nearby was regularly smoking either in their room or in the hallways and the smell seeped into our room from under the door. Solved by putting a towel at the bottom of the door. Nice breakfast is served for guests. Would definitely stay at the Fita again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WidleyTraveller
<Content>Second visit to Hotel Fita and its still a great place to stay This was my second visit to Amsterdam and yet again to the Hotel Fita. I can certainly recommend it on all counts. The rooms are clean, well appointed and include a safe. Breakfasts are good and smell wonderful. The area is safe and one road away from the Amsterdam equivalent of Bond Street in London eg Pieter Cornelisz Hooft Straat (eg Cartier, Chanel etc). We ate at the nearby restaurants L'Entrecote et les dames (Van Baerlestraat) and the Hard Rock Cafe (Leidesplein). Sadly, the service from one older waitress at L'Entrecote et les dames was not very good and despite pre-booking a table for 9 she got very flustered and had to be calmed down by a younger staff member - otherwise the food was excellent.The Hotel Fita also has free phone calls to the UK  USA and wireless internet plus a internet point by the breakfast room - all free. The staff were incredibly helpful and I can certainly recommend it. Parking outside is generally possible but not cheap. Using a nearby car park such as 'Byzantine' by Leidesplein would be my recommendation but this time we had a minibus that wouldn't fit under the barrier!!When I next stay in Amsterdam it will definitely be at the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Drut
<Content>Hotel Fita is a handy        Hotel Fita Room  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuperDosa
<Content>Will recommend it. We stayed here for one night as part of a quick weekend trip to Amsterdam, and used Tripadvisor to narrow down choosing a hotel from the 100's available. Overall, was happy with the hotel. Positives were that it was very very clean, polite and helpful staff, nice location close to the Van Gogh Museum (they gave us discounted tickets as well), free breakfast included which was good and free international calls (really). Also had a free computer with an internet connection which allowed us to check in online for our flight. Only negatives are as follows and are minor - 1) our room was on the lower floor and while initially I was worried of being to close to the street etc, it wasnt that noisy the next morning...perhaps as it was a sunday. 2) In the bathroom, instead of providing hand soaps they had a liquid soap dispenser which wasnt that good (will recommend taking your own soap). The shower pressure was excellent though. Please note that as we were here for only one night we had different expectations as we werent planning on staying in the hotel all that much and wanted to walk around taking in all the sights - we were very content with the time we did though including sleeping. Will recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MissLister
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed 2 nights in the double deluxe room. We were very impressed by the large room with a lovely balcony. Hans greeted us warmly and was extremely helpful. Everything super clean. Great location, loved everything. We will definitely book again when we return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>peanutsrio
<Content>Very disappointed with room and bed Although we agree that this is a very well located hotel, with clean rooms and free laundry service, my wife and I were very disappointed with our stay. In our opinion it is very overrated and what we got was not what we expected based on the information on the site. We booked this hotel for 4 nights because of the reviews, hoping for something special and what we encountered was not at all what we expected. We booked the double deluxe room based on the image on the website - only to be told when we arrived that not all the deluxe rooms have a veranda, they are only deluxe because of size. The onwer couldn`t move us to one with a veranda, and admitted that the image on the website had led to this sort of problem before, and said he was going to change it.. One month later, the image remains the same.We were also diappointed with the bed. From the images, the other rooms clearly have two singles made up together, but the deluxe one looks like a double bed - but our room had 2 single beds made up separately and pushed togerther. Not what you expect at 160 euros a night! We think that the veranda and bed issue should have been clarified with us in the email communications before we finalised the booking. We certainly would not have booked the deluxe room if we had known. Lesson learnt: confirm every detail before finalising a booking - don't rely on the information/images on the website.One other thing, both my wife and I found the beds terrible for our backs - we both found them uncomfortable and left us with back pains in the morning. As soon as we went on to the next city and different accomodation these back problems went away.Apart from the very friendly girl who gave us a lot of information when we arrived , it was not easy to get advice about museums, trips etc, as reception was always empty and you had to speak to the owner on the telephone - but he seemed a little impatient and we found we got better help from the internet. It was useful having access to a computer on the internet, and also one other good thing was that local calls from thehotel room were free.We returned to Amsterdam a week later for 2 nights before flying back to Brazil and this time stayed 2 nights in Hotel Ibis and a much cheaper rate, and had a lovely double bed, which was good for our backs, and we wished we had stayed the other nights there. The tram service is very good for getting to the museums etc. We will not be staying in Hotel Fita again when we return to Amsterdam - and return we will, because it is a beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>Sidney2007
<Content>A fine stay I booked the hotel based on the glowing reviews from travelers. Yes, the hotel is in a great location (nice neighborhood - close to trams and museums), very-very-very clean and comfortable. Good breakfast, free internet/calls/laundry all very convenient.The only negative thing is the fact that in the lower rooms you can hear early in the AM the screaming kids running around the courtyard from the school next door . Furthermore I keep reading about the friendly owners and yes, Hans is very friendly and warm but all our dealings with one particular lady (I assume the wife of the owner) were not very pleasant - she was curt and not very friendly towards us...maybe she was having a bad couple of days. All in all - I recommend Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TheAnxiousTravelers
<Content>A small, wonderful hotel in the Museumplein area of Amsterdam. A great place to stay especially if you want quick access to the Rijks and/or Van Gogh museums.Hans and Loes de Rapper offer great hospitality and careful attention to detail.Public transportation is close at hand.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wandring_star
<Content>Small touches and friendly service make the difference. A really nice experience. I was travelling with family and as it was our first time in Amsterdam it was nice to have a friendly welcome from the hotel. The service does make all the difference in this hotel, and did make a very enjoyable stay. The location is also great. It was very close to Vondelpark, Leidseplein and the museums. On the negative side the hotel itself and the rooms are fairly smally.There are no public areas (which can make waiting for a taxi in a small party wuite awkward) and no bar which would have been nice.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>amira1001
<Content>extremely pleasant stay We were quite pleased with our stay at Hotel Fita. The owners were organized and knowledgeable about the city, offering us museum discounts and offering advice about points of interest with directions and maps.The rooms were clean, comfortable with the added bonus of free wireless and laundry done gratis...Breakfast was adequate... overall a good location and well pricedC. LoewensteinNew York  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eurotrip_7
<Content>Location is everything The Hotel Fita makes you feel at home and Hans and staff like close relatives. For a reasonable price you get a room that is clean along with that snug as a bug comfort. Location is everything and the Hotel Fita is perfectly located with easy walking distance to museums, sights, shopping and fine restaurants. Easy access to transportion takes you to Central Station in minutes. We enjoyed our stay as Hotel Fita made it special.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annajustine
<Content>very nice experience at the Fita I spent the last 2 nights at the Fita Hotel.It was a very warm and pleasant experience.The owner knew I was in Amsterdam to work, and that I worked at night and needed sleep in the mornings.He gave me a quiet room which was very comfortable, with a big new bathroom including a huge tub to soak in. I was able to rest very well at the Fita. I also appreciated the free phone calls to Europe and the US.The only thing was that I missed breakfast, which ended at 9 30( 10 at week-ends), but that's just a minor quibble in otherwise a thoroughly relaxing stay.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dandy2007
<Content>Loved the Fita Hotel! We were 4 Aussie couples who were spending the last few days of a five week holiday in Amsterdam. We were delighted with our choice of Hotel Fita. On arrival the owner Hans greeted us with some peach cider and nibbles. A very nice touch. The hotel was in a quiet location,yet handy to trams  museums. Our romms were clean, and spacious with a large bathroom , an ironing board  iron, tea  coffee making facilities , writing desk, and two comfy chairs. Everything a traveller could want. Breakfasts were good, fresh orangeg juice, fruit, cereal, cheeses, toast, and cooked breakfast. Hans was only too happy to give advice on what to do and where to go and our group were very happy with his individual recommendations. Four of us had a late flight home and for an extra fee were were able to secure a room for a late check out. We were given fresh towells, making the prospect of our long haul home to Australia easier.Only imporvementI could suggest: Australians do not like powdered milk in the tea. Fresh is best!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosstheboss
<Content>Very Good Hotel Forgot to do this review but just got back from another city break in Paris so here goes...Lovely hotel, lovely staff, fizzy wine on arrival, had a ground level room which was strange (watching peoples feet usually is!!) but very clean and respectable. Cracking breakfast. Its in a nice quiet location and please walk around the corner to the van goch museum and take an audio tour, its fab!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Jolinda
<Content>Loved The Hotel Fita My husband and I just returned from a three week vacation in Europe and had the pleasure of staying one week at the wonderful Hotel Fita in Amsterdam. Upon our arrival we were offered a welcome drink from the owner himself, Hans, who is a very funny and entertaining fellow. This hotel is in a beautiful location, close to all the museums and within walking distance to everything. They also sell tickets to most museums at a discount. The staff is very friendly and helpful with any questions or recommendations to make your stay in Amsterdam very pleasant. The hotel offers free internet and phone calls (just do not take advantage) and a very nice buffet breakfast. Most hotel rooms in Europe are very small, but we had a nice size medium double room, large bathroom, small balcony, overall very comfortable. We absolutely loved the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam and will definitely stay there again on our next trip to Amsterdam. We have been to Amsterdam on several occasions and I must say the Hotel Fita is the best hotel we have visited.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerBrighton
<Content>Fine hotel My wife and I found the Hotel Fita to be excellent. A very warm welcome and personal service from a charming host/owner. The hotel is ideally situated for the major museums and concert hall.The hotel was spotlessly clean and the rates were reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>BlueSkies510
<Content>Great Hotel, Nice Staff       Hotel Fita  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoooz
<Content>Hotel Fita After reading the reviews, I was excited about my upcoming visit to Amsterdam. Yes the hotel is run by super friendly people, yes the breakfast is good, yes the free internet and phone calls are definitely a perk, yes the free laundry is a luxury and the location to a couple of trams is great. The only thing I would say is that the room felt a bit that for a family run hotel, there could be a little more charm and or character. The bathrooms (large in size) have soap dispensers on the wall, same with the shower. There is no shampoo provided which I was prepared for but it would have been a nice touch. We were in a room on the bottom floor which faced a school. This wasn't a problem because we were out site seeing when school let out but it was a concern at first. Don't get me wrong, I have traveled extensively so I know what is out there. I guess it was just a little hyped up. Overall is was a good hotel and we got a great deal. It's just hard because we came from such a charming BB in Brugge that I can't help but compare.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MooseTracks
<Content>We made the right choice...       Double Medium Room  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>bigbertha707
<Content>The Right way, the Dutch way One thing to keep in mind about the Dutch is that if you are ever invited into the home of a Dutch person, than this is usually considered a very special thing. I was taught that this kind of invitation means you are considered a friend, and friendship is usually not taken lightly with the Dutch. It is typically a long process. At Hotel Fita, i felt as though i was invited into a Dutch home and treated as a friend. And in reality, you are coming into the home of the owners Hans and Loes de Rapper. They own and run the hotel. The hotel was very clean and quite spacious considering it is a renovated large house. The hotel is located in the perfect position, only a hop away from the Van Gogh Museum. When greeted by Loes, she was very quick to give us a map and outline the major points of the city. And even though i had already been to Amsterdam 5 times, she introduced me to something new that i had never done before.After showing us to our room, and despite being very busy with other guest, she came to greet us further by offering us a welcome to Amsterdam drink. It was the perfect start to a wonderful weekend!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robert-J
<Content>Fine family run Hotel Hotel Fita is NOT a 5 star de luxe Hotel; it is a fine small (16 bedrooms, 29 beds) hotel owned and managed by Hans and Loes de Rapper. Our room (No 32) was large, pleasantly furnished with flat screen TV, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, tea and coffee making equipment and overlooked a quiet street.Breakfasts were good with a help yourself collection of several cereals and muesli, bacon and scrambled eggs, cheeses, and a range of breads, rolls, croissants etc.Free telephone calls (to anywhere), free laundery (collected at breakfast time, delivered to your room by late afternoon), free internet, discounted tickets to the van Gogh and Reichsmuseums are all very useful.The Hotel is very conveniently located for these museums and also for bus and tram services around Amsterdam.One solitary drawback for the elderly and infirm are the dozen steps from the street up to reception.Otherwise a fine, friendly hotel  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sbduo
<Content>A wonderful stay at the Fita Stayed 6 nights at this well located hotel. The staff was very helpful to us and the breakfast was great! The room was small (we would get a larger one next time), the bathroom well appointed, clean and large and everything was spotless. We would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cheshireguy
<Content>great breakfast,quiet location This is a true gem of a Hotel. Very quiet location, yet close to all the major attractions, and a minute away from the Van Goch Museum, with a discounted ticket too bought from the hotel.Fantastic breakfast, scrambled egg  bacon, and with superb breads. I always stay in this Hotel in Amsterdam, it never fails, totally clean, and run in a courteous manner by the owners.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JWBoston
<Content>A very good hotel We spent 5 nights in the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam. Both the room and the bathroom were large, one of their largest but still large by any small hotel standard, and simply but nicely furnished. The beds were comfortable. We had two twins pushed together like a king but with separate covers. I did notice that there was a real king size bed in another room. Breakfast buffet was included with the room and was pretty good, with nice pastries, eggs, bacon, cereal, fruit, juice, and coffee or tea. This is not a luxury hotel but it is comfortable. The hotel offers free phone calls within Europe and to the US (Really!) and free WIFI or use of their computer.The hosts, the de Rappers are very nice, accommodating people. They are happy to provide information and book activities and excursions, but they also told us not to waste our money on some things, like a dinner canal cruise. The location is excellent, very close to the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseums and the Concertgebouw. From here it is easy to get around the city by foot, bicycle, tram and canal bus (for tourists only, but a good way to get your bearings and get to attractions).The only drawbacks were that 1) the hotel entrance is several steep steps up from the street and they do not have staff to help carry luggage (Hans deRapper helped me with my heavy bag). There is an elevator in the hotel so it's just a matter of getting your things in. 2) The bathroom has minimal toiletries with only liquid soap for both hand washing and showering/bathing. If you stay there, bring your own soap, shampoo and washcloth. The towels were adequate but there was only one hand and one bath towel each and they were not luxury linens. I'm sure that we could have gotten more if we asked, but we didn't really need them.We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhyllidaToronto
<Content>Just lovely       Hotel Fita  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MacAsia
<Content>Superb Hotel with Holland Charm I booked the hotel because of the reviews of Tripadvisor members and I was not disappointed. The hotel has a fantastic European Charm. The hotel staff (although I did not meet the friendly owners like other members) were excellent. They were very accomodating in answering our questions, booking taxis, doing our laundry. True professionals.I stayed in the twin room, it had cable tv (plasma screen), wireless internet connection (free), en suite with bath/shower, access to iron and ironing board. The two beds were put together so it is small but manageable and to be fair the location for this hotel is excellent.The small details are great, the chocolates upon arrival, the welcome drink, the parting gift. Loved it. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Baltimorons
<Content>Great location, great stay My husband and I stayed at Hotel Fita from 8/4 - 8/9 and never once regretted our decision. Never having visited Amsterdam, I did a lot of research before making the reservation. Hotel Fita's location was absolutely perfect for us: a half block from the Van Gogh museum, two blocks from the Rijksmuseum, and the next street parallel is full of fabulous high-end shopping, sprinkled with traditional souvenir shops, where we found everything we needed to bring home to friends and family. The hotel is also a short stroll to the Leidsplein where the real action begins! When you've had enough, wander back to Jan Luykenstraat where all is peaceful and quiet.Another reason we chose this hotel was for the included breakfast. A wonderful selection of scrambled eggs, bacon, pastries, healthy cereals, fruit and yogurt and of course, fabulous coffee to get you going for the day. During breakfast the owner and his devoted staff of really nice girls will answer any questions about the area as well as offer tips on places you might not otherwise hear about. When he found out we were planning a trip to The Hague, Hans turned us on to the Panorama Mesdag, a fascinating 360 mural of the local beachscape. Another morning one of his employees hopped on the internet to help us find our way to the local castle, Muidenslot. My husband had been working in the Netherlands the week before I joined him and was in need of fresh laundry. How convenient to have free laundry service! Face it, the rooms are traditional European style. You are not going to find jacuzzis and hot tubs in historic buildings such as Hotel Fita's. If that's what you want, stay in the suburbs. But Hotel Fita is in a great location, offers wonderful customer service, and provides a quiet, comfortable and secure place to stay. Combine that with free laundry, free internet and international phone service (my husband didn't belive me!) and a fabulous free breakfast, and you have a terrific little hotel. And if you behave yourself you get a goodie bag when you leave! How cool is that?  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NM43
<Content>Great Hotel       Desk and closet.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Chris_at_large
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location This was a nice place to stay with a great hotel staff. Everyone from the owners to the women who managed the breakfast room and the front desk and did the laundry were very professional and nice. That made a big difference. We were greeted at the door by our hostess and given welcoming glasses of white wine. Very nice detail. All areas of the hotel are very clean and well maintained. The hotel offers a 20% discount on museum tickets and it is located a stone throw from the Museumplein and the Van Gogh Museum (great to visit on Friday night when it is open late) and the Rijksmuseum (also wonderful). Breakfast was served ina nice breakfast room with excellent coffee, eggs, bacon, fresh juice, cheese cold cuts, pastries, wonderful yogurt and jams and jellies, ceral, and fruit. It was the same both mornings we were there. I greatly appreciated the free laundry service (drop off a pile of dirty clothes and they are returned washed and dried to your room at the end of the day!) and the free internet terminal.A couple of things that might disappoint one in a hotel with these rates were the lack of an air conditioner in our east-facing room and that our double consisted of two twin beds pushed together. There was a very nice ceiling fan which was OK with me, but the room which was bright during the day was a bit stuffy for that reason--cool at night though. Overall, I was very happy to stay at the Fita Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. The atmosphere is very positive at this hotel and the small disappointments were more than compensated by the positives. My wife and I would happily stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sparks07
<Content>Nice Hotel but We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Fita but perhaps were expecting too much after reading all the raving reviews. No doubt it is a great location: quiet, in a residential area and with easy access to the tram. The room we had was very basic , clean and large enough. Our room was classified as a double deluxe but are not sure about the deluxe. The two twin beds pushed together to form a double were very tiny and the side tables, attached to the headboard were right against the bed, leaving little room for error. On one side, the table is quite high and we had to place a pillow against its edge so that if you turned over and hit it, you would not injure your head or arm.  The owners are lovely people, and very friendly. If you dealt directly with them you got great service. Our bathroom did not have soap in the dispenser, the iron and the kettle did not work or perhaps it was the electrical plugs (hard to tell). Although we mentioned it to the girl on desk, these were never attended to so we used our own soap and did without an iron or kettle. We had been told that there was an iron on another floor but having to look for it was not worth it and the deluxe room is meant to have an iron in it - part of the deluxe feature, I believe. There is little flexibility here. Although we requested a certain type of room, we did not get it. This is quite understandable as it is a small hotel and very busy. However, the girl at the desk did indicate she would add a note and move us if something came available. One right next door came available later but we were not moved even though the people who took it only stayed one night. They could have put them in our room and given us our request for the last night. I guess it was too much trouble.  The breakfast was very good but perhaps not for more than two days as it is always the same. Hot foods were scrambled eggs (very good) and bacon. Then breads, cold cereal, yogurt and fruit salad. It ended at 9:30 and toward the end, things like croissants were gone so best get there early enough. The coffee was great, (freshly brewed) as was the orange juice. The atmosphere was pleasant and very friendly. I think we were spoiled by large buffet breakfasts with amazing selections that were included at our previous hotel which was about 35Euros less than Fita.  The connexxion which was recommended to us by the hotel must of had some off days as it took forever for us to get to the hotel from the airport. They got us a taxi van because the conexxion was so late. The driver took forever to get himself organized, did not seem to recognize hotel names, needed addresses to the hotels from his passengers and had to use a map to locate the hotels. Some of the passengers had been waited over an hour and this added confusion took its toll . On the return trip Conexxion was late picking us up. Although it was only about 20 - 25 minutes late, thoughts that it could be an hour made us quite anxious about getting to the airport on time. I would recommend a taxi if you have a few people as the conexxion rate is per person or the tram would be a better option. On the whole we enjoyed our stay and the owners are wonderful people - kind and friendly and we feel badly having to mention some of these points but it is important for readers to know what to expect. This is what tripadvisor is about. Keep in mind that even at these prices (160 Euro a night) this is a budget hotel. If that is what you expect, this is a great choice for you. But if you are looking for a bit more then perhaps looking further would be a good idea. I think the rooms here are all quite different and therefore the experience might be as well.  The best part of it was the owners. If this is important to you, then you will love this place. We were more interested in getting out and about and then having a nice place to relax after a day of activity and having a breakfast that would be enough to carry us through a busy day. I guess, it is true, different strokes for different folks. We enjoyed our stay but were expecting more.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sewkap
<Content>Fabulous location! This was a perfect choice! Having stayed at Dam Square before, we really appreciated the quiet and the excellent location of Hotel Fita. It took us a minute to become accustomed to the style --- very non-intrusive --- but no time to learn to love the breakfast. This hotel is a block from the Van Gogh Museum and several tram lines. Buy the I Amsterdam card, and you can sail around the city, returning to your ultra-clean (how Dutch!) room at the Fita.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>shorefolk
<Content>Should be ranked as the #1 hotel in Amsterdam! We stayed at this lovely hotel in late June for a three night pre-cruise stay. We had no problems with making online reservations and several questions we had were answered quickly. We used the recommended Connexxion Airport Shuttle which deposited us at the front steps of this quaint facility.We stayed in room 32, a deluxe double room which was large by European standards and was immaculate. The room had a small balcony and overlooked an elementary school. This retired teacher loved watching the cute Dutch children arrive on various types of parent powered bikes. The community was very quiet with ATM's within a five minute walk as well as several restaurants which proved to be good. It was very close to several museums and a stop for the Canal Bus, which we rode for hours on one rainy afternoon.Hans was the perfect host who quickly fell in love with my wife's New York accent. He provided us with a fantastic breakfast each morning which was staffed by charming college students . The free telephone calls back to Maryland and the free Internet use were welcomed pluses, as well as having our laundry done for free!Our visit ended with Hans calling a private taxi for us to go to the pier.After a flawless stay, I can't see any hotel being cleaner and the staff more friendly than at the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lara_MM
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in a great location I stayed at Hotel Fita for two nights in late June 2007. I was traveling alone as I was working in Europe for a month and needed a break. This hotel was the perfect place! I was warmly greeted when I arrived by the owner Hans who was very interesting and entertaining. I was worried about my safety, being alone at night etc, and Hans put me at ease right away. He gave me the right advice and was very helpful. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very hospitable. The breakfasts were great, in fact the scrambled eggs might be the best I have ever eaten. Hans was a great host, he made me feel very comfortable and was very interested in what I had been doing on my trip. He recommended that I attend the Symphony, and I am very glad I did because it was a memorable event.I had a great time while in Amsterdam. In addition to all that the city has to offer (coffee shops and tulips), the cultural activities were very rich, I would take advantages of the museums and musical events.I would highly recommend Hotel Fita and would return on my next trip.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flyguy405
<Content>Wonderful Stay Stayed for 4 nights 27 Jun-1 Jul. Arrived early (9am) and dropped bags off, Hans provided some tips for killing time. Came back at 3pm room was available. Stayed in rm 14, 1st flr corner with windows and a huge bathroom with bath/shower. Very clean and spacious (for Europe) room. True to other reviews, the nuts and sparkling wine showed up 5 mins after getting to the room. A very nice touch of class. The Hotel staff was wonderful and non-intrusive. Wonderful breakfast with great coffee and Cream!!!, bread, cheese bacon/eggs, pastries cereal and the fresh squeezed OJ. On departure we had to leave before breakfast was servered and the hotel accomodated us with an early sitting at breakfast. The hotel is within 2 blocks of Museums and a 1/4 mile to the Canals and shopping/eating. Great location. Just overall very pleased with this hotel. Thanks Hans, Loes and the rest of the Fita Team. BTW, Left 68 degree weather for 114 degrees in Arizona.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mostrip
<Content>great hotel My family booked rooms for three night at the Fita. The rooms were large, clean. The neighborhood was great we were close to the museums and out of the wild night life but close enough that we could easily walk there when we wanted to. They had a great breakfast room downstairs with fruit, pastries, cheese, cereals, fresh squeezed orange juice, coffee and tea. Hans was down there every morning to answer all of our questions and give us tips on where to go and what to do. Hans is a delightful character that loves to answer questions and will do your laundry for free. He will not fold them, but you have to remember it's for free. This probably the best small hotel I have ever stayed at in my life. I highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>McLeanVA
<Content>Highly Recommended Our family thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Fita. The location was perfect -- away from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam but steps away from the museums (Van Gogh and and Rijksmuseum), restaurants (Leidesplein) and upscale shopping. The rooms were spacious and spotless. Hans and Loes were the perfect hosts -- pointing us in the right direction for good restaurants and sightseeing. Most importantly, they made us feel comfortable in their hotel. There is no question that Hotel Fita will be our first choice on a return trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>simpsonap
<Content>Good location, good overall value Hotel Fita was conveniently located near Vondelpark (which is fantastic), a few key museums and plenty of food options. Not to mention the nearby tram stops if you prefer - however we walked everywhere (about 20 minutes to Dam Square). The room was simple, basic, clean and quite large for Europe - we were in a deluxe. Breakfast was good, and Hans and Loes were very helpful with directions and advice. The free laundry, int'l phone calls (to the U.S.) and internet were huge perks - laundry was done (well) in less than 24 hours!! The elevator was tiny and stairs narrow - but it wasn't a problem.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>otterco
<Content>Great service, staff, location My wife and I stayed at Hotel Fita in Amsterdam on Sat-Sun, June 9-10  was very impressed by the hotel and its staff. Check-in and check-out were very easy and quick  the two staff members I dealt with went out of their way to make sure our stay was as comfortable as possible.The breakfast was great: eggs, bacon, cereal, orange juice, coffee, cheese, pastries, bread. The included laundry service and international phone calls are definitely a plus.Hotel Fita may look a bit outside the city if you're looking on a map of Amsterdam but it is only a 5-10 minute walk (completely safe) to the Leidsplein, where things go on all the time. Plus, both the Van Gogh Museum and Reijksmuseum and Vondelpark are probably a 2-5 minute walk from the hotel.One thing I wasn't aware of, though: there is no air conditioner in the room, but that's typical of European hotels and made no difference in our stay or comfort level. Also, the room we stayed in had a ceiling fan, which was nice. The bed and sheets were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spotless and everything worked fine--plenty of hot water and in-room facilities. Hair dryer, wireless net access, etc. Nice flat screen TV as well.One thing to note, in the interest of full disclosure (I didn't see this mentioned in other reviews): there is a school or daycare on the same block and kids run around a lot during the day (we left on a Monday morning and this was the only day we saw/heard this). Probably not an issue for tourists but if you planned to sleep late during your stay it might affect you. Just putting it out there...Take the Connexxion shuttle from Schipol -- we were dropped off second from the airport (maybe a 10-15 minute ride). The Hotel Fita staff gladly reserves your trip back in advance for you. No need for a cab.Another thing I didn't see mentioned is that there is a long street a block away from Hotel Fita that contains a lot of high-end shops, restaurants, cafes, etc. Plenty to see and do in the nice, secure, and quiet neighborhood around the hotel. This is definitely a plus, especially when you consider how crazy things get in the Leidsplein and Central Station areas in the evenings. it was nice to be in the craziness during the day and be a very short walk away to nearly total quiet at the Hotel Fita.I completely recommend Hotel Fita and would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skipper050
<Content>Excellent stay at Hotel Fita We stayed at the Hotel Fita for nine nights in May 2007. Loes warmly greeted us on arrival at the hotel and was extremely helpful throughout our stay. All the staff members were courteous and helpful. Breakfast was always good and helped to get each day off to a great start. Hans was friendly and obviously likes to keep breakfast time a lively event. We stayed in two different rooms and both were lovely. Having our laundry done for us was a real time saver and free phone calls to Canada enabled us to keep in touch with family. It was always nice to come back to the Hotel Fita, located in the quieter museum area of Amsterdam, after a long day of sightseeing in the busier areas. Staying at the Hotel Fita was a pleasant experience for us.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShhToronto
<Content>Delightful stay at the Fita! Just returned from a six night stay at the Fita. We were warmly greeted by Loes who brought glasses of wine to our room after check in. She and Hans have gone to great lengths to ensure that their guests are treated to a wide variety of amenities. Our double deluxe room was spotless, spacious, and had a balcony and huge bathroom. The added touches to ensure our comfort included an umbrella, kettle and coffee, tea and hot chocolate, an ironing board and iron and ceiling fan in the room, with free internet and long distance phone calls and laundry. Their rates include city taxes and an outstanding breakast buffet.Fresh squeezed orange juice, bacon and eggs, croissants, sweet rolls, buns and toast, cheese, fresh fruit, Hans' homemade jams, fresh fruit salad, yogurt and fresh ground coffee start the day.Following the owners lead, the staff is friendly, accommodating, and professional. Our little duck is now in our home bathroom, and Hans' jam will be enjoyed next breakfast.The hotel web site is an honest depiction of the Fita. We loved it and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ggreen
<Content>Loved the Hotel Fita!!! We stayed at the Hotel Fita for four nights and were very pleased with our accommdations. Our room was spacious and clean with a nice balcony overlooking the lovely tree-lined street. (It was very quiet except when the children were playing in the school yard across the street which was actually fun to watch.) As everyone else has said, the location is ideal. Breakfasts were really good!! We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>journeydog
<Content>Fita is just right We booked Hotel Fita based on TripAdvisor reviews. We got exactly what we imagined. Hotel Fita is a great little hotel. While the furnishings are basic, our room was clean and the beds comfortable. The breakfast was ample and delicious - especially the fresh sqeezed OJ. The hotel is located on a quiet, tree-lined street around the corner from the Rijkesmuseum and the Van Gogh museum. The staff was very friendly and welcoming although they are rarely at the front desk. You have to seek them out. The free international calls were great as was the free internet service. We had a very pleasant, two night stay at Hotel Fita and would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>HHtravelerSeattle
<Content>Great Stay! Hotel Fita was fabulous! Attention to detail is meticulous. They are friendly, helpful and the room is cute and clean. The location is perfect. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>retrieverdad
<Content>Wonderful Stay We spent 4 nights pre-cruise fro May 13 to May 17 at the Hotel Fita. We had a wonderful stay. The staff was warm, friendly and helpful. The room was wonderful. Breakfast each morning was excellent. The owners were fantastic, Hans' dinner recommendation was the best meal we ate while we were in Amsterdam. We enjoyed the free phone calls back home, the free internet, and took care of the laundry service that they also provide at no charge. The location is fantastic with the Van Gogh museum and the Rijks museum within easy walking distance as well as tram service into the heart of the inner city. When we go back to Amsterdam our stay will be at the Hotel Fita again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linford95
<Content>Great Hotel, Great City, Great Weather! Hotel Fita is in a great location, a leafy street in the museum district well away from the frenetic core of the city so it provides a restful haven following a days sightseeing. The city and all its attractions are within easy walking distance or alternatively a short tram ride of the hotel.The room we stayed in is described as deluxe and was certainly large, clean and well equiped with a sizeable en suite bathroom.Breakfast is very acceptable and staff are friendly and helpful. Discount tickets for the nearby museums are available and local restaurants we ate in were very good, particularly De Knijp which had an excellent atmosphere.Overall a very pleasant stay in this wonderful city. The sun shone also which was a welcome bonus.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ladyfrommiami
<Content>Wonderful Little Hotel Date: May 16-May 22,2007Reviewer: Lady from MiamiStayed at this charming small hotel earlier this month and had a wonderful time. Hans and Loes were excellent hosts. The property was immaculately kept. We enjoyed the wonderful breakfasts that Hans cooked. The free phone calls that we made to relatives and free laundry service were an extra bonus.Don't expect very ornate rooms. Ours was clean and functional. The bathroom was just fine and the duck found in the room added to the charm of the hotel. The neighborhood was terrific. Near most everything and very safe. Received champagne when we arrived and a little baggie of Hans' most wonderful homemade jelly when we departed. Can't wait to return to the Hotel Fita!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKSteve
<Content>Fita still great My eighth stay at the Fita in seven years of attending the same trade show and it remains a pleasure to be off the conference circuit and somewhere that's small, intimate and spotless. It's convenient for town, trams run in all directions just a block away and now Rick Steve's guidebooks have picked it up I'll be lucky to get in next year! Seriously, I plan to take my four teenage children to Amsterdam as it is such a nice, pleasant place - an of course I'll be staying at the Fita.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cedartrail
<Content>Very Nice Small Hotel This is a 16 room hotel on a quiet street in the museum district. It is run by a friendly couple, Hans and Loes de Rapper. The location is convenient for both walkers and those using public transportation. Energetic travelers with not too much luggage can get a tram (2 or 5) outside the train station and be at the hotel within about 10 minutes. Too far to walk with any luggage. The tram will deposit you within one block of the hotel (at the stop just opposite the Van Gogh museum). Taxi's are available, but pricey. Our room was up two flights of fairly steep stairs, typical of other hotels in Europe. A lift is available. The room was clean and very adequate. Not too small. Comfortable bed. The bath was modern and well equipped (hair dryer, soap dispenser, etc.) The breakfast buffet, included in the room rate, was excellent. This hotel was chosen after much research on this and other websites, both for its reasonable rate and location. We would definitely stay here again. An added bonus: discount tickets to some attractions are available at the hotel. Bill and Donna Anderson, Valley Center, CA, USA  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JordansSwindon
<Content>Great Hotel This is a gem of a hotel, clean and friendly and the location is ideal for both the Museums and the Centre of Amsterdam.Loes, Hans and the staff were always happy to help with any questions. and provide a great breakfast to start the day.Get your Museum tickets from the hotel and as well as the discount you don't have to queue to get in.We would not hesitate to return and recommend the this hotelScott  Christine JordanSwindon, UK  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>MACCalifornia
<Content>Great Stay at Hotel Fita! Stayed 6 nights last April over Queen's day. Room was comfortably clean, hotel location was perfect, and breakfast was delicious. Added to that is the free phone call to the US and internet access to check your email. Hans, Loes and staff are wonderful hosts. Will definitely come back to Amsterdam and stay at Hotel Fita.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PipCornwall
<Content>Excellent Hotel Quiet situation in the Museum District, with easy access to public transport, Vondel Park, shopping area etc. with lots of very good restaurants, bars, brown cafes within a few minutes walk. Friendly staff, happy to give advice  information. Hans has a good sense of humour, in the Basil Fawlty style!  cooks a good breakfast. The hotel is spotlessly clean, rooms have everything you could want; there's free internet access, which is useful if you want info on local attractions, train times, etc  free 'phone calls - again useful to confirm local arrangements. Two middle-aged English couples would highly reommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tenren
<Content>Hotel FIta - A smoke free respite from the hustle and bustle that is Amsterdam Hotel Fita is a respite from the hustle and bustle of Amsterdam. The smoke free environment is very pleasant. A comforting feature is the free long distance capability from one's room. It definitely beats the pay phone at the train station with the calling card that sometimes works. The room we stayed in (14) was clean, comfortable and large. Even the bathroom was big. The location is excellent; a 2 minute walk to the Van Gogh Museum, a 4 minute walk to the RIjks Museum and the tram. I would definitely return to the Hotel Fita if I return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>pdxschulers
<Content>Hotel Fita was Wonderful We stayed at Hotel Fita for 4 nights over the Queens Day weekend from April 28 to May 2 with our two children and my husbands' parents. The hotel's location is perfect, only one street over from the Van Gogh Museum. It remained remarkably quiet and peaceful even as the Queens Day celebration raged on over behind the Van Gogh Museum. That was a nice treat since we were not joining in the late night partying. The rooms were spacious and clean, the beds comfortable, and breakfast was very nice also. I agree with a former review that Hans does make the best scrambled eggs! We also liked the free internet access at the computer by the breakfast room. Hans gave us many tips for enjoying Queens Day with the children and suggestions for activities such as a concert at the Concertgebouw for my in-laws. Also, the Heineken Experience was within walking distance and was fun for all of us. We will definitely stay at Hotel Fita again if we ever return to Amsterdam. Thanks for a memorable stay in Amsterdam!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Virginia1242
<Content>Fantastic Little Hotel We stayed four nights at Hotel Fita in early May and were delighted. Hans and the entire staff were very friendly and helpful. Free calls to the USA is a definite plus. Location by the two main museums in Amsterdam and proximity to trams is ideal. Nice quiet street and really nice clean rooms. Breakfast was very good with fresh OJ a really nice feature. Would definitely stay there again if we were in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LosAngelesNormie
<Content>Gracious service and practical comfort Loes, Hans and staff were excellent hosts and made me feel welcome and well supported. That, along with free phone service anywhere in the Netherlands and to the States, e-mail, a great breakfast each day, and a perfect location (easy walking distance to the museums, Vondelpark, and Leidseplein), made this hotel a fabulous bargain.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AgentEars
<Content>Fita suited us perfectly We stayed five nights at the Fita the last week of April, 2007. The location of the hotel is outstanding. The major art museums and the most upscale shopping in the city are within a block or so, and the hotel is well-served by trams 2 and 5 (Central Station.) We paid 150 euros per night for a sunny corner room with a large bath. Our room was very clean and quiet. The entire hotel is nonsmoking. Breakfast was good - cereals, fruit, bread, cheese, pastries, bacon and eggs, real orange juice. Our hosts were very helpful in suggesting restaurants and providing other advice to enhance our visit.Special pluses that we took advantage of: free laundry service and discount admission to the major art museums.Not for partiers, but perfect for those looking for a clean, quiet, well-located Amsterdam hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kellly
<Content>Perfect for Mom and her Son! My son Matthew (age 6) and I spent 4 nights at Hotel Fita in April 2007. First, the hotel is spotless! We had a standard room and the bathroom was 3 times the size of most European bathrooms and it was very, very clean. The bed was comfortable, a flat screen TV, safe to store valuables, closet and hot pot. Perfect.The location is fantastic as you are one block from the Van Gogh and two blocks from the Rijksmuseum. The Coster Diamond Cutting Factory is one block away and it was a thrill to see diamonds being cut. The trolley car is one block away and takes you into the city without having to transfer. It doesn't get much easier than that!The free phone calls back to the USA were a nice perk so we could call home each night to chat with my husband. I must say I have not had fresh squeezed orange juice at many European hotels but it is a daily ritual with Hans and his staff. The eggs, bacon, cereals, fresh fruit salad, pastries are unique for a budget hotel. The breakfast exceeded my expectations.Hans the owner is a delight. He entertained us each day with his jokes and antics. Thanks to Hans we made two wonderful day trips because he offered suggestions that we had not considered. It's nice to be in a friendly hotel where they go out of their way to make you feel at home in their hotel, city and country.We will definately stay there again and highly recommend it to others.Sincerely,Elaine and Matthew (age 6)  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MickiMcKitty
<Content>Wonderful hotel! I was very pleased with the Hotel Fita! Loes met me with a drink when I arrived, which set a very good mood. The rooms were very clean and well appointed, the room had a ceiling fan, windows that open for fresh air, and great water pressure in the shower. They offer laundry services, free phone calls to the US, and free Internet service. The breakfast is delicious and even includes scrambled eggs and bacon! It is located on a quiet street in the museum area, far from the racy and noisy parts of Amsterdam, but there are plenty of restaurants nearby, and a tram line. Loes and Hans are very helpful, and go out of their way to make people comfortable. I would stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Slicks
<Content>Great stay       Prinsengracht  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rpnj
<Content>Average hotel. My wife and I stayed at this hotel in april 2007. We got an standard double room, and stayed there for 4 nights. It is an average hotel: 1. the location is not bad (just opposite to Van Gogh's museum, well-served by tram's lines, and about 15-20 minutes from Centraal Station by tram); 2. the staff is fine; 3. the breakfeast is okay; 4. the room was fairly clean.Overall, an average stay. Neverthless, this is not a hotel for people that like to party: breakfeast is quite early from 7h30 to 9h30, and just around 9h30 they are knocking on your door to see if they can clean your room. On the good side you have free internet access (computer next to breakfeast room); free calls anywhere in the world (that is actually the highlight of the hotel in my opinion); and free laundry. I think we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>SBCATraveler
<Content>Very Disappointing I am an active participant on Trip Advisor. My husband and I do quite a bit of traveling for business and pleasure and we never hesitate to rely on trip advisor's reviews. The reviews are usually accurate about the hotels we have stayed in. At the time we made our reservation at the Fita Hotel it was listed as #5 on trip advisor for hotels in Amsterdam. Unfortunately after spending four nights at the Fita, we don't share the high esteem this hotel has received.The best thing about the Fita hotel is the location. The hotel is in the museum district and one block away from the ritziest shopping street in Amsterdam. It is a quiet, convenient and safe neighborhood.Upon arriving at the Fita Hotel we were greeted by Roel, one of the workers who was very friendly and showed us our room. During the rest of our stay, we did not see anyone at the front desk, it was always deserted. It would have been nice at times to see someone at the front desk to ask some simple questions. In fact, we needed walking directions to a local restaurant to meet a friend and my husband called the number on the in-room information card. The man who answered the phone acted like he was being disturbed at 7:00pm. When my husband said to him, How are you doing? He replied, I'm tired. Not very friendly.The only time you did see any staff was at breakfast. The breakfast was adequate. Fresh squeezed orange juice, eggs, bacon, cheeses , rolls, and yogurt with fruit. Breakfast is served until 10:00am on weekends and until 9:30am on weekdays. Since we arrived on a Saturday evening all we were told by Roel breakfast was from 8:00-10:00, so on Monday morning we showed up at 9:45am and was greeted Sorry, you missed breakfast. We explained we were not told it ended at 9:30am on the weekdays, and they Sorry and we left without breakfast.The worst part about the Fita hotel was the cleanliness of the room while we were staying there. Our garbage was not emptied everyday. Along with the garbage can was broken and we told them about it and it was not fixed or replace. The worst was our soiled bed linens were not changed for three straight days. This was inexcusable  shameful and should be an embarrassement to the hotel.Overall at 140 euros a night the Fita hotel was a total disappointment. I guess you are paying for the location because you are certainly not paying for the friendliness, the food and definitely not the cleanliness of the hotel. Next time, we will choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>PhilipG
<Content>Great time Arrived to a very friendly welcome and a large clean comfortable roomwith every facility we would need. Two glasses of champagne and a bowl of nuts arrived within minuites of us being in the room. owners could not do enough to help us. lots of information on where to visit tourist attractions. hotel in a nice quiet area except school playground equipment by the side of hotel in pedestrian walkway. Road outside closed during our stay, so nice and quiet. However this hotel is in a quiet residential street. Trams numbers 2  5 run from station which is just behind hotel. Excellent indonesian restaurant two minutes walk-left out of hotel to end of road, turn right and on the right-we had fixed menu price of 22 euros per person, had so manydishes, could not manage it all!!. Worth buying 1/2/3 days tickets to include trams and hop on and off canal passes. Would certainly recommend this hotel, it is family run and of a high standard. There are steep steps to hotel. Would certainly return and recommendvery highly, also free laundry service and free internet and telephone calls. Fab, hope to see you again at some point in the future.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EssexBrown
<Content>cold We recieved a friendly and informative welcome, but no champagne or personal touches. Although clean, the room was incredibly cold. We made several attempts to get the problem fixed but were ignored and in the end gave up. We even considered moving to another hotel but as it was only for two nights we suffered it instead.The room was very basic, even a little run down, like rented student digs, but the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was lovely. (Even though the floor drainage wasn't great and meant taking your socks off every time you needed the loo). The staff were elusive, even on trying to pay we were left at the reception desk and the lady on the desk just didn't return.Also, a word of warning, even though they tell you the breakfast room is open until 9.30, arrive by 9 because any later and the reception is hostile, the bacon gone and only one thimble of juice is allowed.If this hotel was offered at a budget price i would say bargain, but it wasn't. It was hugely expensive for such a basic show. I wouldn't say don't stay here, but i also wouldn't say get excited because you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>bosox2004
<Content>Liked our Hotel We spent four nights here in Oct 2006 and were given a beautiful, large corner room at the front of the building. Hans de Rapper, the owner, guided us to our room, brought us a complimentary glass of champagne, then told us about the free in-room laptop for internet access, free long distance phone service, free laundry service, and complimentary breakfast. What more could we ask for? The hotel is located on an elegant residential street a block away from the van Gogh Museum and a few steps farther to the Rijksmuseum. The breakfast downstairs includes bacon and eggs and is a more than adequate way to start the day. The only additional luxury that would be nice is air conditioning. Even though it was chilly outside during our stay, our room got warm enough to use the ceiling fan several times. The neighborhood is upscale, and there a supermarket, Albert Heijn, a few minutes walk away, where we picked up wine, cheese, and fruit. Leidseplein, with its plethora of restaurants and clubs, is 10-15 minutes walk away, and there are several good restaurants all around the hotel, including on the walk to Leidseplein and on the walk to and past the Concertgebuow. The tram stops about 2 blocks from the hotel for points farther away, such as the Red Light district and the Anne Frank house. We found our stay in Amsterdam to be much too short, and we intend to stay at Hotel Fita on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamesclarke1977
<Content>Great Location The Hotel Fita is a lovely hotel in a great area of Amsterdam to be staying. It is close to many of the best museums and also close to lots of exclusive shops and restaurants. The hotel itself is very friendly and accommodating. The rooms are always immaculate and there is plenty of choice for breakfast. A great place for couples and families to base themselves for a true experience of Amsterdam. James and Rachel Clarke, Chippenham, England  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>_Switzerland_Wangen_
<Content>3 star hotel with 4 star service Critic: Karin von Rohr, SwitzerlandThe reputation of the hotel is formidable and that the reason why I chose the Hotel Fita. We were friendly welcomed by Loes with a drink. She gave us all the important information about Amsterdam. Why I recommend to you the Hotel Fita?The hotel was very clean. We had a big and great room. The bathroom was excellent. Hairdresser and the other little things you need in the bathroom are part of the hotel Fita standards. When your child gets dirty: No problem, you can wash the clothes free of charge in the washing machine. The phone is also free of charge. In the morning you can choose food from an English-breakfast-buffet. The food is fantastic and so you look all the time forward to the next morning. Hans is a nice person and he helps whenever you have questions or you don know what to do. The children love him because he can be very funny. The atmosphere is like in a big family.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patsina
<Content>Wonderful place to stay in Amsterdam! My husband and I chose the Hotel Fita based on recommendations from TripAdvisor members and Rick Steves, and we're glad we did! We stayed for six nights. The hotel was immaculate, the bed was very comfortable, and the staff was friendly and helpful. There is a tram stop about a block away, and Leidseplein is within walking distance. If we return to Amsterdam, we will definitely stay at the Fita again!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lwarren
<Content>great,fab,smashing Arrived at hotel a day late due to the snow. Received a very warm welcome. Once in the room there was a knock at the door and a glass of champagne greeted me.Room large very clean, bbc1 channel on tv what more could you ask for!! Will be going back due to great friendly staff and clean spick and span room. Good location for visiting all areas.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MMM_Toronto
<Content>Hotel Fita is so FANTASTIC you'll never want to leave! I stayed here in Jan/Feb 2007 with my friend and our stay was fantastic!!!!! This was my first trip to Europe in a very, very long time and I couldn't be more pleased with Hotel Fita. The hotel website was great as it provided directions for how to take the Airport Shuttle or train. I ended up taking the Airport Shuttle service to the hotel and booked the round trip since it was easier. However my friend took the train (which is much cheaper) but neither of us had any problems getting to the hotel! The owners were very accomodating as I checked in quite early at around 8:30 A.M. or so! This brings me to the staff - where to begin! The staff were so friendly and gave me suggestions on the places I could visit. Hans and his wife were so friendly and made me feel a part of the family! They even reminded me that they have free laundry service which I took advantage of! I dropped my clothes off in the morning and it was in my room at the end of the day - neatly placed in a basket! In addition, my friend and I were able to make calls to Canada for free and both of us took advantage of the free internet service via the laptop which was readily available.I had read about their breakfast on the tripadvisor.com website and was certainly not disappointed! The breakfast of champions consisted of scrambled eggs, bacon, orange juice, tea/coffee, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, etc. It was delicious and set me on my way everyday!The hotel was only a 5 - 8 mins walk from Leidsplein Square - from which you can walk to almost any tourist attractions such as the Singel Market, Amsterdam Diamond Centre, Madame Tussards, Heineken Experience, etc. The hotel was located in a residential neighbourhood which was beautiful and extremely safe. It was also a 2 min walk to the Van Gogh Museum - for which the hotel gave us discounted tickets.All in all, I loved my stay in Amsterdam and hope to come back again! That is in large part due to Hotel Fita!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to visit Amsterdam!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TTToronto
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Stay here....you'll want to stay longer! My friend and i stayed here late Jan/07 for a few days and i must say, it was wonderful. I have travelled a lot within Europe and i have always looked to this site for reviews and so far, i have not been disappointed. We booked directly through the hotel website with no problems.The hotel is situated in a quiet, upscale residential neighborhood, almost opposite the Van Gogh museum and yet within walking distance to all the tourist spots - we managed to see all the sites without taking the tram at all. The owners were always helpful in securing information about places to see and in providing discounts to some of teh attractions.All that was good, but what impressed me the most was the fact that the rooms were excellent - we were in room 30, a standard double which was a really good size especially for European hotels. The room was clean, clean, clean! the sheets were of good quality, bathroom was impeccable and trust me when i say i was impressed since i am a stickler for clean- i could not find any fault with the room. On top of all that, the service was great - there was a good assortment for breakfast and you could special order hot food like eggs/bacon at no extra cost. It was even better that long distance phone calls were free to Canada and the owner even offered me free calls to Africa when i had to make some. Hans, the owner, actually reminded us that they offered complimentary laundry service which my friend took advantage of. Internet service via their laptop was also complimentary and we never had a problem with requesting the laptop. I have to say that i will definitely stay here again, the service was up and above what i expected. I loved the character of the hotel and the fact that it was very European - some people may have a problem with the steep stairs but it was no problem for me. All in all i say stay here - you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AMSbug
<Content>They lost my reservation I was attracted to Hotel Fita by its location and offer of free internet and long-distance telephone. I contacted them via their web site and reserved about six weeks in advance. When I arrived in Amsterdam, I went to the hotel and was told that they had no reservation for me, were not expecting me, and that they were full for the night. In the end, they helped me find another room for one night nearby (at perhaps the worst hotel I've stayed at in twenty years) and then gave me a room upgrade for the remaining night. Aside from my dealings with the owner (who was less than hospitable and crossed out my entry in their guest book), the staff were great and the hotel was clean and modern.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Blockster
<Content>We WILL be back My 18 year old son and I just came back from Amsterdam and a 4 night stay at the Hotel Fita. We couldn't have been happier with our accomodations. The hotel is very clean and, best of all, non-smoking. Our medium deluxe room was comfortable, with a large bathroom and lots of amenities. Breakfast is included, with lots of choices, and Hans was back from vacation and present to answer our questions and regale us with stories. The location is ideal, in my opinion. Quiet, yet close to museums and restaurants. My son and I walked everywhere. Can't imagine why you would need the tram. The free phone calls to the US provided my husband back home with peace of mind reports, and the free laundry enabled me to have clean PJs and jeans at the midpoint of our visit. I have never stayed in any hotel, anywhere in Europe or the US, that felt more like a home away from home.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kschm
<Content>This is where you want to stay in Amsterdam! My husband and I have just returned from Amsterdam and a six-night stay at Hotel Fita. We couldn have been happier with our accommodations.As was suggested to us from Hans (Fita very friendly owner), take the Connexxion Schiphol airport shuttle to the hotel and buy the roundtrip fare. It cheap, fast and no fuss. Click on the irections?tab from Fita website, then on the link onnexxion Airport Shuttle?and look at the airport map which will show you where to purchase the shuttle tickets and then where to catch the van outside. We didn have to wait at all ~ plenty of shuttles available. And on our return, no fuss in the AM ?24 hours prior to departure, ask the Fita staff to call to reserve your spot back to Schiphol. And so about the taff?Hans and his wife were on holiday for most of our stay in Amsterdam. This was unfortunate because, as we found out on our last night there, he is a wealth of knowledge and a generally fun person to chat with. The employee that were there for our stay did a great job in their absence. Breakfast was served each morning from 8-9:30 and was delicious. Fresh squeezed orange juice, individual pots of coffee for each table, scrambled eggs, bacon, meats, cheeses, pastries, cold cereal, yogurt, fruit?.we left each morning ueled up?for the day.Our room was a double medium and was comfortable in size. Our beds were two twins pushed together which worked very well for my husband and I who are both over six feet tall. The room was large enough for a little table and two chairs. The bathroom was huge and had a great full powered hairdryer, dispensers for cups and soap, large tub/shower combo and nice size sink counter area. We really liked the soap and cup dispensers ~ nothing worse than those itty bitty bars of soap that slip and slide their way onto the floor and no worry that the glassware has leftover lipstick or baked on crusty stuff. The room also had an electric pot to make almost instant boiling water for espresso, hot chocolate and other choices for in room hot drinks. And clean, clean, clean. I was most impressed with how impeccably clean the place is. It a totally non-smoking facility which is quite nice. For non-smokers, there is no worry of smoke seeping in from other rooms or hallways and no nicotine residue on the walls, linens or woodwork. The free internet and long distance was a really nice and comforting touch.The Hotel is located in a quaint little neighborhood that is away from the bustling nightlife. It the best of both worlds really because it only a short walk or tram ride to Leidseplein or Spui for loads of activity. And you couldn be closer to the museums and concert hall (Concertgebouw). Ie read a couple negative posts regarding the steepness of the stairs. Yes, the stairs are steep, but youe in Amsterdam!! This Hotel (which Hans has completely renovated) was built in 1902 and steep stairs are typical for any structure in this city of this age. The Hotel has an elevator to take you to upper floors if the stairs pose a problem. We learned to be careful managing all staircases while touring the city.I took photos of the hotel to post here but they didn't turn out. I have taken another look at Fita's website and feel that all of their pictures are very representative of the accomodations. Check it out if you haven't already.Be sure to look at the schedule for the Concertgebouw and get tickets in advance (Fita will arrange) for any concerts you might want to attend. They have free lunch time concerts (30 minutes in length) on Wednesdays. Get there on the early side as they fill up. We bought the annual museum card (available at any museum) and found it to be a good value since we visited both the Rijks and Van Gogh three times. Do your research in advance and check out the other museums on the card ?we would recommend Het Rembrandthuis, Museum van Loon, Museum Willet-Holthuysen and Museum Amsterlkring. You must take a quick tour through the red light district ?this is where Museum Amsterlking is located. And while there, check out Oude Kerk (ld Church? Anne Frank Huis is not on included on the annual museum card but worth the little they charge. Hotel Fita gives a discount coupon for a canal ride which we enjoyed. Go around dusk so that you can enjoy the city from the water while there is still a little daylight but also as the buildings and bridges light up. And although it may sound hokey, do the Heineken Experience. It was a blast!! Page down on the reviews here and look at the post for the special hand sign which will get you a free long neck to enjoy at the end.So, if youe planning a trip to Amsterdam, look no further for accommodations  Hotel Fita is the best value for your money and we consider it our Amsterdam ome away from home?  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nynytraveler
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at Fita for four nights and were able to check in early, at around 8 a.m.. Nice location near the museums; several trains run nearby. Enjoyed the free internet, phone calls, and laundry. Hotel also purchased concert tickets at our request, which were waiting for us upon arrival.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Leki
<Content>Great stay! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in October. It has the feel of a BB. We loved the location and the staff was very helpful as well. The only complaint I have is our bed was 2 twin beds pushed together which was not comfortable. The breakfast was a nice touch. They will do your laundry for free as well and calls to USA are free, too.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>sfsusan
<Content>skip the fita I would advise avoiding the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam. The staff there is testy at best, and downright rude at worst. They promise to do your laundry, but what they mean is that they will dump a pile of moist clothes on your bed which you must then hang up and iron yourself as they are a wrinkled mess. They promise internet access, but we had it only 2 out of 7 days there. When trying to discuss similar issues with them they offer no solutions and become almost surly.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Jolanda
<Content>Comfort, Location, Hospitality And More My husband and I stayed here four nights in Sept. Location was perfect. Room was sunny and very comfortable. Walking distance to everything. We rented bicycles nearby and rode around with the thousands of locals who use this most convenient mode of transportation. It is such a pleasant way to see the city. The hotel was a comfortable walk to most locations and also near tram stops. The owner was most helpful and friendly. Can you believe that there is free laundry and email? Hotel is on a beautiful tree-lined street. Close to shopping and restaurants. We loved Amsterdam and hope to return and we will definitely stay at Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maty
<Content>Excellent. I stayed in this hotel for five nights at the beginning of November, with my husband.Style: a 1902 typical Dutch building. Lobby is cosy like all hotel. Seems a private hose more than an hotel.Location: literally at the corner of Van Gogh Museum, in the Museum quarter, at a walking distance from National Museum and restaurants and cafes on Leidseplain. Rooms: I had a de luxe room. It was big and comfortable, although very essential furniture (wardrobe, armchair, writing table, chair). Tea and coffee facilities available. Big bathroom with bath tub and hairdryer. We received a welcome drink and it was a nice surprise.The rooms are very very clean and this is very important in a hotel. Do not agree with Korean Tripadvisor's Memeber on this point.Food: Very good choice at breakfast: cheeses, pastries, eggs and bacon, sausages, cereals and yogurt. Very good quality, especially for the pastries and the home-made jam. The food is worth a 4 star hotel.Staff: quite helpful. Mr De rapper very nice and welcoming.The good: Everything. The bad: Nothing, except if you are a smoker, as in this hotel the only place youe allowed to smoke is down in the street!Final advice and tips: My staying was great: everything was perfect and I would definitely stay there again. Advised restaurants nearby: De Orient (Indonesian), Pulpo (Mediterranean)  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RetiredTravelers
<Content>Measured up to the reviews My wife and I spent three nights in Amsterdam. We had intended to stay at a canal hotel, but all of the highly-rated ones were booked up by the time I made a reservation (about three weeks in advance of the stay). Based on TripAdvisor reviews, I then called the Hotel Fita and was successful in booking a room. The location turned out to be much better than I had anticipated; two major museums are 1-3 blocks away, and the city's other major sights are easily accessible by foot or trolley. The hotel itself is on a quiet street. As others have noted, the only significant drawback is the steep stairs from the street to the lobby.In general our experience reflects those of most other reviewers. The room--a double Medium, in the hotel's classification system--was clean, well-appointed, comfortable, and quite adequate in size. The proprietor provided excellent recommendations for restaurants, tours, etc. The breakfast is indeed quite good. All in all, a most pleasant stay; I would have no hesitation to stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>waybackgranola
<Content>Hotel Fita We loved the location of this hotel. The room was spotless and although small, was perfect. The free telephone and laundry service was excellant and a huge perk. We enjoyed the simple breakfast. We also really enjoyed the no-smoking policy.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Nalacalli
<Content>Super 3 Star Hotel Just spent 3 nights at the Hotel Fita on 9/13. Had a medium size room #14 which overlook a school/side street and could walk out on the roof. Little noisy with the windows open but the ceiling fan helped to drown out street noise from people out walking around. Quiet residential area for the most part. Five minutes to the museums (Rijks/Van Gogh). Great big bathroom with a hair dryer. Room was very clean if not pretty basic. Liked this area much more than the Dam Square area.Lovely hosts and the breakfast offered in the morning was very good. Coffee was the best part...........Went to an Sama Sebo an Indonesian restaurant close by. Had to make reservations......Lots of locals. Very good food and fun atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Taupa
<Content>A must stay! Absolutely delightful boutique hotel in Amsterdam. If you don't mind being out of the hustle and bustle of the city hub this is the place. The hotel is located on a precious quaint street with lovely trees. Easy to get to from the central train station - just take the number 2 or 5 tram right outside the front of the station. You can purchase your ticket for the tram on the last car. Large rooms at this fine establishment and the services are all of the comforts of home. Exceptionally clean! Non Smoking! Family owned and they take pride in their business.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2-lawyers
<Content>Great Small Hotel I stayed at the Hotel Fita for one night (due to a long layover) in September. I was coming from the Middle East and was quite ill when I checked in. The Hotel Fita was the perfect place to lay down my head and get a good night sleep. The location was wonderful. The hotel was spotlessly clean and had charm to spare. A good sign was when I was checking in; some other guests told me that I would love it there. They were right. The owner's were out of town and there son was acting as host filling in. He was very friendly and very helpful. He kindly explained to me where a pharmacy was located and where nearby places to eat were located as well. He even went so far as to bring extra blankets to my room (without my asking). Although, my stay at the Fita was short, I appreciated the hospitality and quality of the hotel and I look forward to staying at the Fita when I return to Amsterdam next year for a longer stay.In my opinion, the Fita has all of the best qualities of a small hotel - cleanliness, hospitality, location and price. You cannot go wrong with Fita.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fernweh77
<Content>Sterile Hotel Fita Expect clean rooms, but not kind service from Hotel Fita.I and my fiancee booked the placed based on the positive reviews from the hotel. We booked for a double room for one night last week.The seed of our problem was our late arrival at the airport. We didn't take the taxi as was recommended and took the trains to city center first, and were furthermore delayed by a bad taxi driver who overcharged us. Upon arrival at the hotel we were scolded at length by the lady at the reception for being late and `not listening to her'. Granted she had to wait 30 extra minutes, but we have never received such a treatment from a hotel management in our lives. We wanted to run out of the place but it was too late to do so.For the hotel's credit the rooms were clean although lacking in style, double room consisted of two twin beds, the no-smoking policy means the hotel doesn't stink. Breakfast was okay. Service was meticulous, with Hans ensuring that we got good, legal taxis(a lesson we learned the hard way indeed!) through the hotel's reservation service. As a veteran traveler I think a hotel management's first virtue is kindness, not cleanliness. Alas, that is what they lack.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>anderslj
<Content>Lovely Hotel Stayed for three nights and loved it! Friendly owners and staff, perfect location, large bathroom, clean rooms and a delicious breakfast. Would definately stay here again if we (which we hope) someday come back to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ikaikaokaina
<Content>Perfect Hotel in Amsterdam After my fiance and I decided to visit Amsterdam, we looked to Trip Advisor for recommendations on places to stay and came across Hotel Fita. Hotel Fita was a great choice and live up to all of the excellent reviews posted on this site. The couple that ran the hotel were friendly, the hotel was located in a quiet and beautiful section of the city (near Vondel park) and the breakfast served every morning was delicious!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Salsalover
<Content>It was my first trip to Amsterdam and not knowing where to stay It was my first trip to Amsterdam and not knowing where to stay, my daughter who lives there visited the Fita Hotel first. She immediately gave the hotel a thumbs up and so the reservation was made for 8 days and nights. My family loved their stay there and would def stay there again. It was clean, the staff was polite and efficient, and the breakfast was the best in the city!! Every time we had a question, the staff helped us with the answer. It was close to everything we wanted to do and it made my stay in Amsterdam a wonderful experience! And I LOVED the non smoking policy! I would recommend this hotel to everyone for an enjoyable stay in Amsterdam! Linda B.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vallane
<Content>Adored Hotel Fita We took our first trip to Europe in May 2006. Our last stop was 2 nights in Amsterdam. We booked the Hotel Fita based in large part on Trip Advisor reviews. When we arrived we were buzzed in by Hans, who turned out to be the owner along with his wife Lus. After several minutes of pleasant conversation we were shown to our room. It was gorgeous, large with a balcony and the largest bathroom we encountered during our eight nights in Europe. As we were getting settled in there was a knock on the door and there was Hans with a bowl of peanuts and champagne. As he suggested we stood on our balcony and toasted to our first night in Amsterdam.The location is great, near the museums, in a primarily residential neighborhood. Only 1 block away you can hop on a tram or bus. Restaurants and nightlife are within a 10 minute walk. Breakfast was wonderful, and as we were told, just follow your nose downstairs in the morning. We particularly loved the fresh squeezed orange juice, eggs and bacon. We were offered discounted tickets to the museums at breakfast. Exceptional service.Two nights were not nearly enough to see Amsterdam and enjoy the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ArtandArtHistoryProf
<Content>A Squeaky Clean Gem! Great for families w/ kids...playyard closeby. This is the hotel we loved the most on our 2 week trip in Europe in March of 2006. There were three of us, husband, child (6) and me in the room...it was so clean and neat - the bed was very comfy and the bedding was all white, fluffy cottons...(no synthetic fabrics). The view was so nice....we had a top floor room with a small balcony overlooking the street and it was enjoyable to be in such a family neighborhood tucked inbetween Amsterdaam's Fifth Avenue and the two major Art Museums. It is katty-corner form a public school built in 1900 called the Neue School--the kids played outside at the playyard across from the hotel with thier teachers and it was nice to hear them playing. Also, nice to have a little playyard form my son to play in too...We traveled there to attend the festivities and art shows celebrating 400th year celebration of Rembrandt's birth. I am an Art Professor in the Midwest and have travelled to Europe 3 x now and I always love to find hotels this friendly, CLEAN (have I mentioned that?) and located well. As customary in Europe, the rooms are small to us Americans but the windows were like 12 feet high so it seemed light and airy.If you are looking for a hotel like this with a grocery store around the corner (underground), major park, great shopping, museums, bakery, and awesome public transportaion within footsteps- THIS IS IT!!! I am a very picky traveller on a low/mid-range budget...too bad I won't be reviewing my Paris hotels this favorably - We will stay there again...for sure...but not in March--it is too windy and cold there that time of year !!!! I should add that the staff cheerfully did a load of laundry for us and it came back immaculate that afternoon. We left the staff nice tips...they earned it!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our appreciation for a wonderful stay We stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Fita-Although we arrived later than anticipated, we were greeted by Hans pleasantly. Our rooms were very clean and comfortable. The Hotel is in walking distance to many of the sights we wanted to see, and this made seeing the city much more enjoyable. Breakfast was ample and very tasty. The staff was courteous and attentive. We would recommend the hotel to anyone traveling to Amsterdam  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janetc20
<Content>I thought it was lovely I stayed at the Hotel Fita for 12 nights and had very few problems. We arrived very early in the morning (much earlier than we thought we would) so we woke up Hans at 7am on a Sunday morning in order to stow our luggage in the lobby until we could check in. He was a little cranky, but who wouldn't have been???? He had the staff give us coffee in the breakfast room and told us a few places in the neighborhood to go until we could check in -- since, of course, the people who were checking out of our scheduled room were still sleeping! Not a great situation when jetlagged but definitely not the hotel's fault. In fact, when we checked in, the front desk staff offered to explain the city layout and provide other information. We were too tired to hear it then and never got around to it but... they did bring a welcome beverage to our room, which was a nice touch. Next time, I'll time my flight arrival more sanely! In order to accomodate our long stay during a very busy time, we were scheduled to change rooms twice and we did. So we stayed in a standard, medium, and deluxe room. All were as advertised on the website, very clean and plenty spacious. Each time we changed rooms, we just did a rough pack and the staff moved our things. On the appointed day, the staff brought us our new room keys while we were at breakfast, explained the procedure, and it was all taken care of by the time we came back from the day's adventure to freshen up for dinner. No problems at all.We were there during a rather unexpected hot spell and there is not much in the way of climate control (well, anywhere in Amsterdam -- I think the locals were as surprised as we were) but sleeping with the windows open wasn't a problem and was mostly comfortable. The beds themselves were very comfortable and the pillows were good (two per person which I thought was plenty). The bathrooms, as I mentioned, were surprisingly spacious and clean and the showers had good water pressure and plenty of hot water. The breakfasts were good and filling with the lovely fresh squeezed orange juice and plenty of coffee. The staff in the breakfast room were very accomodating. I had an unfortunate personal situation occur during my stay and the owners and staff were as accomodating as possible and definitely (and apparently genuinely) interested in my well-being. I would not hesitate to recommend the Hotel Fita to other travelers -- in fact, I already told one of my very good friends to stay there when she travels to Amsterdam on business in October! Enjoy the Hotel Fita....I will stay there again if my travels ever take me to Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's the little extras that make them stand out! I have stayed in cheaper or similar priced hotels which to all appearances compared with The Hotel Fita. However it's the little extras that they offer that makes them stand out.The staff were polite, friendly and helpful. We arrived two hours before normal check in but the staff priortised the preperartion of our room and had it ready for us within the time it took us to pop out and get some breakfast.They made us feel welcome bringing us a drink and some nuts to nibble on when we checked in.The hotel offers free phone calls which saved us paying outrageous hotel call charges or the grind of finding a phone to call home and check on our son , (I hadn't realised how much easier this made life!)The breakfasts were really good, plenty of choice with eggs and bacon, croissants cooked meats etc.They are happy to do your laundry free of charge and when we checked out we were given some home made jam a fridge magnet of the hotel and some sweets in a little gift pack. I was really taken with the place and will definately go back and also recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobster4u
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Zaanse Schans near Amsterdam  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great small hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our weeklong stay at Hotel Fita. Our group of four stayed in two rooms, both of which were large, clean, and airy. We especially appreciated the help of Loes de Rapper in making trip suggestions for travel outside of Amsterdam. We found the location, breakfast, and the facilities to be excellent. The extras of free laundry, internet access, and long distance phone calls were much appreciated, since we were traveling to a couple other locations and could confirm our arrangements. We would highly recommend the hotel and its hosts for any travelers, but especially those who appreciate a safe, clean, and quiet location near the museums, tram stop, and parks.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Post-Review update. I had previously written a review on this hotel(----) and suffered a rather harrowing experience from the owners as a consequence.I am only posting this now because I had thought that the DeRappers 'hospitality' towards me had been a one off but from one of the latest reviews I see this is not neccessarily so.Having arrived home and posted my review, I received a not-very-pleasant phonecall from Hans, demanding to know why I took it upon myself to write my opinions online (which, might I add are quite balanced, and not a personal attack such as I was then subjected to).He proceded to ask me irrelevant questions such as what do I do for a living (incidently, I am in Law), and generally try to pick holes in anything that I said which did not please him. NOT charming! I'm writing this now as a sort of 'warning' sign to anyone else who may receive this kind of treatment upon not writing a glowing review, so much for freedom of speech eh! We have since stayed in genuinely brilliant B+B's with hosts who go out of their way to make sure your stay is a happy one, sorry Hans, yours just wasn't in the same league.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wandering-Around
<Content>A Pleasant Stay at the Fita We stayed at the Fita for 4 nights in late June, 2006. We were greeted with a snack and a drink upon arrival. Our room was large, with ceiling fan and small TV. The hotel is nice and extremely clean, and the innkeepers were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast is included and is very nice.We found the combination of location, price, free wi-fi, free calls to the US, and laundry service to be wonderful on our vacation. There are, however, some quirks that you need to be aware of: - The Fita is a small hotel, and the lift is so small that 2 people are quite cozy when riding in it. - The front desk is not regularly staffed. This did not pose a problem, as you can always dial the innkeepers, and you can be buzzed in at the front door.- A double room is commonly two twin beds pushed together. This is quite common in Europe, so be prepared. If you need a double bed or queen bed in your hotel, make sure that you are specific in your request.- The sheets were a bit rough and industrial feeling.- There is a kindergarten / primary school next door, and the children play outside. This can generate quite a bit of noise during the daytime.If you are expecting a cozy, comfortable, clean hotel, then the Hotel Fita is a great place to stay. If you are expecting an Americanized version of the Hilton - Fita is not for you.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super friendly Fita I stayed at the Fita 22-25 June with my wife and young daughters (7 and 4) and my elderly parents.Everything about the hotel was truly excellent. It is exactly as described - a small family- run spotlessly clean hotel. The small 2 person lift was just what was needed for my mother who has a dodgy knee.We had booked two double rooms and separate single beds had been set up in one of the rooms advance for the childrenHans and Loes (the owners) are indeed very friendly and helpful - our daughters loved the attention (and little gifts).Breakfast comprises the usual hot drink choices, eggs (scrambled and boiled), bacon, bread rolls, home-made jams toast, pastries, cereals cheeses and (a favourite for the children) chocolate milk- all that you'd need.You need to arrive before 10.30pm on arrival but once you are checked in, you get a key card for the outside door and you can then came and go as you please.We had an early flight on our day of departure and although it was before breakfast was due, the staff made sure we had bread cereal toast and juice and coffee and that a taxi for 6 to turn up right on time. We arranged to check out the night before which was no trouble. For a family trip, it was in an ideal location - in the quiet museum quarter - only yards from the Van Gogh museum and the posh designer shops and a small walk to lots of restaurants and the tram stops to get into the centre.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed with Fita We reserved a 'double' deluxe room on line for three nights hoping that we would recieve comfortable accommodation close to the centre at reasonable rates to spend an enjoyable time for a birthday trip. The booking was trouble free and response was good and the price was acceptable at 150euros per night. On arrival, we had to wait at the door to be let in and given a reasonably warm welcome and first impressions were that the hotel was ok. After check in, we were shown to our room after a short journey in a very small lift and on entering the room, we had an instant feeling of disappointment. Although the room was large and airy, there were two single beds pushed together (not what we expected or explained on the web site) and we found the room to be 'grubby' with a strong smell of disenfectant coming from the bathroom. I phoned the owner from the room to ask for a room with a double bed and was told that I had not booked one, furthermore, he was very offensive when I expressed my disappointment at the quality and suggested that we leave immediately (10.30p.m!) He made no attempt to help our situation, leaving us to find alternative accommodation for the following day; this meant enquiring at other hotels in the area that evening to arrange something more suitable for the remainder of our stay. Thankfully, we were successful and left the following morning, checking into a very high standard, professional hotel. On leaving Hotel Fita, we were subject to a very abrupt and cold experience and were glad to leave. The propietors of Hotel Fita need to revisit their website to amend their description of the accommodation offered, as we found it to be very misleading as to what the standard of this 'hotel' actually is, or, upgrade their rooms to meet their advertisment. Overall, I certainly would not recommend this 'hotel'.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great family owned hotel We stayed at the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam for 2 nights June 5th and 6th 2006. It is a fabulous family owned hotel in the Museum District of Amsterdam. The location could not be better. The hotel itself is small but the rooms are a good size, very well maintained and clean. The breakfast was also excellent. We would most certainly recommend this hotel for your stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice! My husband and I were delighted with our stay at Hotel Fita. Not only were we greeted with a beverage and an offer to do our laundry, but we we able to phone home for free!! Our room was very clean and comfortable; our breakfast tasty. Better still, we felt comfortable walking in that part of Amsterdam - close to the museums. When leaving, the owner called a cab for us. No fuss! No bother!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Gem of the Museum District This hotel was absolutely wonderful - fab breakfasts lovely staffand beautifully clean rooms. We had the deluxe room with the balcony sowe drank our tea there each morning :)Well worth a visit!Nicola  Howard Callow  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spoda
<Content>Great hotel on quiet Amsterdam street. I recently spent 4 nights at the Hotel Fita for a business trip, and was very pleased with the room, service, and breakfast. The hotel is very close to the Van Gogh museum and a convenient tram stop. I had a room facing the street, but found it to be very quiet and comfortable.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EdoRuan
<Content>A Gem All the glowing things others have said about the Fita are true; this little three-star hotel is a rare gem. When I got back to NYC I got up that first morning and went into my kitchen half expecting to find a lovely Fita breakfast waiting for me. Good times die hard. The secret of the Fita is no secret at all: They just try harder, and they understand where to put that effort. Edo  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoneTravelin
<Content>Excellent Small Hotel - With One Caveat       Double Medium Room  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great fit at the Fita When we arranged to visit Amsterdam, we chose not to stay at a trendy, canal side hotel, but at the less expensive hotel Fita in the museum district. The Fita also offered such perks as a full breakfast, free laundry and free phone calls to the USA and to Europe.The hotel had a lift which was welcome, since I have a bad knee, and the spotlessly clean room had a large bathroom with ample counter space.Loes de Rapper was helpful in proving information on getting around Amsterdam. She sold us discoount tickets to the museums, which saved us from waiting on long lines to get in.In the neighborhood--and it was very much a neighborhood-- were a number of good restaurants within walking distance, as were the canals and Vondel Park, an oasis of greenery, peppered with lakes and streams.The Fita felt like home for the eleven days that we stayed there. We would heartily recommend the Hotel Fita to any friends traveling to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I highly recommend Hotel Fita! I spent 5 nights at the Hotel Fita during a recent (May ?6) stay. This was my fourth time visiting Amsterdam and the Hotel Fita was, by far, the best hotel I have stayed at yet. Most of the other positive reviews you will find here on TripAdvisor are accurate in my opinion. The Hotel is in a great location, it is immaculately clean, it is a good value for Amsterdam hotels, and most importantly, the owners and staff are excellent! The owners, Loes and Hans de Rapper, are very friendly and helpful. Loes was extremely helpful and a fountain of knowledge. Upon her recommendation I visited Maastricht and had a great time. Thank you Loes! Also, the staff at the hotel are all very friendly and helpful. Loes and Hans?attention to detail shows in their staff hiring as well! I highly recommend the Hotel Fita.JEFF ROSE  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Fita is Superb Hotel is in a quiet residential district right near the Van Gogh Museum. It has an electronic key entry. Hotel is clean and pleasant. Breakfast is excellent. It is served in an attractive space. Laundry and international calls are gratis.City center is ten minutes away by tram. My wife and I (we are senior citizens) loved Amsterdam and our day trips by train to the Keukenhof Gardens, Delft, The Hague, etc.The proprietors of the hotel are very nice. There is excellent dining nearby. One place we went back to several times was Bark, an excellent seafood restaurant.Look forward to returning to Amsterdam and the Hotel Fita  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location We enjoyed two delightful stays at Hotel Fita within a seven month period ( October '05 and May '06.) This small hotel is perfect forthe tourist who enjoys a Bed and Breakfast experience in alarge city. Our gracious hostess not only welcomed us toAmsterdam; but provided us with invaluable tips for touringHolland. She explained the excellent tram system, pointed out themuseums and attractions on a convenient map, alerted us tothe free classical concert rehearsal, and recommended variousrestaurants in the area.Breakfast, served in a lovely setting, featured a complete buffetmenu including freshly squeezed orange juice, scrambled eggsand bacon, flakey croissants, tender cinnamon rolls, cheeses andmeats.The hotel is located within steps of the Van Gogh Museum,close to the Rijksmuseum and five minutes from theConcert Hall. Obviously, we enjoyed Hotel Fita and would plan to return there on any future visit to The Netherlands.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fabulous hotel in the Museum District I was recently in Amsterdam and stayed at the Hotel Fita. It is on a quiet street right in the heart of the Museum District, so it is very close to both the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh museum. This hotel is extremely clean and well tended, and the hosts (the de Rapper family) are friendly and always very helpful. They have several types of rooms to choose from and all are reasonably priced. A hearty, homemade breakfast is included, so you will be fortified for your day ahead. I spent 12 nights at this hotel and staying there greatly contributed to my enjoyment of Amsterdam and Holland.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed about the room compared to the brochure We were 11 persons from my school (teachers) staying two nights from Friday to Sunday.We had different kinds of rooms - we had to accept the rooms available - which differedfrom the first acceptance by mail - till new mails later on. We ended up with two de-luxe-rooms and three others - and as I was also in Amsterdam in the middle of April I went to the hotel to see the rooms. I was showed a really nice de-luxe room on the first floor witha balcony and I deceided that we could accomodate a third person (in an extra bed for asupplement of 40 euro per night) as the room was so airy.It was a disappointment to get room no. 12 on the groundfloor without a balcony - wealso had room no 10 . also a de-luxe room without balcony. Furthermore our windowcould not open the first night - this was fixed the next day. The bath-room is very nice -but the room is not what I would call a de-luxe room - it is ok but nothing special.The breakfast was not special - and you were only offered one glass of juice.The hotel is in a nice area with easy access to Vondelpark and the museums - but not ascharming as the hotels closer to the city preferably in the canal-streets - where the rest of our company was placed.I would recommend a bell at the reception, we hardly did not see a person there.The last day we could store our luggage in the reception, which was nice.I am sorry to say that I will not stay at Fita again - the rooms are overpriced compared towhere I have stayed before - and I did not see the friendlyness prices by other reviewers.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Carol1945
<Content>Wonderful hotel This was our first trip to Amsterdam. We loved this hotel. It's in a great location - 2 minutes to the Van Gogh Museum. The owners are very friendly and helpful. We were welcomed with a glass of wine and snacks. The room was huge as was the bathroom. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busygardener
<Content>Great location We made email reservations for this well located small hotel months ago for a 50th anniversary pre cruise stay in a double deluxe room for 3 nights. We specifically requested a room on an upper floor. We were ushered into room #10 which is main level facing the street. The room was clean  comfortable but definitely not as appears in their brochure. Although we were assured it was a deluxe room in size, we would strongly advise against paying deluxe prices for that room. The hired staff was gracious and helpful. Street noise was negligble, however we left feeling we had not received what we had contracted for. We would stay there again, but definitely not spend the extra money for a deluxe room sight unseen.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet and comfortable This is a bright, quiet, family-run hotel in the museum district. Less than 5 minutes walk to Leidseplein and Vondelpark, and 2 minutes to the Van Gogh museum and Rijksmuseum. Owner Loes and her staff are excellent hosts. The breakfasts are delicious and fresh. The hotel offers free laundry service and can make arrangements for discounted museum tix. Hotel Fita is a great base for exploring the city and we'll have no hesitation to stay here again when we return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Museumplein Hotel Fita is a great place, nestled in a leafy street, just behind the art museums. If you want to keep away from all the noise of the but be near all the life of Amsterdam, this is the place to be. Fita is also close to the trams so you can get around easily, but we prefered to walk as everything is so close.  Very Clean, very friendly and just big enough. We are not keen on the big hotels where they are so impersonal.Amsterdam is going through a massive clean up and is attracting more sober visitors so we enjoyed it. We visited mainly for the art exhibition but found plenty of time to see other things. The Willet Museum was great, it gave you a good idea of how life was and the Rembrandt Museum has been improved dramatically.Fita are happy to recommend restaurants and it is worth taking their advice, every one has been a winner!We will not go to any other hotel when we visit Amsterdam..................Carole Tom Margaret David  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sueco
<Content>Like home My husband and I had a very nice stay in Amsterdam. People are friendly and nice, with a very good sense of humour. And the Hotel Fita is like staying at home. Very clean and nice room, friendly atmosphere, no smoking, wonderful breakfast with fresh squeezed orange juice, toasted bread, eggs, yogurt, etc. Everything you need for a nice stay! We will definitely come back to Hotel Fita next time we visit Amsterdam. And it will be soon!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Return to Hotel Fita         
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most comfortable short stay in town - friendly, familary welcome with drink- very helpful staff- lovely bedroom with large bathroom- excellent beds (we never ever slept so well in a hotelbed- hotel location is quiet and near the center- good breakfast (including in the roomrate)- we enjoyed our stay very much and looking forward to come back to the hotel Fita.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>axle99
<Content>Weekend Break We travelled in a group of 12 for a suprise 60th birthday. Our group ranged in age from twenty somethings to sixty somethings.The hotel is located in a quiet area outside the city centre, close to the Van Gogh Museum. The rooms were large,comfortable and clean which are the key ingredients for a stay away from home. Steps are steep but this appears to be a feature of most properties in Amsterdam and a lift is available. All of Amsterdam can be reached on foot and we were happy to have found a hotel in a quiet location outside the centre. Accomodation in Amsterdam is quiet expensive. As a small family run hotel, the Fita Hotel offers good value for money (in comparison to some of the bigger name hotels we reviewed online) and we would happily stay there again on a return trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Quasar
<Content>Nice hotel but overestimated My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights at hotel Fita.The hotel is nice and clean, our room (a 'deluxe' one) was quite large and confortable, but nothing but luxurious!The property was very kind and helpful at our arrival, but since that we never seen her again.Location is good but not the best, as it is outside the canal ring and it takes at least half an hour to reach Damsquare (the centre) walking, and the neighbourhood is quiet and smart, but poor in restaurants and bars.Breakfast is good (real orange juice is served). Price is adeguate (good value for an expensive city like Amsterdam).In the end we enjoyed our stay, but nothing real special.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and Basic Fita Just returned from a lovely weekend in Amsterdam. The sun shone for the duration and we enjoyed our stay at the Fita. Our room (number 6) cost ?20 per night - it was tight for space but the bathroom had ample room. The welcome drink of champage and nuts was a nice touch.The hotel was exactly how I expected it to be - basic and clean. Breakfast tasted averageFruit cocktail3 choices of sweet cereal1 glass of freshly squeezed orange juice (rationed to one glass per person for some reason)A selection of croissants/breadBacon/Scrambled egg and hardboiled eggsCheese/hamSome people might prefer to be closer to centre of town. Its a good 25 minute walk to Dam Square but we didn't mind the location. Best way to travel to hotel is to catch the Connextions Hotel shuttle bus outside the airport and buy a return ticket for ?7.50. It saves time and drops you right to the hotel door. I would stay at this hotel again because it was in a quiet area and it felt safe.ps the stairs would give you the head staggers!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A charming hotel My wife and I spent a week in Amsterdam and wanted to be near museums and the Concertgebouw. A Dutch friend recommended Hotel Fita over more commercial hotels. We follwed his advice and were totally pleased. Loes de Rapper and her husband run a clean, pleasant hotel that serves guests a good breakfast and lots of good advice for travellers. Stairs are steep but once inside there is a lift. However, the front steps would be a problem for handicapped persons. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend the Hotel Fita to any of our friends planning to visit Amsterdam.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excllent Value Hotel We recently spent 3 nights at the Hotel Fita on our first visit to Amsterdam,and we must say what a pleasant experience it was.We were met by Mrs Loes de Rapper who made us feel most welcome.After the formalities of booking inMrs de Rapper went to great lengths in explaining the important features of Amsterdam and the best ways of locating them and how to tavel to the different locations.Mr de Rapper did advise us to take a taxi from the Airport direct to the Hotelat a cost of apprx 30 euros. Good advice,much quicker and less hastle than using the train.The Hotel was excellent, spotlessly clean and excellent facilities.The breakfast was more than adequate, a choice of cereals, fruit juices, toast, bacon and egg.Yes the stairs were steep as someone says, but we were in Holland and thats the style in this type of property, and there was a lift.All in all we had great time in Amsterdam helped in no small way by the hospitality of the de Rapper family.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Glasgow_Member06
<Content>Excellent base to explore Amsterdam Just returned from 3 nights at the Hotel Fita. Good, clean basic hotel. Very warm welcome from our hosts, Mr  Mrs de Rapper. Good breakfasts with bacon and eggs if you like something hot. The hotel is very well situated - close to the main museums and concert hall and within a two-minute walk to the Number 2 and 5 trams which take you to the main station and the city centre tourist areas. Mrs de Rapper recommended some local restaurants that turned out to be real finds - excellent food at inexpensive prices. Some reviewers complain about the noise from the kids at the nearby school. Forget it; it's not a problem. My wife and I would have no hesitation in recommending the Fita. You'll find it hard to get such a warm welcome elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Virginia19
<Content>A Pleasant Stay in Amsterdam We had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel Fita. We stayed in Room 24, which I think is one of the bigger rooms in the hotel. It was definitely much bigger than the room we had in Paris. The room was very clean and well kept, and while the decor was nothing special, it was fine for our purposes. The double bed was really two single beds pushed together but they were comfortable and we had no problem.The bathroom was very clean and soap was provided but not shampoo or conditioner. The room overlooked the street, but we were not bothered by noise at all. The street is very pretty, tree lined, and quiet just about all the time. While we did hear some noise from the schoolyard in the afternoon, we generally were not there very long in the afternoon so it was no big deal for us.The breakfast is included in the room cost. I would say the breakfast is good but nothing outstanding. The fresh squeezed orange juice is delicious, as is the fruit salad and the yogurt. The eggs and bread and are OK, but the bread seemed not quite fresh. However, having breakfast there is a quick way to get the day started and we had no real complaints at all.The DeRapper family, which runs the hotel, was very helpful and accommodating. We hardly saw Hans, but spoke to Loes on a number of occasions and she was always pleasant and helpful. Often there is no one at the front desk but you can easily contact someone by calling 144 from your room.Having free phone calls to the US and internet access was great. We borrowed their laptop for a whole day to check on emails, and it worked out very well. Even though we offered to bring it back several times, they said we could keep it until another guest requested it.We found the location of the hotel very convenient. If you are interested in museums, this is the place to be! For other activities, it is about a 15 minute walk to the Anne Frank House, and about a 20-25 minute walk to Center City. For the Anne Frank House try to go either first thing or later in the afternoon to beat the crowd.The number 2 or 5 trams pass very close to the Hotel and work well on those days when you just don't feel like walking anymore. We arrived in Amsterdam by train and took a taxi to the Hotel (15 Euros), but I think we could have easily done the trip by tram at much less cost.We took a taxi to the airport when leaving, which Loes arranged for us, and it was 30 Euros. It only took about 20 minutes, but it was a Saturday morning.All in all it was a wonderful stay. If we go back to Amsterdam, and I hope we do, we will definitely stay at the Hotel Fita!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nikatknight
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We recently spent 5 nights at the Hotel Fita while in Amsterdam. The location was good, one block from the Van Gogh Museum. Our rate included free museum passes and free telephone calls to the US. The breakfasts were very good and included eggs, bacon, breads, cheese, etc. The only drawback was our downstairs room. I would have preferred a room on one of the upper floors as opposed to being on the ground floor as the school next door had many kids playing, during recess, right outside of the window. It wasn't a big deal for us as we were gone right after breakfast, but if you sleep in it could be an annoyance. All in all, I liked the hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GrrlAnn
<Content>Family run hotel       View from the balcony  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nclarry
<Content>Excellent value Our room was small but very clean and quiet. Our rate included museum tickets. Hans (the owner) seemed quite gruff but this was really just an act. He was very friendly and helpful, providing restaurant advice and directions. We had to leave at 5:30 a.m. for our flight and he arranged airport transportation for us at quite a good price. The breakfast service was about what you expect in Europe--more than adequate. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We couldn't have received a better welcome than we did on arrival at Hotel Fita. We were immediately provided with a map of the city and helpful advice on what to see and where to go! The hotel was very clean, the room very comfortable and the breakfasts very tasty.Hotel Fita is within 5 minutes walk of the main museums and a variety of restaurants. Trams from the Central Station stop just around the corner. The centre of Amsterdam is a 15-20 minute walk and within easy reach. However, after a day spent in the bustling city it's a great retreat to the quieter area of the city and the tree-lined street upon which the hotel is situated.We would definitely return to Hotel Fita!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well kept secret. During our 8 day stay @ the Hotel Fita,I was reminded of a well kept secret hotel in New York City.That hotel was the Washington Square Hotel.We were very pleased with the Hotel Fita's accomodations.A full breakfast was included in the price and what a filling and good start it was.Hans and Loes de Rapper are gracious hosts.They make you fell at home.Situated near a tram stop and all the museums you could ask for,makes this a gem.If you are going near or far,Hotel Fita is where you want to base yourself. My recommendation is,as a former AAA employee is,the Hotel Fta is a bargain.I highyl recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mary_Barry
<Content>Hotel Fita: Dutch Treat Just spent 2 nights at Hotel Fita at the tail end of a 3-week trip to France and Holland. Hotel Fita was by far the best value of our travel accommodations. The room (#26) was not by any means romantic - more like a very upscale dorm room - but it was reasonably sized and extremely clean. (Cleanliness appears to be somewhat of a fetish with the owners, but heck, you could experience far less wholesome fetishes, especially in Amsterdam!) This particular room had lots of windows and a balcony, which was nice. It also had amenities such as a safe, a reading light on each side of the bed, and a full-sized bathtub with - hoorah - a real shower and complete shower curtain! Beds were two singles pushed together, but each had two comfy pillows and the sheets had been washed and ironed into a state of sublime crispness. We never met Mr. and Mrs. de Rapper, the owners, but the young staff members who we did talk with were most helpful. The staff is sort of invisible most of the time, but appear when you call them, which is fine. The neighborhood is first-rate, quiet and nice for walking. The Rijksmuseum is less than 5 minutes walk away, and is worth visiting even though much of it is closed for renovation. The part that's open is excellent. Vondel Park, also very close, was a disappointment; the little ponds were full of bottles, beercans and all kinds of unsavory litter. Ac tually, much of Amsterdam was disappearing under a layer of trash and graffitti; too bad that such an interesting, cosmopolitan city appears so little cared-for by residents and visitors.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PJMdb
<Content>Lovely hotel in great location My husband and I stayed for four nights in this hotel. Our room was small, but tasteful, comfortable and very clean. We were perfectly satisfied with the breakfast. The location is ideal and we walked everywhere. One word of advice - the hotel offers free museum tickets if you stay three nights and a discount on the room rate if you stay four, but only if you booked directly and didn't use an internet booking agency, as we did. (In our case, there was no saving on the room rate by using the agency.)  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Silence City Hotel FITA Our Group of 10 Swiss Adults had the best advices for our Amsterdam stay-over made by our hostages Loes and Hans! Just simply perfect, many Thanks and best regards from Switzerland  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An average stay Whilst glad of this hotel over some of the others seen in Amsterdam, the hotel we encountered was somewhat different to the majority of reviews read here on tripadvisor. It was easy to get to and from the hotel and airport, the shuttle leaves you to either door and the price was very reasonable. The hotel was conveniently located, being very close to the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum. It was a nice area, a street up from some fancy shops (Chanel, Gucci, etc). The short walk into the centre of Amsterdam was pleasant, so no use of public transport was needed.Our room, number 12, was of reasonable size and was comfortable and functional. It did lack character, and the bathroom could be seen as a little clinical, but at least it was all kept very clean. The double bed consisted of two singles pushed together, which whilst expected is always a little disappointing. Still, they were comfortable with plenty of pillows, which most other hotels lack. The ceiling fan was a welcome addition.Breakfast was poor. The scrambled eggs were in need of some scrambling, forming a huge omelette in their dish. The pastries were plain-tasting, and cereal lacked crunch. Milk clotted up on contact with the coffee. My girlfriend and I recommend visiting one of the patisseries down past Leidesplein where they have good coffee for little over a euro, and a huge range of delicious pastries. Many shops sell fruit, more types than you could name, and these are also good for picking up a very fresh breakfast.The de Rappers were not all they were cracked up to be. We only saw Loes once the whole stay, and Hans on the occasions we did see him was loud and standoffish. This didn pose a problem, just is contradictory to the reports we read here prior to our visit. Having said this, Loes giving us our bearings at the start was appreciated, as it always nice to have an idea where to start off in a new city.Without meaning to sound like I'm complaining, one day our room was not cleaned or our towels changed. This posed no real problem, but does underline the overall service as nothing special.Worth noting for those light sleepers out there is that the curtains were paper thin, and so it was never really ark?in the room.Tripadvisor left me with high expectations, but realistically the hotel was everything it should have been. All in all it was a pleasant stay and a pleasant hotel. I would recommend the hotel to others, I just don see what all the fuss was about myself!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PeachfromGA
<Content>Perfect Hotel A friend and I just completed a 5-night stay at the Hotel Fita, and it was the perfect ending to our vacation. The room rate was reasonable when compared what was being charged at other hotels in the city. The hotel is spotless; the breakfast plentiful; and above all the staff super friendly and helpful. Its small size allows each guest to receive personal attending. The location is outstanding. We felt very safe walking around the area at all times. It's just a short block from the VanGogh Museum and Rijksmuseum. Included in the price were a choice of entry tickets to either of these museums. (Don't miss them; they are extraordinary!) Also received a discount on the room rate for an extended stay - more than 3 nights.Trams heading to all the sights in the city are only one block away. I heartily recommend the Hotel Fita to anyone looking for a warm and friendly hotel in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bussrsf
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a wonderful hotel. The service, location and warmth of welcome were exceptional. The owners could not have been more accomodating. Breakfast is served in a delightful room with a wide range of choices. The rooms and bathrooms were very clean and well appointed. We highly recommend Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its a good hotel, not a great hotel!!! This is not a bad little hotel, but frankly I didn't see what all the fuss was about (see other reviews)!! My girlfriend and I came on a three day break to Amsterdam, and it was our intention to rest and relax!! Serving breakfast until 9.30am is not consistent with my idea of RR!! Having said that, the hotel is spotlessly clean and the the staff are polite (if not a little over-friendly which maybe my problem and not theirs!!) Our room was nice if not a little plain for what was charged. On the plus side, the location is fantastic. I would recommend this hotel in spite of my (fairly minor) criticisms.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcoming Hotel This hotel and staff has character. My husband and I stayed here with our 2 year old son and staying at this hotel made our holiday in Amsterdam perfect. We stayed in a business room, it was clean, bright and welcoming. Most of all the proprietors of this hotel Hans and Loes were helpful and cheerful. The location of the hotel is a stones throw from the Van Gogh and Rijks museums, the road is quiet and tree lined. Breakfast is in a bright dining room. The orange juice is freshly squeezed and the breakfast was varied in choice.We only got back yesterday and I have already recommended the hotel to my parents!If you go to Amsterdam stay at this lovely hotel, it will make your holiday complete.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PeteSD
<Content>Great Hotel A fantastic hotel, very friendly proprietors  staff. Great location, clean  comfortable rooms, at a great price. I would not stay anywhere else when visiting Amsterdam. Cheers Hans. Hope to see you all soon.Peter B.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Fita: Bravo! After reading Tripadvisor's reviews, my daughter and I decided to stay at the Fita for six nights in June 2005, and we should say we do agree with the reviews. The room (number 32, a large, bright and quiet one with a balcony overlooking the children's playground) and the bathroom (also large) were kept spick and span, breakfast was great, and staff very helpful and friendly. We could not be able to use our own laptop to connect to the Fita's wireless network (probably due to a MAC address problem), but Mr. De Rapper (what a host!) took his to our room every time we needed it. And there is also the free phone calls to Europe and the USA... We couldn't ask for more. Bravo!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Friendly Small Hotel in an Ideal Location My wife and I stayed here for eight nights in May 2005 in a good sized room with a small balcony overlooking a quiet street and children playground; it was a pleasant and enjoyable experience. We especially liked:the location ?round the corner from the Van Gogh museum and easy walking distance to the Rijksmuseum, the Concertgebouw and the Vondelpark, useful tram stops and a supermarket, where you can buy strippenkaarten for the trams and metro.the friendliness of the proprietor - who takes a great interest in his guests (and incidentally has a great sense of humour),fresh orange juice and coffee for breakfast,good security ?guests are given a plastic card to open the front door which is otherwise kept locked.We also liked the tranquillity of the place and commend the proprietor for publishing the sizes of the hotel rooms (if only all hotels would do this!). As in most traditional Amsterdam houses, the stairs are rather steep but the lift is adequate.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family hotel in very good location I totally agree with everything said in the previous review titled Comfortable Hotel. We stayed in one of the larger rooms that was spotlessly clean with a very nice size bathroom. The staff were very friendly and helpful and tried to answer all the queries we had.The hotel location couldn't be better as it is only one block away from the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseums. It is also within a 10 minute walk to Leidesplein and then a nice stroll into the centre. Alternatively, the trams are easy to use and both the number 2 and 5 go into the centre.If you have some free time take the opportunity to walk the few blocks from the hotel to the Vondelpark which is a very large green park with several streams and ponds. On the evening we went there it seemed that most of Amsterdam was having a picnic on the grass or listening to a free open-air concert.We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a good, clean, friendly hotel in a convenient location. We will be going back again soon.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feeling at home at Hotel FITA I am Brazilian and I went to Amsterdam for a conference and I could not have chosen better when I chose to stay at Hotel Fita. Hotel Fita is one block away from the Van Gogh Museum and it is the cleanest hotel I have ever been to. The owners are terribly gentle, they are very kind and interested in their guests. They ask if you are doing ok, sit with you and talk to you during breakfast, they really make you you feel at home. By the way, breakfast is delicious: fruit salad, fresh squeezed orange juice, delicious butter croissants and much more. I recommend Hotel Fita without reservation.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Choice I would recommend the Hotel Fita as a good choice for a quiet, clean, well-located hotel in Amsterdam. It is two minutes walk to the Van Gogh museum (a must-see sight), and about 20 minutes walk to Anne Frank House (another must-see sight). It is located on the edge of the central core, and everything in the central core is within a 30-minute walk or a short tram ride.We stayed in a deluxe room for 130 euros a night, which was located on the highest floor at the back/side of the hotel (fortunately, there is an elevator!). The room was a comfortable size, with large windows looking onto a pedestrian street, and was surprisingly quiet. It also includes a small safe, which was a nice touch.The breakfast was quite substantial -- pastries, cereal, yogurt, fruit, eggs, and bacon (or some similar type of meat, which I didn't try which is why I can't remember exactly what it was). The owner is very hospitable and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Peaceful spot in Amsterdam We spent a total of 6 nights at the Fita, three in May and three in June. The Fita is a quiet and peaceful spot in busy Amsterdam. Loes and Hans are gracious hosts, anticipating the needs of their guests while making them feel at home. The rooms are especially clean and neat. Guests do not hear noise from other rooms nor from the street. This was our fourth vacation in Amsterdam and by far the Fita was the best hotel we have stayed in. We will be returning.Lee and Muriel HaegeleFederal Way, Washington 98003  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Best 3 Star Hotel We spent 4 nights at The Fita in May.It is an excellent hotel in a great location.We has a business room which we would recommend-it is worth the extra 10 Euros per night.We can only say positive things about the Hotel,Hans  Loes  their staff.The room was very clean,the breakfasts great  the location perfect.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deweytruman
<Content>Loved the Hotel Fita My husband and I recently spent 4 nights at the Hotel Fita, which is near the museums, canal tours, sightseeing and shopping in Amsterdam. The couple who own the hotel were welcoming and charming. They both speak excellent English. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The bathroom was large by European standards, and had all the amenities. A nice breakfast (same menu daily) is included. The price is moderate and we felt we got great value for the money. We'd stay there again without question.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Offseason
<Content>Cleary Our Favorite We stayed in one of the business sized rooms at the Hotel Fita for the second time in May. We loved it again. The location is fantastic. Hans, the owner, is great with his gruff sense of humor and attention to detail. He let us use his laptop to access the internet when we needed to. The room was clean, quiet and large. For anyone who wants to spend time in the Museums and the best pliens, it is clearly the best. I am even sending my 70 year old Mother and my Aunt there to stay in September.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lbc54
<Content>Hotel Fita is excellant! We stayed at the Fita in April for 8 days. We choose the hotel based on reviews posted on this site and we were not disappointed. The location was excellant. My husband wanted to go to the opera while we were there. It was sold out on the internet so I contacted Mrs. de Rapper and she was able to get us excellant seats! We would recommend this hotel and will stay here again when we are in Amsterdam. The location was convenient for the van Gogh, Rijksmuseum and the Concertgebow. The tram stops were at the end of the block, which made getting the train to other towns a breeze.Amsterdam in April is beautiful!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Fita! We recently spent ten days at the Hotel Fita in Amsterdam. The Fita's location is absolutely perfect - very easy walking access to the museums and Leidesplein (area with multiple restaurants/pubs), and steps away from the tram stop. It is in a quiet residential area, with great shopping very close as well. We stayed over the Queen's birthday, which is a major national holiday in the Netherlands, and it was delightful. We could easily get into the action, yet have a quiet place to rest at night. The room was immaculate with all the ammenities you could possibly need. There was no excessive noise, and I'm a light sleeper. The staff was wonderful in all regards. The buffet breakfast was consistently delicious, fresh, and served in a sparkling environment. Fresh squeezed orange juice and excellent coffee, too! Now let's talk about Hans, the proprietor..... Hello, Hans! This gentleman has given new meaning to the word character. We even dragged him out of his abode one evening to help us figure out how to rescue a trapped cat in the building next door. And his carpentry skills...you must check out room 36. What a guy! Seriously, both he and his lovely wife are exceptional hosts, and they operate the highest quality establishment. To consider staying anywhere else in Amsterdam would be a waste of your time and money.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All round perfect If you want to stay awake in Amsterdam, listening to drunken stag and hen parties, then this is not the place for you. However, if you want to walk 2minutes to the splendid Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum, and wander through the beautiful nearby Vondel park, then this is the place for you. All the major attractions (shops, restaurants/bars) are also within a 5minute walking distance. The hosts of Hotel Fita are welcoming and always available for guidance, with a very friendly attitude.Breakfast is a fantastic start to the day. SO..... If you want excellent value for money ....... WHY GO ANYWHERE ELSEWe'll be back there soon!Richard  DanaManchester, England  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Favorite Small Hotel Clean, Comfortable, Caring, Generous. We had a truly fine stay at the Fita Hotel. .The de Rapper family really went well beyond the call of duty to help us have a great time. Little unusual extras, like free use of a computer, free local calls and beyond made us select this as a number one place to stay.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lexicles
<Content>Comfortable Hotel My daughter and I recently stayed at the Fita. We were in a standard room that, whilst small, certainly met all of our needs. It was very clean, the bed was comfortable, pillows good and we had a clean, large bathroom. Lots of nice little touches, for example we had a chocolate on our pillow on arrival, there is a little inflatable duck in the bathroom, and when we left we were given a fridge magnet of the hotel.My daughter loved the breakfast - freshly squeezed orange juice included. It isn't a huge selection, but what there is is top quality and very fresh.The hotel is in a very good location, close to the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum - this is especially important when you have a child with you as there are some places that you would rather not be near at night! We had no problem finding some good restaurants, including a combined Argentinian steak house/Italian restaurant just around the corner. The next street along seemed to be Amsterdams answer to Bond Street - Lacoste, Chanel etc which was nice to browse. We used the trams (get a strippenkaart at the station or the Albert Heijn supermarket round the corner from the hotel). Trams 2 and 5 stop outside the Van Gogh museum which is steps away from the hotel. Don't walk from the station - it's quite a long way with luggage. We would definitely recommend this hotel. Don't go if you want big hotel style and luxury, but if you want good value, clean accommodation and some nice extras (we got half price Van Gogh museum tickets) - then head straight there.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scotter
<Content>Great location Hotel Fita is in the Museum district, A very nice area. We wallked 1 block to catch the tram that took us wherever we wanted to go. At the end of a long day siteseeing it was nice to be dropped off so close to the hotel. We were in room 32. It was very nice and we enjoyed the quaint balcony that not all rooms had. The English breakfast buffet was delicious and was very enjoyable. There was plenty of options to have something different every morning. The hosts are the owners and they took very good care of us answering our questions each morning at breakfast. They live in the hotel which was nice for availability. We look forward to our next stay at the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pencilneck
<Content>Loved it, would stay again We stayed at the hotel fita last fall and thought we were lucky to have found such great accomodation. The location is within walking distance to the most interesting parts on masterdam, and literally 2 minutes away from the rijksmuseum and van gogh museum. The rooms were exceptionally clean and the breakfast buffet was outstanding. The staff were very friendly. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place - highly recommend it! We had agreat experience at Hotel Fita. It was super clean and very quiet. The breakfast every morning was excellent and generally sustained us all the way until dinner ! The most entertaining part of our day was talking with the owner Hans every morning. He always had a great story and was very helpful in recommending sights to see as well as how to get there. In addition, the location of the hotel was great - close to everything. It is a family owned hotel and Hans and Loes offered wonderful hospitality. We would definitely stay again and would recommend it to anyone travelling to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Fita! Hotel Fita in Amsterdam is truly a gem! The breakfast was fresh and delicious. The rooms are neat, cozy, and most have a lovely view of the bustling streets. The staff were friendly, helpful and considerate. Hotel Fita is the ideal choice when visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very friendly and helpfull owners We stayed at Hotel Fita 3 nights and ejoyed it very much. The hotel is 200 m from Reijk and Van Gogh museums The trams are at the same distance ( but who needs them..The best and easiest way to see Amsterdam is on foot). The room was big and very clean and the breakfest fresh and more thenenough. The owners Mrs. and Mr De Rapper are very friendly and made all they could to make our short visit succesfull ..and for sure we shall return.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine Hotel I stayed four nights with a friend last year. we stayed in a 'Business' room which was spacious and comfortable and very good value.The owners and staff are very friendly and helpful, the hotel is comfortable, quiet and clean and the breakfast is excellent.The hotel is well positioned for the excellent museums, the wonderful concert hall (book well in advance) and some very good restaurants and is situated in a quiet and appealing street. Nevertheless if you want more action, it is only a short stroll away.Overall our stay was very enjoyable and I have no hesitation in recommending the Fita - I have of course booked another stay there for later this year!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peachy11
<Content>average I agree with the last reviewer- I booked the hotel for a stay in Nov after reading the reviews and after staying there I wondered what all the fuss was about. The room was small, plain and basic- I barely met the management, only on the last day when they gave us wrong information about the bus to the airport which meant we missed it and had to get a taxi. I really didn't feel there was any atmosphere to the place- it was clean and basic- quite an average hotel in my opinion. Location was ok- walking distance to the centre. Would look for somewhere else to stay again..  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Galloping
<Content>Not a good Fita for us I booked Hotel Fita based purely on the reviews from the Tripadvisor website which depicted the hotel as a charming, friendly place in a quiet location away from the excesses of the city.The Museum area is very quiet relative to everywhere else and although it is slightly outside the main spots, the trams are excellent and so there is no bother getting to and from the livelier city. So in this respect the location was fine.However in terms of charm, the Hotel Fita has little. The decor is dull. The hotel had false ceilings in all the rooms I was in, making it extremely clinical. Our room once had a high old ceiling but a suspended one was put in, totally hanging in mid air where it couldn't match up to the wall because of the lovely long windows. Lighting was by flourescent tubes hidden above the curtains that buzzed for the entire time they were on. Other lighting was only provided by two bedside lamps, completely insufficient so the buzzing had to be tolerated. We stayed in a double de luxe room. Double....well there were 2 single beds pushed together. Clean.....the room was very clean as was the bathroom. The bathroom was a fine size with a good vanity area. Good lighting, which can so often be a problem in hotels. So this was very positive. However the bathroom was let down by all the awful dispensers on the walls. One for hand soap, toilet paper, shower gel, plastic cups. It all felt very similar to being in the toilet facilities at a school or shopping centre. Do that many people pack the rolls of loo paper away with them before they leave that this was necessary? More disposables in the main room, cups for the coffee tray were plastic with a good supply of plastic inserts if you required. After a long day on my feet between the museums and the shopping I would just have liked to have my coffee from a cup.Finally, the management boast that they know there guests by name. Well I think they would find it difficult to know ours as we never met them. On the morning we were leaving I looked up the phone numbers they had left in the room so that I could call someone to arrange a taxi. There was no number for reception, only the management, so I called that. I was greeted by a most unfriendly host who quite literally scolded me on the phone for making the call and then did so much heavy breathing to reiterate how irritated he was I did begin to wonder who was the guest and where was the lovely man who everyone speaks of on this site ? We eventually got a taxi by leaving our room and going down two flights of stairs to the breakfast room to find a staff member to call one for us. By the time we left that morning I was so annoyed, I almost felt I had been robbed as I signed for the bill. If you like the smell of bleach to assure you that a hotel room has been cleaned, by all means stay at the Hotel Fita. If you are looking for charm, then this is certainly not the place. Breakfast is not so fantastic that you wouldn't get the same elsewhere, and given that we had to send back sour milk on our first morning, I am not so sure that this place is as efficient as they would like you to believe. Its clean.....thats about it. I am at a complete loss as to know where all the fantastic reviews on this site come from.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable Hotel Fita, from Spain Thanks to our election of the Hotel Fita, our stay in Amsterdam was unforgettable.We are used to traveling, but it is not easy to find hotels where the stay is so pleasant; even less, in tourist destinations so important as Amsterdam. Moreover, when traveling with a 6 years-old boy, we really appreciate the characteristics that make easy the satisfaction of our neceessities is this matter.And in this way, they are several reasons that made the stay at the Hotel Fita so extraordinary:1. The localization: the beautiful building of beginning of the 20 century (built to the typical style of Amsterdam), wich is just barely at 50 meters from the Van Gogh Museum and, therefore, also beside the Rijskmuseum and the Stedelijk Museum. The pleasant walk to the Leidseplein Square (one of the most lively night spaces, where there are plenty of restaurants and terraces; and very calm for families) it is carried out in just 5 minutes. Also in 5 minutes you can arrive to the romantic Vondelpark that also has an area for child games. For other locations, there is a complete service of trams, wich bring you to the most tourist places.2. Services: the Hotel Fita overcomes the requeriments of tranquility, cleaning and health; with an exquisite politic of no smokers.3. Welcome: staying at the Hotel Fita, you will realize that the family de Rapper really enjoys their lifestyle, beyond their work. The warmth with which they welcome you, the constant concern with which they worry about your satisfaction, and the atmosphere of familiarity among their employees, all toghether, makes that you really notice a true custom attention. 4. Details: family de Rapper is specially generous in excepctional details. For example: they give 2 tickets for the Van Gogh Museum or for the Rijksmuseum (at your election) and they offer you others tickets (without any additional cost), so you don't need to spend your time queuing up for any tickets. They are pleased to carry out personal favors as bringing you, in their own automobile, to a Rent-a-car company, or to make an urgent laundry for the boy's clothes (and for free), etc.5. Tourist information: the information of cultural events, what you shouldn't miss in Amsterdam and in the rest of the country, is really attractive and, mainly, far away from the sequential information that you get at the receptions of other hotels and, also, in the overcrowded offices of tourism. Trusting their advices is a guarantee os satisfaction.Lastly, you can make yourself understand with them in all languages, also in a friendly spanish, learned in long stays in our coasts.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kittyhead
<Content>Great hotel Our room was very clean  comfortable and we looked forward to having their delicious breakfasts every morning. We're also glad to finally see how the very cool orange juice machine worked! Great location in the Museumplein. We walked everywhere.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great City / Good Hotel My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Fita on Oct. 2004. The room is standard European size (small) but I was surprised that the bathroom was quite large. The location is perfect and breakfast was wonderful. Hans and Loes are the perfect hosts - enjoyed Hans's dry humor and received good advice from Loes.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home-Like Hotel We spent 3 nights.. very clean.. very good staff.. very comfortable.. calm, warm, friendly.. makes you feel at home.. we enjoyed it much.. next time I will be there for sure.. thank you Hotel Fita..  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A_IN_TELAVIV
<Content>Rooms are OK but the management is not Rooms are small ,but that's typical. Basic and very clean. What damaged our stay was the atitude of the manager/owner. We received negative respond to everything we asked for, although we followed all the house rules.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Special time in a wonderful city!!!! Our stay at the Hotel Fita was a very special time in a wonderful city. We were completing our vacation after visiting Italy, Belgium, and Maastricht. We were greeted by our enthusiastic host, Hans, who described many interesting things about the city. The hotel was just incredible. The premises was sparkling clean, from the main entrance to the rooms. The double deluxe was spacious and included a large spotless bathroom. Our breakfast was excellent, from the eggs,bacon, fresh baked goods, fresh orange juice, cereals, yogurt and the endless supply of delicious fresh brewed coffee. Do yourself a favor and invite Hans to join you for a cup. The free telephone calls to the United States and Europe were an added bonus. The Van Gogh and Rijks museums were steps away. Great shopping and restaurants were also close by. When we return to Amsterdam we will definitely stay with Hans and Loes de Rapper again at the Hotel Fita.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamK1
<Content>Great location, food and staff When my husband and I arrived, my husband had injured his back. The staff was wonderful, gave us what was promised. A small room with fabulous breakfast every morning. When we asked about a local laundry, they even did our wash for us! They were more than generous with their time and information. I would definitely return. It is literally steps from two tram lines and the Van Gogh museum!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Experience the Neatherlands Intimatly My husband and I visited the Hotel Fita in Oct 2004. We found the Hotel and accomodations more than adequate. The location was perfect , close to everything but most impressive were the hosts, Mr and Mrs Loes De Rapper; they were magnificent in their roles. I would reccomend Hotel Fita heartily.Gayle Hendrick-Messner  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Simma14
<Content>5 stars A lovely hotel ideally situated for all the visitor highlights.Very comfortable and welcoming - the staff are so friendly too.The breakfast cabaret is an excellent way to start the day - along with the freshly squeezed oranges!Will certainly return next time we visit Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no so good... Cold and noisy We stayed in a busineess room for 3 nights, the room was clean and confortable but 27 meters...? Besides the heating was very low, and sometimes we were really cold, overcoat in the batroom...But the worst thing, it was the horrible noise, every mornings our up neighbours waked us up. The noise was so high that it seems that the ceiling was going to fall down. It was not their fault, beacuse in this hotel there is not soundproofing...!!! and in our oppinion in a 3 start hotel it should be fixed.Staff is really nice and helpful, and breakfast very good.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Fita! We stayed at the Hotel Fita for our fifth wedding anniversary and it was fantastic. The hosts, Hans and Loes de Rapper, are lovely, and have thought of every detail possible to make visitors feel extremely welcome. Hans' humour is hilarious and the English breakfast is superb. Staying in a non-smoking hotel was greatven our smoking friends welcomed the change! There is only one thing that we would add to make make the hotel even more perfect - sausages with the breakfast!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nl
<Content>1 Small Room The Hotel Fita has a lovely location but when traveling for business a room for 1 person is smaller than small. Not accomodating enough for business travel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality for Couples and Small Families After a long day of travel we arrived at Hotel Fita to a warm and kind welcome from Loes who was able to put us at ease and even offered to do a load of laundry for us. We were settled into our large clean room which had a cot already prepared for our 11 month old daughter. During our stay we were able to enjoy the excellent breakfasts and walk to most of the best attractions in Amsterdam. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful in meeting our requests including planning our days. We had a wonderful stay and would easily recommend this hotel. We hope to return one day.P.S. - Hans will serenade you at breakfast for one Euro!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place To Stay We stayed at Hotel Fita twice, and were VERY pleased with the hotel. It is in a quiet and comfortable area. The hotel is close to various interesting attractions, and the museums near by are breath taking. The Hotel personnel are gracious and very eager to help. The hotel is also placed near a restaurant center, filled with good, not to costly restaurants. Ask about tickets to certain museums. We would recommend renting a bike(s) for a day or more and going around the city, and on scenic routes.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check It Out! You couldn't ask for a better hotel when it comes to location, comfort, food and...the owners gave us such a warm welcome. We were impressed with the rooms. They were cozy and clean. There was a lovely room where breakfast was served and the food was excellent, so was the service. You certainly don't need a car either. The attractions are all within walking distance. (Parking is very expensive, about 28 Euros/day.) We will certainly go back!Bonus...the owners did a load of laundry for us.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An extraordinary week! We had an extraoardinary week at the Hotel Fita!The accommodations were as described, perfectfor our needs, and in a wonderful part of the city.The family owners were so helpful that it made our trip even more successful than we anticipated. Wewere traveling with our granddaughter and I knowshe will never forget the experience; neither shallwe.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prince of darkness
<Content>As good as it gets   showReview(2428524, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For a great stay in A'dam   showReview(2324436, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value and Location -- A Cozy Place   showReview(2301482, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wondetfull and a very clean hotel in a very good location   showReview(2288140, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MishaBBethesda_MD
<Content>Excellent little hotel   showReview(2283287, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Value in Amsterdam   showReview(1888267, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful experience in this family run, immaculate,caring small and intimate hotel with a great breakfast.    showReview(1851581, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Friendly Hotel   showReview(1531400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suspaul
<Content>Great Place   showReview(1258583, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Rooms, Great Location   showReview(922954, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gigi4nothing
<Content>L'ospitalita'   showReview(20685398, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>a-lina-v-w
<Content>Htel vraiment trs correct, mais pas exceptionnel   showReview(20471343, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>clientesCanarias
<Content>el mejor hotel de amsterdam   showReview(19205069, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>baluonly
<Content>Okay - aber war frher besser   showReview(16659271, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Veel
<Content>Estupendo Hotel (y bin situado)       Entrada  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Fatmire
<Content>Zentral gelegenes Hotel mit freundlichem Service.   showReview(14413433, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>M_Manzoni
<Content>Wunderbar   showReview(6490332, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

