<Author>Isabel80
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed here for 4 nights over July 14 celebrations. The room was compact, but had everything we needed, including a well-equipped bathroom and kitchen. The main plus was the location which can't be beaten (in my opinion) if you want to do cultural stuff during the day, and spend your evenings in good restaurants and bars. I suppose it's not the most romantic place, and so would be better for business travellers, but I think the location outweighs any downsides.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>snoopy67
<Content>Great location We enjoyed our stay here. We found the staff friendly and very helpful (english speaking). Apartments are small but clean and modern. Location was great, we walked or took the metro which was less than a 5 minute walk.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>HarveyBob
<Content>Great location and great service - definitely would stay there again The location was great. It was a walking distance to Notre Dame, The Louvre and Metro and RER station which gave you easy access to other things (such as Musee d'Orsay and Chateau Versailles). The hotel staff was friendly and spoke English which helped in terms of simple questions. However, I have to say when I asked them about some touristy tihngs to do, they weren't much help.It's apartment hotel which means that you can cook your own food and keep your fridge filled with your own stuff rather than paying the expensive hotel prices. The supermarket and other cool shops are 5 mins walk away. It was even more handy as I took my parents who are picky eaters.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>rachelleraasch
<Content>Wonderful! The Citadines was a great hotel; the location was fabulous! Next to cool restaurants, Seine, Notre Dame and Louvre.The room was really cool--modern and clean. I wish we could have stayed longer at the Citadines.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AnatomicAlpha
<Content>Does the job Pros: - great convenient location- knowledgable staff- in house laundrette facilities for a fee- free water and coffee- clean roomsCons:- didn't service our room the whole week, even though had promised to- pricey breakfast- uncomfortable fold out sofabed- noisy environmentFine overall if you get a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>NZersabroad
<Content>Wonderful Hotel After having a dreadful stay at the Citadines Trafalgar Square, we were very apprehensive about staying here. However the contrast between the 2 hotels could not have been greater. The staff were extremely friendly and courteous, the room (1 bedroom apartment) was modern and well appointed. The location is superb, and access to all of Paris attractions are within walking distance. We will recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shannan319
<Content>Fantastic location and experience       Sofa bed  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	5	

<Author>Cdn_TravellerX2
<Content>Wonderful stay       courtyard from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jayni
<Content>Great location, well equipped studio. After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor I decided to book this for our two night stay before heading off to Italy. Having previously stayed in an apartment in the Marais which required a key collection from an address miles away, I wanted apartment facilities in a hotel environment and this fitted the bill perfectly.The studio is small but perfectly formed (and you have to be the Incredible Hulk to get the sofa bed pulled out).The kitchen is very well equipped, kettle, toaster, microwave, dishwasher etc, plenty of cupboard space for longer stays, iron and board in wardrobe in lobby area. Decent bathroom with bath (heaven!) and shower over. Hairdryer with a nozzle that will actually dry your hair without blowing it all over the place like those public baths type ones.Little desk area with plenty of power points and a cable for free high speed internet access - this was really good as so many places charge.I really enjoyed my stay here and could quite happily have stayed longer, although my husband found the space a little restricted with the sofa bed pulled out.Grat location, just opposite Pont Neuf, around the corner from Place Saint-Michel. We found a great little Italian restaurant on the Rue De L'Hirondelle, and great bars on the Rue Mazarine/Rue De Buci.Definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMLAJOIE
<Content>Yes Yes Yes       View From The Hall  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sbgtv
<Content>Excellent Location, Excellent Neighborhood! Chose this hotel after reading the many positive reviews. I wasn't disappointed and would stay again in a heartbeat. You can't beat the location--one block from RER/Train  Metro stations, and right in the middle of the St. Germain des Pres neighborhood which is fun and lively! The hotel lobby is bright  contemporary. Celine at the front desk was fabulous and friendly. Everyone speaks English and they were all kind and very accomodating. I booked a Studio which was small, but all European hotels are small. I found the room to be very clean and very modern. We had a wonderful view of the Seine river. The pull-out bed was more comfortable than I thought and the kitchen was definitely a great amenity. Only snafu was there were no outlets in the bathroom. They supply their own hairdryer but the cord was less than 12 long and it hardly reached in front of the mirror. There was an outlet for an electric razor though. Bring your own converter plugs if you're like me and need to plug in a curling iron/hot rollers. But bring along another mirror to glance in if you do. Also, I brought extra towels and toilet paper like one traveler recommended as they don't clean or visit your room daily. We were a 5min walk from the Lourve, Notre Dame, D'Orsay Museum and I'le de Louis, Concierge  the Fab neighborhood of St. Germain. I loved Rue di Buci which is the lively street behind the hotel with tons of famous cafes and shops. All in all, I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. It was a great choice for us and I thank all the previous travelers before me who encouraged me with all their positive reviews.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Vanload_to_Venice
<Content>Paris, pas de quoi and regardez! Just like Eloise....We lived in the 6eme a few years back, before children, and were looking for somewhere child friendly to stay - we couldn't have picked a better spot. Our small girls were delighted as the location, on the Quai des Grands Augustins, is just where Eloise stays when she goes to Paris. The rooms are super, with a mini kitchen, and much more modern and luxurious than we were expecting. The studios were spacious, not too different in size from the smaller one bedroom apartments. If you have older children, I would recommend the larger one beds, ask when you reserve.The staff were a further plus, nothing was too much trouble - unusual in Paris! Luckily for us, we hit a couple of days of hot weather, not so fortunately the air con wasn't working... The staff did what they could (including upgrading our room), but we had a rotten nights sleep. A real shame, because otherwise it was perfect.As for the area, just walk around, the best of Paris is on your doorstep. We bought a two day Batobus pass (36 euros for the four of us), but otherwise didn't use any public transport. The Jardins de Luxembourg are a must with small children, take a picnic from Gerard Mulot, fab boulangerie by the Marche de St Germain. If you are staying a few days, or hit poor weather, head to the Cite des Sciences et Industries. It's a very hands on museum, with loads to do for children age 4 - 16.If you are considering a break in Paris with children, do it! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Citadines St Germain, a hotel with the convenience of an apartment, in a great location.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarymurphyIreland
<Content>Ideal Location We have just returned from a 5 night stay in Paris .The citadine Saint Germaine was an ideal location for a short break.You really get a feel for Paris and lots of restaurents in the locality and life on the streets.It's very close to NotreDame .It's a few minutes walk to a number of metro stations and also regional train station.If arriving by metro get off at Saint Michel stop and its only a few minutes walk from there.The apartment was one bedded ,very well equipped and clean and bright.Staff very helpful and give you a local map with exactly what you need marked eg shop,supermarket,bank ect.Nice reception area to sit in with TV and Internet and coffee complimentary available. Everything was so near it was brillant and you could walk most places or use metro.the air conditioning was working 'slowly' but we hadn't very hot weather anyway so it was ok. They only clean the apartment once a week unless you request it at a cost.This was fine with us as they left us lots of towels .  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>taffyeti
<Content>Great Location Arrived on 27th July for my wife's 40th birthday. Initial problem with our reservation requirement supplied by the agency we booked through whereby we had been allocated a studio rather than an apartment. Desk staff were great in resolving the problem and we found ourself in a very spacious  well equipped apartment.Couldn't fault this accomodation at all in terms of location, size and comfort. We did not sample the breakfast offered by the hotel as we usually picked up croissants and baguettes from a nearby shop and then made use of the FREE tea  coffee machines in the foyer which made lovely beverages.We would definitely stay here again,probably this autumn when the bulk of tourist crowds should have diminished.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AndreaStLouis_MO_USA
<Content>Great hotel! Great set up for a family! This was a fabulous hotel! I had reviewed all of the comments on trip advisor before booking, and everyone's recommendations were right on. One thing I would also add is that when they say sofa bed, they really mean a twin bed and trundle twin bed that comes out. that was great because our two teenagers would not have been comfortable with the traditional pull out with the bar in the middle of the mattress. We also ordered an extra bed for our 10 year old which was equally comfortable. My husband and i had the bedroom. Plenty of space for a family of five - including teenagers. The kitchen set up was great and I was able to make some tasty French breakfast from the grocery store down Rue Dauphine. Air conditioning was great! the decor was beautiful. We didn't have a room with a view, but frankly, we were out of the room enjoying the views of Paris the whole 5 days anyway. Also, consider that if you ask for a room with a view, you are also asking for a window that is fronting an extremely busy, loud, and traffic laden street. It was nice to have the quiet of a side street with no view. I highly recommend this hotel, in particular for families with children or teenagers.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tl8153
<Content>Great location and perfect place to come back to after a long day in Paris Checked in on the 23rd of July for a 4 night stay. The rooms are clean and nice, with a kitchenette that was well equipped for light cooking. The pull-out bed was a lot more comfortable than it looks. It is very near everything that one shouldn't miss in Paris, and am particularly thankful for its nearness to St Michel's amazing eateries and shops. The staff didn't know how to call for a taxi when we wanted one though, and didn't clear out my rubbish until I had to call them. Breakfast was average, although it should be enough to cover you until lunch. On the whole, a pleasant experience and a great place to come back to at the tail end of a long Paris-tourist day.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Skidge
<Content>Wonderful Place for a family with lots of needs.... We stayed here for my brother's 40th Birthday in March. As my father has to walk with a stick and he and Mum probably wanted to go to bed earlier, the self catering option was brilliant.The hotel staff were friendly, the rooms clean and well equipped. We had 2 1 bed apartments, and the sofa beds were used in each as well. The beds all round were comfortable.The only slight criticism is that the bathroom was a little cramped and for parents that are a little slower in life, it may have been a tiny bit awkward, bit didn't detract from the quality.The location was great, and everything was accessible from the apartments. Even the taxi driver who tooks us from Gard du Nord said they were a great place.The hotel staff organised taxis for us and stored our luggage on check out day. The internet facilities and free tea/coffee was also a bonus in reception.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>niagaragal01
<Content>Our stay was wonderful! Our stay was July 2nd to 6th/08 and we were quite surprised by how wonderful everything was. We stayed in a studio apt. #1316 which unfortunately didn't overlook the Seine, but the apt. was very clean, well stocked with two comfortable single beds. I found the front desk staff polite, but I was very impressed with their concierge - he was just wonderful. I was unfortunately pick pocketed at the Pont Neuf (beware of them - they are everywhere) and the concierge certainly went beyond the call of duty helping me with phone numbers and dialed some of the numbers himself and gave me directions to the police station and embassy, he was very concerned, and I just can't say enough on how comforting it was to have his help as I don't speak French. Another wonderful perk was their computers in the lobby - there were 3 of them and it was great to do research and keep in touch with friends. We really didn't have to wait for the computers - there always seemed to be one that was free - plus they also had a printer which was of great help - all free. In the lobby they also had a coffee machine and it also made cappacino and hot chocolate - we found that was a great money saver.I must add that the apartment had a well stocked galley kitchen and eveything was clean. There was a dish washer, stove top, microwave and a small fridge. We bought groceries and the apt. is spacious enough to eat a meal in - after a long day of sight seeing - we did stay in one evening and had all this wonderful gourmet take out and a nice bottle of wine. The TV was a good flat screen and we were able to watch CNN every evening before going to bed.Also as everyone else has stated - it is in a wonderful location close to everything - some great restaurants within minutes - we had a lovely meal at a Guy Savoy restaurant just a couple of doors down - it was called Les Bouquistes - they probably had the best polenta (served with lamb) that I have ever had and my appetizer was a lobster ravioli that was perfect - it was a lovely meal.I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pasdedeux94
<Content>great location and room       view from room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Gurion
<Content>Great location, the bed a bit uncomfortable I booked a large apartment through the Sun Hotels website, for our long family weekend in april. For our kids, 10 and 12 years old, it was the first visit to Paris. I had read a lot about this hotel on TripAdvisor, and the view is often mentioned. I wrote a mail to the hotel two months in advance, and asked for a room with a Seine view. We got the answer that they would do their best. When we arrived we got the opposite, an apartment on the entrance floor facing the atrium garden and the reception windows. It turned out the rate we got at the Sun Hotels web site didn't include luxury like a Seine view. Nothing to do about it then, nothing else avaialble. The apartement itself was clean and well equipped. A towel dryer in the bathroom both kept the bathroom warm, and made the one set of towels we got last for a couple of days. It was a cold weekend, and we got extra blankets from the reception. We needed to buy som winter clothes from the clothing shops nearby, and they were very helpful getting out scarfs and sweathers from the rooms in the back. The spring collections they were selling couldn't help us. But the heating system in the apartement worked well and was easy to adjust. The beds were a little hard and uncomfortable, both in the double bed room and the sofa bed in the living room. Next time I will book from a web site that gives more detailed booking opportunities. The different amenities to choose from does not always become visible on large hotel booking websites. The view would have been worth some extra Euros!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>G0Aussie
<Content>Great location We stayed for 4 nights at the end of May 2008, our Studio apartment was on the 4th floor overlooking the courtyard. It was modern, clean and comfortable and wonderfully quiet, you couldn鈥檛 hear the traffic at all. Excellent location on the Seine River, about 5 minutes walk to Notre Dame, 10 minutes walk to the Louvre. Close to Saint Michel and Saint Michel Notre Dame train stations and buses. The sofa bed was comfortable and folded away easily. The desk converted to a dining table. There are plenty of restaurants and shops close by, a patisserie and pharmacy are in the adjoining street and a small supermarket is two streets away. We didn鈥檛 enjoy the meal at the Japanese restaurant closest to the apartment. The Lido Cabaret show is fantastic - buy a Paris Visite pass at the train station and in addition to train and bus travel one of the benefits is a 50% discount on the Lido champagne evening show (Paris Visite pass must be valid for the night of the show), plus discounts on some other attractions (e.g. a seine river cruise, entrance to the arc de triomphe), as a couple we saved 100 euros just on the two Lido tickets and the passes only cost 19 euros each!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>eacsmum
<Content>Beware! Hotel overbooks and moves you to old, musty hotel!!!!!!! We booked, paid for 2 large apartments for a 2 night stay here March 23, 2008. I had stayed previously in November. The location is great and the hotel is new and clean. I had read several negative reviews about the unhelpful, disinterested staff, and about the hotel overbooking and saying they are fully booked when you arrive. However, we decided to risk it do to cleanliness and great location. November's stay was uneventful. When we arrived in May, however, they said oh, we are very sorry, but, how do you say--we are fully booked. So after a 2 hour stand off in the lobby (during which time we learn from other travelers and a certain compassionate staff member at the hotel, that they do this all the time!) We eventually agreed to be moved to the CItadines about 3/4 mile away- way, way behind the Louvre...do't let them fool you with the promise of its great location. This ancient Citadines was old, musty, smelled of smoke, carpet stained and of course, on a much cheaper price scale. We had already paid for our apartments through Expedia, and Citadines promised to contact Expedia about refunding us one night stay. BUt, of couse, we will be SHOCKED if that were to really happen. We were so disappointed as we had others we were meeting up with over the weekend (long, long distance relatives). They had booked all their rooms around the corner from the original Citadines. BUt now we were quite far apart. (small children were involved!) DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN TO YOU! THey overbook on purpose as they have contracts with the airlines and take care of them first....then decide who to bump. I had read several reviews such as mine. But, they have been taken down from this sight. BEWARE!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>yellowroseVA
<Content>Yes, yes, yes!! We LOVED the studio apt in this hotel. Knew nothing about it before booking and arriving there. Most pleasantly surprised. Staff were wonderful. Very comfortable studio w/efficient kitchen. We requested twin beds b/c concerned that we would get a sofa bed--not so. The beds were regular beds w/firm, comfortable mattresses. The location was ideal--could see and walk quickly to Notre Dame, Sorbonne, shops, restaurants, St Chapelle and other sights. A slightly longer walk to Louvre. Overlooking the Seine and a wonderful neighborhood to explore.We are 2 active Seniors and found this an ideal location for walking and Metro. Bathtub is high and anyone w/hip or knee problems will need assistance getting out of it. Wonderful bakery around corner; also, we liked the MonoPrix market on St Michel Boulevard, but be sure to go downstairs--where the real market is. Reasonable and have a good wine selection. We definitely would stay here again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>bobie
<Content>Fantastic stay at Citadines       lobby  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ruggles_bear
<Content>5 star self-catering apartment Stayed for 5 nights. 5 star apartment with superb location and worth every cent we paid for.Apartment was very conveniently located. Bus-stop right across the street, metro (Pont Neuf) and train (St Michel) stations within 5 minutes' walk, and food and groceries within the vicinity. Notre Dame was a short walk away (not more than 10 minutes), and we walked to Orsay Museum and Louvre as we wanted to take in more scenery - metro and train were underground. We even walked to Eiffel on the first day of arrival! All we had to do was walked along the river. It was a long walk with an unexpected detour - the president was arriving at an institute nearby that day and roads were blocked - but was otherwise quite interesting for the scenery.Amenities and facilities in the apartment were of hotel standard. There was also a laundrette where guests could do their own washing at a cost - exchange cash for token at the front desk. There were three internet-ready computers at the lobby - free of charge.We arrived in Paris by high speed train and Initially wanted to take the underground to the apartment. But the bus seem a more logical option and it turned out to be so, since the bus-stop was right across the street (one-way street). The bus was easier to get on and off with luggage too. Buses in Paris had an announcement service for every stop so you'll know where you're getting to. The bus stops were also clearly marked on a route map at the bus stop for reference. We found the bus service so convenient that we regretted not using the buses to get around at times - we could have taken in the scenery while resting our tired legs. :o) We also changed our minds and took the bus instead of the train to the airport when departing Paris. We got off at the bus stop at Auber, turned round the corner and caught the Rossier bus to CDG (cheaper than Air France bus). It was easier to get on and off the buses with luggage as there were only one or two steps. The metro stations were not always fitted with escalators or lifts and would have been more tedious for us. The Rossier bus took about 40 minutes to get to the airport on a Sunday night.On the whole, we had a pleasant experience staying at the apartment.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FamilywithTeenagers
<Content>Fantastic locatiion We booked an apartment for 4 at this Citadines. We were allocated one with a smallish but adequate double bedroom, and a reasonable sized living room with a small but perfectly functional kitchen at the end. The sofa converted into a single bed, with a rollaway underneath, which we set up as a seperate bed. Perfect for our teenagers who would not have wanted to share beds! All the beds were comfortable. Bathroom was modern with a powerful shower and lots of shelf space. There was proper coffee available free all day in the foyer - excellent.If you are not paying the extra for the riverview rooms, (we did not) I would recommend asking for a room on a higher floor as our second floor apartment looked out onto a courtyard made up of the backs of all the buildings. It would probably have been brighter on a higher floor.This Citadines aparthotel is in a superb location, right on the banks of the Seine. It is 3mins walk from St Michel metro/RER station, which has good links to the Gare du Nord (and therefore Eurostar). A 10 min stroll eastwards along the riverside took us to Notre Dame and the 2 islands in the Seine, and a 3 mins stroll in the opposite direction took us to one of the many bridges across the Seine and voila! there was the Louvre in front of us.For cafes, restaurants and a Champion supermarket, we walked 3 mins round the corner from the hotel - Rue de Buci was delightfully atmospheric and lively, in a smart unthreatening way.Another tip was the Batobus (www.batobus.com) - a river bus with about 8 stops on the Seine (including one near this Citadines). We used it intensively one day (12 euros for 1 day pass) and enjoyed it alot because it was a great scenic way of seeing the city, of getting from A to B etc and for resting our weary feet between loads of walking! The bus operators were all very pleasant and spoke good English. Overall, we found Paris bright and clean and would definitely visit again, staying at either this Citadines or we'd try the one which was even nearer the Louvre.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RamblinRoger
<Content>Great Visit Location, location, location. This hotel is right in the middle of the best Paris has to offer. On the Rive Gauche, 6th arrondissement, within 5 min. walk of Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter, the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay, Les Halles shopping and the St Michel Metro station.I stayed in a studio room for an extended weekend. The room was clean and comfortable. As stated elsewhere, the rooms are not cleaned on a daily basis, but supplies (light bulbs, towels, etc.) are delivered upon request. The sofa bed was comfortable and bathrooms appeared to be recently rennovated.The staff was friendly and helpful. This was my first trip to Paris and they provided suggestions and directions for sightseeing and dining. After reading some of the older comments here, I was somewhat leary about the service and attitude of the staff, but there was no need. They were warm and eager to please.I found the best rates at HotelClub.com. While you won't be pampered like you're staying at the George V (no bell hop, doorman or concierge), I doubt you'll find a better value. And did I mention - you'll love the location.Other suggestions: www.bee-shuttle.com for transportation from Charles de Gaulle airport, 鈧?4. L'open tour buses stop in front of Note Dame and allow you to get on and off at will, audio tour is just OK, but open top is nice. RER B line to Orly airport is close and cheap yet easy and reliable transportation.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>5670
<Content>Joining the Chorus! Wow! I'd like to echo the sentiments of previous posters. My husband and 15 year old daughter stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment the last week in March. It was a welcoming cozy retreat after being battered about by the wind and the rain. It was great having kitchenette facilities. We shopped at the Monoprix on Boulevard St. Michel across from the Cluny Museum. Brought back a lunch of cheese, ham and a baguette, along with a box of pampelmousse juice (ruby red grapefruit). Tip: bring along your own plastic wrap, ziplocs, a small bottle of dishwashing liquid and sponge. Also, no paper towels, napkins or Kleenex are provided. You can walk to most major sites. In the late afternoon and evenings, we were exploring the streets and alleyways behind the hotel. I've stayed in much more expensive locations, but none more convenient to the historic sites or entertaining.My husband and daughter enjoyed hanging around the lobby drinking the coffee and hot chocolate from professional looking machines. They were waiting to use the three computers provided for public use. The breakfast is delightful: rolls, butter, jams, cheese, yogurt, cereal and granola. It's also expensive at 9 euros per person. My family does so love the Euroopean breakfasts! We bit the bullet and spent the money. To sum up, what a great place! PS: I've seen this hotel offered by packagers like United Vacations and Delta Vacations. I believe it is possible to pay way less than the posted price.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>YellowArrow
<Content>great location We selected this apert hotel as one of the choices with a package through Northwest Airllines. We spent three nights here -- my husband, myself, and two teenage daughters. The location was great -- easy walking distance to metros, restaurants,and many sights. The rooms were much larger than the average Paris hotels we have stayed in previously which was great for a pary of four. Plenty of room for all and a separate bedroom for us. Had many excellent meals in the Rue de Buci area, along Rue St Andres-des-Arts, and a great Italian restaurant on the corner of Rue Christine and Rue Dauphine. Also loved the coffee machine in the lobby where I could get a cappucino at any time!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>coolbeans
<Content>Wonderful Place!! We stayed at this location 20-22 March and it was wonderful! It was at the foot of the Pont Neuf bridge and within easy walking distance to the St. Michel metro stop and square. We also walked to Champion supermarche for groceries and Paul's for croissants and coffee.The front desk people were very helpful. There is a left luggage room where your bags can be held for the afternoon.If you need daily fresh towels,soaps,etc., this is not the place for you. These are mini-apartments and no extras are provided (spa,concierge,etc.). The internet worked fine- just re-boot if you have trouble (teens using the computers and downloading 'stuff').I'll probably stay there on my next trip.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>HappyMint
<Content>Perfect Location for First-timer in Paris! I stayed at the Studio of this apart'hotel from 11-16 Mar. The room is spacious with sufficient lightings, power plugs are well placed for charging mobile phone  camera, the mattress is comfortable (with sufficient back support), the water pressure for shower is great, the kitchenette is well equipped, the knives are sharp, the plates  bowls are clean. Dishwashing sponge is provided, but not the dishwashing liquid.The location of this apart'hotel is really great for first-time visit to Paris. Bus no. 24 from Gare de Lyon stops right infront of this apart'hotel. This same bus stop also has no. 27 that takes you to Auber bus stop where the bus stop for Roissybus is just around the corner to take you to CDG airport. This mode of transport is highly recommended as you just need to carry your luggage up  down the bus once instead of the many flight of stairs at the metro stations.St Michel  Pont Neuf metro stations are also within reach for travelling around  out of Paris.Attractions like Notre Dame, Musee d'Orsay, Lourve are within walking distance. Same for the River Cruise, which is just at the tip of Pont Neuf. Eiffel Tower  Arc de Triomphe are not within walking distance but if you do not mind the distance, the walks are quite pleasant.Supermarket, bakery  butchery are behind the apart'hotel a few buildings away. I suppose it is a common question that the counter staff has the map ready when you pop the question where is the nearest supermarche?If cooking is not preferred, there are plenty of eateries around St Michel metro station or around Notre Dame.If you are a chocolate lovers, you can find at least 3 shops on your way to the supermarket.To sum it all, I did not regret choosing Citadines St Germain as the base for my first visit to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Rho21
<Content>Great location in Paris We stayed in the Citadines at St Germain in Paris. The rooms were comfortable, if small. We had a fully equipped kitchen, Internet available 24 hours in the lobby, and the location was perfect. The beds were comfortable and all the other amenities were as promised. We were not in the rooms much, but the time spent there was comfortable. We asked to be moved to the back because of noise from the street and we were immediately switched to a room quite as a cemetery! Would stay there again. Oh, did I mention we got a great deal through a Delta airlines package.?  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fairviews
<Content>Loved the location This was our first trip to Paris and the Citadines was a perfect location. The latin Quarter was a great place to eat and pretty reasonable prices. The Great Canadian Pub was a 2 min walk and had great food and lively atmosphere where everyone spoke excellent english. No problems with the hotel at all. The front desk personnel were very helpful and polite. We highly recommend to do the Free Paris walking tour that meets at ST Michel daily. The guide was great and took us to all the major sightseeing places with great history and education, then you tip him whatever you feel is appropriate at the end. Lasted 3.5 hours and was excellent. They also offer a free Monmartre tour and a Pub Crawl for 10 euros with drinks all night. See the Freeparistour.com website. Had a great time overall!!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisa222
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Apartments Booked 2 one-room apartments for our family of 4, plus 2 grandparents through a airfare/hotel package with Northwest (good rate.) The small kitchen was extrememly helpful for breakfast, snacks, and some lunches since we had 2 teens along. Since this is an aparthotel, the rooms/linens are changed every 5 days (or pay for more frequent cleanings.)The location is perfect--minutes away from Notre Dame, the Louvre, the Orsay, the St. Michel metro. The front desk gave us a map with locations of an ATM, supermarche, drugstore, bakery, metro, etc. which made living very easy. The front desk was very helpful with directions, store opening times, museum tips, etc, which we would have missed had we rented a real apartment.The problems we reported with the room--lightbulbs, phone, tv, were promptly fixed (within hours.) The front desk supplied additional toilet papaer, dishwasher soap, shower soap, and a wine opener on request. Rooms appear to be recently renovated. Walls and doors are thin, although no noise made it to our bedroom (located on an interior courtyard.)For our family, a combo of old/young, this was the perfect compromise between the space  kitchen of an apartment, and the helpfulness of a full-time front-desk, and full-time maintenance. I also did not want to spend time waiting to be met at an apartment or fetching a key. Citadines does allow rental of less than a week, which gave us flexibility (although at a price.) We used greyshuttles to/from CDG for the 6 of us. The private van arrived on-time, meeting us outside of luggage (and help the grandparents with their bags.) Perfect timing on the return trip, also. I had a previous BAD experience with BLUVAN, so I am happy to report greyshuttles was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EyeDocBrazil
<Content>Great location; recently renewed I tryed to stay at this very property one year ago and it was a complete disaster, but luckily I was able to get out without any cancellation fine as there was not hot water at the hotel at that time, so it was with great concern that I`ve agreeded to return this year ,but my tripmate assured that they had completely remodeled the hotel.I was very surprised to notice that really the hotel underwent great changes: plenty of LCD tvs in the rooms, brand new bathrooms and kitchinettes, new fridges,microwaves and dishware cleaning machine.They have doble rooms that fit nicely 4 people.The location is 100% perfect, a few meters from Blvds Saint Michel and Saint Germain.My room was on the 3rd floor , better than my friend`s one , on the 7th, as it had some descending ceilings as it is the upper floor and conforms to the roof.The breakfast is repetitive and allright for a weight losing program, but we all know that French people are not fat, so one must addapts.The rooms are not cleaned during your stay but I believe that they consider the place like a short period renting room than like an hotel.For the 300 euros that I麓ve paid, I wouldn`t have found anything even close in quality in the same city area.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>JuneHawaii
<Content>Perfect hotel in a perfect location       Studio Kitchen-note the cute white box mini dishwasher  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>erinandnay
<Content>okay for a short stay I will keep it brief as it is late and i am currently using one of the two internet computers that are working at the hotel. The rooms, although modern and clean, are only cleaned every five days, so we have easily run out of fresh towels, soap, toilet paper etc. Also, the 'free' internet is a sham as only two work and none seem to be repaired ever. The hotel is close to St Micheles metro and there are a lot of places to eat nearby, just dont go to the pizza/pasta place on the corner as the service and food is crappy. Almost all the staff are friendly and helpful and the kitchenettes are very well equiped if you need to feed children or have an easy breakfast:  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>DenTrav
<Content>Great place in Paris We stayed in a studio room over Veterans Day weekend. The hotel is very clean, modern, and really well located for seeing Paris (and hanging out in the Saint Germain cafes!) I was a little worried about some of the negative reviews I saw on this website, but everything was great - from the front desk staff (who were really nice) to the pull out sofa bed (very comfortable, nothing like US sofa beds). We also really liked having a little kitchen area for making some breakfast and such. Good choice!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>junnie20
<Content>Fantastic place to stay This hotel has been newly renovated with modern, chic design. The location is unbeatable in St Germain where there are cute little cafes and boutiques just a few minutes walk. It is walking distance to most tourist attraction. Staff were friendly and made our stay in Paris wonderful. I had fallen ill and the staff had arranged to send a doctor to the room in an hour. And this is on a Saturday morning! Would highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shrink123
<Content>Wonderful for 4! Found this very convenient, very comfortable spacious apartment hotel after pouring over the internet. Was very surprised when it lived up to our expectations. Studio style with 2 TVs, large table and master bedroom at a reasonable rate. Unbelievably convenient location. Staff were excellent and available. Even faxed back a document to the US for me for free. Had a great 4 nights in this wonderful city of lights. If you have lots of money consider the best restaurant in Paris Laperouse, nextdoor.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ljc3003
<Content>Location, location, location and accessibility We recently returned from a week stay at this fine property and only want to add a couple of points to the previous reviews.Everyone raves about the location, and they're absolutely right. We love the Left Bank, but have also stayed in other areas of Paris. The only thing to surprise me about the location was that the rear-facing rooms (they call them the garden view I believe) were so quiet. We were there during the Rugby playoffs and Nuit Blanche and were pleased to be able to duck into silence after leaving the ruckus on the nearby streets.People who complain about the service here have simply not grasped the concept: it's called apart-hotel, and does straddle the line. We enjoyed having the kitchenette (very small, but more-than-adequately equipped) and opted to clean up after ourselves for the week. Minor requests were handled quickly by the staff and we required no additional servicesAs I use a 3-wheeled scooter for mobility, accessibility is always a paramount concern in my travels. Frequently hotels will bill themselves as accessible without noting (or perhaps even realizing) that just one or two small steps at the entrance will keep me out. This hotel has only a 1-inch lip at the entrance and is completely flat thereafter (at least all the parts I saw). We had a standard studio; I do not know if they have handicapped accessible rooms.Finally, there are now 3 computers with free internet access in the lobby. This was a big plus for us..  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jefarr
<Content>Great experience-am returning this December I stayed with my husband and three children, age range 4-14, at Citadines St-Germain-des-Pres. We arrived late December and stayed over until early January. It was a fantastic experience. We arrived and were directed to a large modern apartment with plenty of room to accommodate all of us comfortably. The furniture is modern and functional (which was fine for us as we were not looking for lavish or bed  breakfast antique decor). The desk staff were polite and helpful. Upon check-in they gave us a map of St Germain and highlighted where the nearest supermarket was without us having to ask. An additional bed for our four year old was delivered and installed immediately upon arrival. The small kitchen was immaculate and well appointed. The hotel position is amazing-walking distance to the the Louvre, Notre Dame, great restaurants. When our child fell ill on New Years Eve the desk staff obtained an English-speaking doctor for us who came straight to the room in just over an hour after the call. We didn't use the breakfast buffet at the hotel but it looked fairly basic so I would recommend venturing out to one of the local patisseries or breakfast in your apartment if you've got kids. Overall a great experience. We are returning to the Citadines St Germain this December.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Paradegirl_nyc
<Content>Modern, Clean, New, Large Rooms and a PEFECT Location!! I stayed in a one bedroom apartment at the Citadines Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pr茅s Apart鈥榟otel from Saturday September 1st through Wednesday September 5th. I had read the mixed reviews on here and was blown away by my Citadines experience. I was traveling with my parents and this was the perfect solution to not getting 2 small rooms in a small hotel! The hotel overlooks the Seine and is only 陆 block from Pont Neif. We walked to the Lourve in under 10 minutes as well as explored San Germain (located down the streets behind the hotels) for many of our meals. Notre Dame was less than a 10 minute walk as well/The room was modern and spacious for Paris. There was a small flat screen TV in the main 鈥渓iving鈥?area as well as one in the bedroom. There was a spacious desk with internet available free via modem (just plug in the Ethernet cord and you are on). The desk had a side table that pulled out into a table you could use to eat on. There were extra chairs in one of the closets as well. The couch pulled out into 2 single beds. I only needed one, so I left the other bed, a trundle or captain鈥檚 bed, under the sofa. The bathroom was quite nice with a full shower with high shower head, heated towel rack and just enough towels for 4. There were no washcloths 鈥?which I later learned is typical for Paris. The toilet was in a separate room down the hall by the kitchen 鈥?which actually worked out well. There was a small kitchen with a small fridge, stove top, microwave and mini-dishwasher. This was the best feature for us as we could bring in beverages for night. There were 2 hanging closets and 1 linen closet that could be used for clothes as well as a small safe. I do not remember a clock in the room, although we did use the phone service for wake up calls. We did not get the room cleaned while we were there; I believe it is 5 days before that is included. When we needed more tissues or toilet paper, the front desk was happy to provide these items.The hotel staff could not have been nicer. We did not expect to use them as a concierge, although they were happy to point us in the right direction. Many times we saw the Assistant Manager sitting in the lobby with a map showing guests where to go. We did not expect them to carry our bags either, and carts were available in the lobby. They arranged taxi鈥檚 for us to the airport and stored our bags for us the day we departed until it was time to leave. (Expect about 50 Euro via taxi from the airport to the hotel.)We only got coffee, tea and hot chocolate in the lobby each morning as we went into San Germain to the many bakeries to get fresh pastries and croissants each morning. It looked like a basic continental breakfast, but for 9 Euro a person, we didn鈥檛 think it was worth it.This hotel, as well as this chain, is a hidden gem in Paris! The location was fantastic and the quality of the accommodations was top notch 鈥?4 stars at least. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel and will continue to return to this hotel on my future trips to Paris.Please feel free to contact me with any questions you may have.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TheGrimesReview
<Content>Great Location Stayed here for two nights for the France v Scotland game. There was ten of us travelling and therefore this seemed ideal as we had two rooms for 4 and one for 2 so saved on cost. The hotel had no issues with us being football fans or arriving late in at night after celebrating a famous win.Location could not be better right on the river close to Notre Dame and plenty of bars and places to eat. I would come back and stay in this area of Paris again as it seemed to have a lot happening in various back streets.All in all a great stay made even better with the footbal result !  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>JaniceSanAntonioTX
<Content>Great Location, Very Safe, and Modern-Clean My grandaughter (age 17) and I stayed at thisCitadines for over a week. Even though there were a few negatives,like having to ask four days in a row to have the room cleaned up and the towels re-freshed, it was a great stay. The staff is helpful, friendly, but not tooo friendly. The hotel feels and seems very safe; for us, two women travelling alone, this factor is significant. The rooms are quiet, also a plus. But the greatest element is the location. We were in walking distance of the Louvre, Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Shakespeare's bookshop, and the Pompidou. A Champion's grocery store is about two blocks away--convenient. We ate several times at Mamalina's--a hole in the wall Italian--very near the hotel. Our favorite is a great little bistro, Les Augustins, just a bit further down the street toward Notre Dame. My beautiful granddaughter who is a really foodie thinks that this is the best. She recommends the gratin du jambon. Finally, we ate in a not-touristy French restaurant, Ze Kitchen Gallerie. right around the corner from the Citadines. Walk a few feet past the sign for the Citadines Parking Garage on the side street. Even a blase French puppy dog resting under one of the tables communicated that this restaurant is the place to be! The restaurant deserves its good review in the Michelin Red Guide. There are many, many tourists in the neighborhood, but I hope to stay at this Citadines again and again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CondeR
<Content>No service at all. No service hotel at all. You have to carry your bags all over the place. New apts are not aligned, floorwise, with old ones. So, when you step out elevator and you think you have reached your floor you will have to carry again all your bags 4 steps up to reach your room. Terrible. When you ask for help-sorry sir no service. I was with my daughter and wife w/ 3 large bags.(traveling in France for 20 days)Cleaning service(paid) is terrible and lazy.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>Paul_Rachel
<Content>Fantastic - loved the whole experience!!! We stayed there after being given a choice of about four different hotels around Paris from our travel agent. We decided on this one, after being recommended to stay in this particular area of Paris. After booking with our agent we then started reading some terrible reviews on here and started to get slightly worried. Thankfully for us these turned out not to be the case for us.We found the staff really happy, courteous and extremely helpful with nothing being too much trouble. We were pleasantly surprised with our room, finding it not only clean but had a fantastic view and really quite spacious. As for the location - first rate!! Not only would we stay here again, we have recommended to friends and family.Paul  Rachel, Nedlands, Western Australia  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>madeleineUk
<Content>Great location, modern hotel apartment The other reviews do not do justice to the location. It's in St. Germain, on the river, across from the Pont Neuf and the lovely little garden Vert Galant. Turn right and you can see Notre Dame. The Louvre is five minutes walk acorss the Pont Neuf. In two minutes walk, you are at Rue de Buci with its caf茅s, food shops and in the heart of St Germain. The Quai is busy and you will have to pay more for a premium room if you want to be at the front.We were in apartment 1001 for 3 nights, on the ground floor overlooking a small courtyard garden at the back half of the hotel. With the windows open, we could hear no traffic. There was a queen-sized bed in one bedroom, also equipped with a flat-screen TV and a small cupboard. Outside a small corridor with a much larger closet, including ironing board and vacuum cleaner, small safe and shelving. The loo is separate from the bathroom. The shower was not a power shower but the whole apartment including the bathrooms (the loo is separate) were newly renovated. When we asked for extra pillows, they were available, but the blankets were rather thin! The air conditioning is efficient, the carpets in the apartment looked like a throwback to a 1970's acid party but otherwise we could not fault the neutral decor. The second room has a sofa which detaches into two separate single beds - and they were comfortable, unlike most sofa beds. They were easy to put away to use the room as a sitting room during the day. This room also contained a large desk and extra table which could be easily set up for eating. There were four chairs and another flat screen TV. (French channels plus MTV, CNN, BBC World).The kitchen was small but immaculate with a fridge, dishwasher, microwave/oven, extractor and two hot plates and more than enough plates, glasses, pots and pans to meet the requirements of four people. If you are looking for a romantic paris experience, with blowsy chinz curtains and deep romantic beds, this is not the hotel for you (although this is certainly the arondissement you should be staying in). But for anyone wanting a short city break, especially families, this is a great deal, especially since you have a fully functioning kitchen and are surrounded by fabulous food shops. Eating out - and taking drinks in caf茅s can quickly get expensive so you can save some money if only by eating breakfast in your room (don't ear the hotel breakfast in the lobby). The bakeries on the Rue de Buci open early, every day. There are three computers in the lobby and connections in the rooms (although we didn't use this). There's a parking garage under the hotel and laundry machines in the basement.There was a slight drawback about noise - not from the street but the apartment doors to the corridor were thin and we sometimes heard people in the corridor. When you are sleeping, this is less of a problem as you can shut the bedroom door and have the small internal corridor between to act as a buffer. The plumbing was also a bit noisy from the rooms above - something I've only ever encountered before in older hotels in the district.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>loru
<Content>What a wonderful experience! We just spent a wonderful month at this Citadines. I certainly wonder at some of the reviews I am reading. They don't resemble the place we stayed in.We were in a one bedroom apartment which was in the back so it was quiet. It had been recently renovated and was immaculate. We loved the small kitchen and never did try their breakfast as it was so easy to buy pastry and fruit in the neighborhood. (Rue Buci is so close)...a little creme fraiche and voila! a great breakfast in our room. We had two televisions and a large desk in the second room made it easy to do any paperwork we had. Computer hookup was quick and easy.We found the service perfect. The staff answered our many questions, and in many cases made reservations at restaurants for us. Unlike others, we loved having the maid service once a week. It was a pleasure not to be disturbed. In a few instances we needed things and a simple request brought them to us.We loved this facility and would return. What a location! The only problem we found was that the elevator needed servicing on two occasions...but that was minor. The only bad thing is that now we would never stay in a plain hotel..having a small kitchen makes a vacation perfect.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NG_Travel
<Content>Perfection....is close!         
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ready4Road
<Content>Surprisingly Great! I recently took a 4 day trip to Paris with a friend. Unfortunatlely (or fortunately) I had to leave the accomodation booking to practically the last minute. I was looking for an apartment in the Marais - Left Bank area. However, everything I was interested in was booked. I had heard of Aparthotels and decided to give it a try with the Citadines St. Germain des Pres because it looked like a great location. The previous Tripadvisor reviews praised this aspect, but gave it pretty much a thumbs down on the service and staff. I had an entirely different and welcome experience. The staff were extremely helpful on many occasions and so, so pleasant. I can't fault them. The room was very spacious and well appointed with flat screen TV, mini sound system and fully equipped kitchenette. We really appreciated the little corridor that separated the bathroom from the main room, so noise was never an issue. Beds were very comfortable, although the hotel is right on the quai de Grands Augustins which is quite noisy, the room was in the back and very, very quiet. I have been to Paris several times so I do have a basis for comparison, and I can safely say that I will be returning to this Citadine.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>marmo_uk
<Content>Love the location, not so keen on the service I stayed at the Citadines St Germain in 2005  2006 and will be going back again this year because of the location but I would say that if you are going to stay here be aware of the drawbacks before you book.So, the pluses are an amazing location not only right on the Seine but with brasseries, bars, restaurants, boulangeries and a supermarket, around the corner and it's in St Germain which is my favourite part of Paris. It's across the river from Notre Dame and Sainte Chapelle, within walking distance of many other sights and close to a couple of metro stations. The apartments are spacious and it's nice to be able to make breakfast or a quick lunch rather than having to eat out all the time. And there鈥檚 nothing like watching dawn across the city from a river view room.The major drawback is the staff who, on the whole, are be rude and unhelpful. Having said that a lovely guy (Mathieu?) made sure we had a river view last time without us even asking. The breakfast, on the one occasion I tried it, was pitiful. We were charged 15 euros for two tiny pastries and one coffee 鈥?go around the corner and but a delicious breakfast or head to the Champion supermarket and buy supplies.I definitely recommend the Citadines as a great base for a Paris stay, particularly a longer one but don鈥檛 expect great service.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>IslandGirl101
<Content>Very NIce! My husband and I spent two nights in Paris while on our honeymoon last May. We LOVED the location of this hotel, in relation to all of the touristy things we wanted to do. We also loved having internet access in the business center although, they definately need to get more computers. My only real complaint was that we has a studio room with a trundle bed, not even a double pullout couch. We couldn't even sleep next to eachother on our honeymoon, my husband was a foot above and away from me. I never asked the front desk to move us so they could have been very accomodating about the situation. I've learned my lesson, always ask for what you want.Overall, a great Parisian experience  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Elderlytraveller
<Content>Clean the room yourself! Thanks to all the Tripadvisor reviews (which I certainly read first!) I was not expecting too much from this hotel. Unfortunately, by the time we booked it was the only place with a vacancy, which suggested to us that it might not be one of the better hotels. Fortunately we didn't strike bedbugs, but we were a bit shocked that the rooms were never serviced at all, or only once a week. I think that needs to be made a bit clearer to guests. The location was convenient, the breakfast was poor, the staff at the desk were so-so apart from Matthieu, a black guy who was great fun  very helpful. The free computer was difficult to use; it would have been better if there had been several of them, perhaps with instructions on how to change the keyboard for English language usage.The room was the best we have ever had in Paris, spacious  enough space to unpack our suitcases  enjoy ourselves, unlike previous hotel rooms which have been more like dolls' houses.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>paul_mac
<Content>Best location, great service, great VALUE family location We stayed at the Citadines St G which was chosen primarily for it's unequalled postion on the banks of the Seine and proximity to the sites and Metro. It also seemed to be good value for a family of 2 adults and two children (6yo and 15yo) who wanted to self-cater.It turned out to be better than we'd hoped for and much better than many of the reviews we'd read on this site. The rooms were fine and very spacious if a little tired. We mainly used it as a home base and were out for most of the day. We cooked our own meals in the evening in the kitchen (well endowed with utensils and crockery). A few times we asked the desk staff for assistance with bookings and directions and we found them to be incredibly friendly, helpful and efficient.If I have a criticism it is the queen sized bed was a little 'saggy' and the internet facilities limited to one PC for the whole hotel. The area is well serviced with internet cafe's so we coped well despite this restriction.I'd happily stay there again. A real gem.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Malignant Neglect When my wife and I first stayed at this Citadines, several years ago, it had just opened, and we found it charming, clean, well furnished, and we could not wait to go back. The location is absolutely wonderful.Unfortunately, when we stayed there again, a few years later (in 2004), we were extremely disappointed. The furnishings in the rooms were now run down, the desk staff had become most inconsiderate, unhelpful, and incompetent. The desk is manned by very young people busy staring at their computers -- I suspect playing video games. When my wife asked one of the young men at the desk if she could buy a postage stamp from him, he replied, without looking up from his computer, that there was a post office nearby!When guests ask for any assistance -- for instance, with bags -- the desk staff is very prompt in making it clear that it's not their job.Too bad, the location is still great. Although we would NEVER even THINK of staying at this place again, it's a convenient place to use for bathrooms when you are in the neighborhood and you just gotta go.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location, friendly and helpful staff Only the gargoyles have better location in Paris!Easy to reach by train from e.g. Charles De Gaulle airport: line runs straight to St. Michel Notre Dame, right next to the hotel.Good value for money; not a luxury hotel, but a tidy aparthotel with well equipped kitchenette. Suitable especially for longer stays when you want to settle down properly.Hot water was available through out the day, and all our requests were swiftly taken care of by the staff. Having read some of the reviews of this hotel we had our doubts about the service, but armed only with a clumsy bonjour and a smile we were happily surprised to receive a warm welcome, an excellent briefing about the hotel, its amenities and surroundings, maps and whatnot, all in fluent English. The young lady in in the reception even checked for any available rooms facing the Seine, without us asking! And this kind of charming service we got for the whole duration of our stay. All in all, people in Paris are nice to you if you act civil towards them. You wouldn麓t go to a good restaurant wearing shorts and flip-flops, snap your fingers at waiters, raise hell for not having sixteen sorts of diet alternatives and act otherwise rudely in, say, New York? Unfortunately some people seem to think that this kind of obnoxious attitude is the ticket in Paris...The only downside was the modest breakfast, but within 100 meters of the hotel there are at least a dozen brasseries, just waiting to blow your mind with their butter-and-cream delights.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveldoll
<Content>Bed Bugs on our Honeymoon OK, so my husband and I travelled to Paris for our honeymoon in September 2002 and stayed at the Citadines St. Germain. I only discovered this website recently and felt compelled to review the hotel, and hope the infestation has been rectified since. To think I spent a semester in France, backpacked extensively through Europe, slept in countless youth hostels in various cities, and never once did I experience bed bugs....until my stay at Citadines!! I wouldn't wish the following experience on anyone.After the first night, we complained discreetly and immediately about our uninvited guests to the front desk. Rolling up my sleeve to show the clerk my ravaged arm, he insinuated that perhaps WE brought the bed bugs with us! After two nights, my arms, back and torso were covered in itchy bites (and so was my new husband!) We could barley sleep because we could feel them biting us! The room must have been infested for a long time. It was horrific.The staff said they would change the bed linens, but never did, since I marked the sheet and bedspread corners with a little dot of ballpoint ink. (I've since learned the whole room would need to be fumigated; changing the sheets probably wouldn't have helped much anyway). They could not give us another room for some unexplainable reason.My husband and I made the best of it by resorting to the pullout couch in the living room, which was not as infested as the bed! Can you imagine??...sleeping on something not as infested as the bed on your honeymoon?!!! Anway, besides the bugs, it was remembering the truly shocking, rude, unaccomadating treatment by the staff that prompted my review.I really don't know how we got through it. We should have left right away (or raised a much bigger stink about it than we did). Looking back, I wish we had. We weren't so travel-saavy then, and I guess we were just trying to enjoy each other and the amazing city of Paris. One more minor thing...We stayed on a ground level room overlooking the interior courtyard. Outside our window was a dead pigeon, which was never removed after a polite complaint to the front desk. So between the bed bugs and the dead pigeon, not so romantic, n'est-ce pas?!! Good:If anything was good about the hotel it was:1) Location2) Laundry on premiseBad:1) Bed bug infestation2) Horrible serviceLately, it has been reported that bed bugs are rampant in a lot of hotels, so beware!Safe Travels!P.S. We are still happily married!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Aparthotel in Fantastic Location Had mixed feelings about going to this hotel after reading a few of the most recent comments (booked 2 months earlier).There were no problems checking-in. The staff were very curteous and helpful even with our so-so French.We booked an apartment room with one double and a pull out bed. This was very clean and basically furnished with a small tidy kitchen area. Everything you need without being OTT. The view from our room was over a small courtyard, but this was no problem as we just used the Aparthotel as a base. I understand that there are only a few rooms with a view over the Seine.As this is an Aparthotel you treat it just like an apartment with the added support of a reception. I believe the maid comes in once a week so do not expect your beds to be made every day. If you require any additional toiletries or linen you will have to ask reception.The location of this Hotel is fantastic, with the Louve 400m to the left and the Notre Dame 400m to the right. The Metro (RER stop) is just round the corner along with the main stops for the round city tourist buses. We enjoyed the area immensly, it had a relaxed but busy ambience. There are many Cafe's, bars and restaurant within close proximity to this Hotel.In all a very clean modern feeling hotel in a fantastic location.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>malousadiua
<Content>SERVICE IS NOT PART OF THE DEAL AT THIS HOTEL! The staff at this hotel do not care about customer service at all!I was appalled when I asked someone at the front desk to make reservations at a list of restaurants I gave him. He not only did not make the reservations, or did he tell anyone else about it, he even lost the list and did not bother to tell me anything! When I asked him about it, all he said was that he did not do it. No explanations!When you ask for directions, they seem like they are too busy for this, and I just don't leave the front desk until they do something for me.Several times, they don't care if the cab you called has come or not... a total disaster for customer service. There is a young man who was especially helpful... his name was Matieu. You may not be able to catch him though, due to the French work schedule!The rooms were quite worn, the bathscreen leaked, they don't change the towels or the bedding until you ask, overall a very bad value for the money.The location is good, but I would never go back ever again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MHMoo
<Content>Great location if that's what you need I had come from Barcelona on the overnight train and arrived in Paris at about 10am. Was informed by reception that check in was 3pm so I was quite prepared to leave my baggage in the holding room and come back after lunch. Yes, make sure after 3pm was the curt reply. I almost wanted to synchronise watches just to make sure! Finally checked in (1st time at this hotel) and must say that as it's an 'apartment hotel', the studio I got (1214) was twice as big as the usual hotels I've stayed in during my many biz trips to Paris in the 90s. The room itself was in ok condition although I felt walking down the corridor (my room was almost the last at the end of the hall) that it felt like boarding school dorms. Not very clean and a little musty.Lobby and breakfast area was very cheery though with a huge skylight patio-type area and always had quite a good crowd milling around. Seems there was a large group of American students that week I was there.Reception left quite a lot to be desired as they seemed to be much less informed than usual hotel front desk staff. I agree with a recent previous review that they lacked knowledge. I would also go as far as to say they lacked enthusiasm too.Would stay again primarily for the location which was fantastic - just across the bridge at Pont Royal and you're near the Lourve, down the road from Notre Dame and next door to D'Orsay. Close to the St Michel metro and RER. All in all, a average experience but was good for single traveller like me who valued safety and central location.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toolworker
<Content>Worthwhile Despite Some Flaws   showReview(3629861, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ebabe69
<Content>Great Location, no hot water!   showReview(3547129, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mdlighthill
<Content>Perfect Family Hotel   showReview(3484568, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>burgo1804
<Content>Great spot in St Germain   showReview(3369744, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Citadines Saint-Germain - Unimpressive   showReview(3242643, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hotellooker
<Content>A Month in Paris   showReview(1490987, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>costa
<Content>Good value, nice location   showReview(1400017, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dollene
<Content>Million dollar location!   showReview(1384043, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Kept Paris Secret   showReview(1212792, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An elegant shoebox   showReview(846465, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darsuan
<Content>Perfecto. Ideal para familia con ni帽os. Muy funcional   showReview(22208401, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銈堛亞銇?> 銈堛亞銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒┿仾鍫存墍銇亗銈娿伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(20805625, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銈兗銇墜閬曘亜   showReview(19171768, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage, gute Anbindung, nettes Stadtviertel, sch枚nes Appartement   showReview(17433468, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima sistemazione in centro Parigi   showReview(16609875, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇牬鎵€   showReview(19170270, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儶銇綇姘戙伄姘楀垎   showReview(19168760, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kjra
<Content>Bello .. e in un ottima zona!   showReview(11394510, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Violaine58
<Content>Bel h么te, situation id茅ale   showReview(10945591, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>vendetta06
<Content>Ne vous fiez pas aux apparences !   showReview(7395078, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	3	

