<Author>NYCtraveler1500
<Content>Love this hotel! This hotel was a 100% pleasant surprise. From the mixed reviews, I was a bit nervous after booking -- could not have been more pleased with the place. When you first arrive - don't be surprised that it's in a street that seems more like an alley (it was my first time in Barcelona and apparently many of the streets are like this). The staff is exceptional -- every last person treats you as if you're in a 5-star, white-glove hotel. Stefano at the front desk is especially helpful and has great restaurant suggestions.The rooms are not strange in the least - they're incredibly practical and perfect for a business traveler who likes boutique style and doesn't take themselves too seriously (it's definitely not your grandma's hotel :) Good bed. Excellent size safe for laptops. Wireless and wired Internet. Marvelous shower and good towels. Terrific lighting in the bathroom and nice details, like a vanity area. The separate, private lounge across the hall is a small and comfortable space that is perfect if you need to work in your room - feels like you have a little ready-made office. The little cafe room downstairs that's open all day and fully included in your stay is a nice touch. Best moment ... I was late down for breakfast one day and they had just closed the breakfast room. Instead of turning me away, they said they could make me a continental breakfast ... I thought that in itself was very nice and hoped for a croissant and a cup of coffee. But they brought out so much food - one plate of breads, another of pastries, then cheeses, then meats, then sliced fruits ... just beautiful. That was the type of service I experienced from the moment I arrived until the moment I left.I wish I'd like the rest of Barcelona that much. Hopefully, Camper will open other hotels (maybe Paris or London?) so that I can stay more often ...  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>plusfour
<Content>Ultra stylish, and with substance... First time in Barcelona and I had high expectations - people had told me how much there was to do and how cool a city it was. I'd found a good looking hotel through my usual sources but the Casa Camper had been mentioned. From a peak around the hotel website it looked very funky and was only a bit more expensive than my other boutique-y option so I decided to go for it. And.......? I'm glad I did.First up, location.Casa Camper is on a tiny backstreet just off Las Ramblas - tourist centre of Barcelona - in an area called El Raval. Lots of guide books will tell you about how El Raval was the seedy hangout of Barcelona for years and, to be honest, I can believe it, but it now has the vibe of the place to be in Barcelona - lots going on, lots of shops, bars and people and right in the middle of it all. Location then, very good.Next up, the hotel itself.Very, very cool. The design, and maybe more to the point, the extent to which they've followed through the design is stunning - everything matches, everything looks bespoke and everything is very stylish, very modern and very, very cool. The lobby area has a fridge with cool design books and Camper shoes for sale, a massive map of Barcelona on the wall stylised to fit in with the rest of the hotel design and an iMac for you to check your email (oh, wifi is free too). The bedrooms have a 2-room setup (a big bedroom and bathroom - fabulous shower for sharing - and separate lounge across the corridor with hammock, TV and sofa) something which works very well. There are no mini-bars but there are 24 hour snacks and drinks (amazing selection!) available free in reception (alcohol is available, but not free) - all very welcome for a late afternoon topup - especially when Barcelona doesn't eat before 9:30pm! Breakfast is served in the same place and is a good continental spread.The bed was huge and comfy, the shower was massive and powerful (fab deluge head) and the Tivoli radio was excellent - although don't forget your iPod audio cable!Third, the service.Truly excellent. A thorough guide around the hotel and rooms on arrival and friendly, pleasant, cheerful staff ready to help at any point. Don't expect bell boys in morning suits and top hats, but do expect great service and a friendly attitude. Oh and they'll lend you the hotel bikes too...So then, the verdict....Casa Camper is a great boutique hotel - cool location, great design and excellent service. Not for anyone who likes The Ritz or the ultra-traditional 5* ideal, but if you want something that's stylish, funky, comfortable and well equipped, stay here. Not cheap, but highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mayfair Ranger
<Content>Part Luxury Hotel, Part Youth Hostel The Casa Camper enjoys a good location near the university, within a couple of hundred yards of the top end of La Rambla. Reception staff are very friendly and helpful, although many are foreign students and some therefore do not have an extensive knowledge of the city. The hotel claims to be eco-friendly (e.g. recycling bathroom water) so it seemed curious that the air-conditioning and lights were always left on after our room was made up each day.The suites are well thought-out with clean lines and decor, interesting features and strong colours. As some other reviewers have noted, the basic rooms have a curious arrangement whereby the living room is located across a public corridor from the bedroom. You might not feel comfortable crossing the corridor in your pyjamas or underwear - we were certainly glad to be in a suite.The hotel benefits from a great complimentary all-day help-yourself snack bar. A cooked breakfast is however also available to order.If you enjoy light, be sure to specify a preference for a high floor. The hotel is located on an alleyway and the lower floors are conspicuously dark.The Casa Camper is a 4-star hotel, yet with certain youth hostel characteristics. As such it is both unique and charming. Even as someone who would steer a million miles from a youth hostel, I can strongly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>IorekByrnison
<Content>Definitely good Just to add my voice to the consensus of favourable reviews: this hotel i really good and in a very good position too  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Constance5
<Content>I'm fussy I'm fussy about where I stay. I like a comfortable bed, quiet, clean interesting space, kind staff, beverages in the AM. Hotel Camper fit the bill plus and one of the high lights of our trip to Barcelona. First a word on noise since this seemed to be a concern in some of the previous reviews. There was none. The hotel was an oasis of calm in an active, festive and throbbing city. The double glass doors to the lobby shut out all street noise. Jazz vocals played in the background. Our third floor bedroom was silent, the roof top sitting area was peaceful and as a bonus allowed a view of the nightly firworks. With the unfavorable exchange rate on the dollar and the exhorbitant price of even a light snack, having a more than adequatre, healthy 23 hour day and night buffet available was a cost saver and so convenient. Though the Barcelona food is a treat, there's too much to do in the city to be caught up in restaurant searches three times a day. Plus the food with it's emphasis on oil can be heavy. We enjoyed the hotel's fruit and salad. The bed was the right firmness and comfy, the room was dark, neat and elegant.My concern about the neighborhood was unwarranted. We were careful, the usual no swinging pocketbooks or back pant pocket valuables. Several blocks from Rambla on a well frequented street we felt safe night and even early morning going to our airport transport with luggage on tow. The location was perfect, a short walk to the action, but off the main drag. The staff was sweet and helpful, a little short on usual hotel concierge service. Worked out fine for us, we like to find our own way.Would love to come back and/or stay at another Camper boutique hotel elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>scotsguy61
<Content>Casa Camper, Casa by name: home by nature We had been in Barcelona for about a week in an apartment in the El Borne. We had a late flight home and had to be out our apartment by 11 am (the flight was at 9pm) and decided to move to the Casa Camper after seeing it on our way to MACBA.As other reviewers have pointed out (and in some cases seem to have missed the point of) the USP of Casa Camper is its unique room layouts, whereby everyone has what is essentially a suite, a bedroom and separate sitting area. The design takes advantage of this layout whereby the sitting area faces the (noisy) street, and is seperated by a corridor from the bedroom which is well insulated at the rear of the building. Compared to El Borne our night there was serene in its quietness.The functionality of the rooms has been criticised by some of the reviewers but to my mind the hotel bedrooms were well designed and equipped. The beds are huge, the sheets crisp the pillows soft. One of the best I've been in. The toiletries were top notch too. Aircon icy and two tvs one in each room.Staff were super friendly and gave us a late check out till 4 in the afternoon so our last day in Barcelona was releaxed and we had a chance to shower before we caught the plane home. All in all an oasis in the frenticism that is Barcelona.I highly recommend for couples, maybe not for families who may find it a bit sterile.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tangoLondon
<Content>Fantastic! Just returned from three nights at Casa Camper to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. Chose hotel from TripAdvisor site and was not disappointed. Would say this is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in.The location is perfect - two minutes walk from Las Ramblas and also close to the 'old' part of the city which has some great restaurants. Hotel is down small side street off Las Ramblas and is totally peaceful. We had a suite ie. bedroom/bathroom/lounge area adjacent as opposed to other rooms which had lounge area across small corridor from bed/bathrooms. The suite was lovely - huge comfy bed; towelling bathrobes and slippers; large bathroom with best shower ever. Flat screen TV in bedroom and one in lounge area, which also had a lovely hammock!There is a breakfast area adjacent to reception. Food was excellent. As well as breakfast, there is food/drink provided on a self service basis all day for free - quality is excellent. Sandwiches/pastries/fruit juices/tea etc.Above all, the staff are wonderful. A complimentary glass of champagne on arrival (perhaps due to our anniversary?); an anniversary card in our room. Stefano at reception recommended a restaurant for us to try each night - no pressure, just gave us the addresses and directions. They were all great choices.One of the staff told us a Casa Camper was opening in Berlin next year - they should have them in every city!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iretravel
<Content>Great for Families We stayed at Casa Camper in mid-July (2 adults and two young boys - 5 and 7). We took a suite which provided plenty of room for everyone and was good value. The boys loved the hammock. Suite very nice and good air conditioning.Staff super attentive and very welcoming to the young boys. The cantina a great idea when travelling with young kids: nice to be able to have a snack in the hotel without having to go outside and deal with waiters etc. .Hotel very central. It is on a narrow laneway so difficult for taxis to find - print out a map to show the taxi driver!Only negative is that the lighting a bit too subtle: no overhead lighting at all.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheviot
<Content>funky hotel WE stayed for 3 nights at Casa Camper, Barcelona and mostly enjoyed it. THe best part was the position, once you and the taxi driver find it is very central to a great part of town. The down side for us was the liviing room/bedroom across the hall which had our 7 year old daughters bed, we did not feel comfortable leaving her across the hall. If you visit with small children make sure you book a room without the lounge across the hall.Apart from that the hotel is beautifully and simply decorated, a little dark in the rooms. The staff are helpful and the free food and drinks in the lobby a nice change from overpriced mini bars.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HubrisChicago
<Content>Charming, Convenient, and a Great "Service with a Smile" Staff We stayed on the third floor in a suite. The suites are at the end of the hallway on each floor (five total), and are the only rooms where the bedrooms and sitting areas are connected. The remaining rooms require you to walk across the hallway to your connected sitting area. Not a big deal (we peeked in an open room), but worth noting. I think the hotel only has about forty(40) rooms.The suites are clean, comfortable, and have great cooling systems. The beds are sufficient, the sheets are crisp, and the pillows are fluffy. The shower water pressure is great, and the bathrooms are roomy and well lit.The sitting area in each room will allow you to open french doors, and stand on a small balcony overlooking the street below. When you close the doors, you can barely hear any of the street noise below, and in the bedroom you couldn't hear a thing.The hotel also has a great rooftop deck, includes morning breakfast, and has a small cantina that is open 24hrs per day that allows all guests to grab a quick water, coke, juice, sandwiches, etc.. at their convenience ----- included in hotel cost.The staff was very attentive, helped us book tours, provided printed out maps to various restaurants  attractions, and in general were filled with super-positive energy. We were on a portion of our honeymoon, and the staff even sent up a little bottle of champagne with well-wishes. Nice.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SouthFLTraveler
<Content>Good Hotel - Great Location       Bedroom Area  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Captivep
<Content>Quirky Delight Ideally located a couple of minutes from the Ramblas and only a few more from the port, this funky (only word for it really!) hotel is a delight.Other reviewers have talked, in detail, about the free snacks and drinks and also about the odd layout which means you have two rooms. I say it's odd, but it works - as does the whole concept of this hotel - it hangs together beautifully.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Perthi
<Content>When in Barcelona, there is only one hotel: Casa Camper I am sorry about the people who had a bad experience at this hotel but this is the most interesting and one of the best hotels in Barcelona. First, it looks like an Art Gallery, secondly, the staff (specially Guillermo and the lady who cooks breakfast: she is a gem) are extremely friendly and helpful; thirdly, it is very central (just 2 minutes from Las Ramblas and Plaza Cataluna). Breakfast is excellent: you can have whatever you want. There is a good selection of snacks 24 hours tentempie including hot and cold drinks, cakes, soup, salads, etc., which you can take to your room or to the terrace. I used this service many times even at 3:00 am. The rooms are excellent. We stayed in a Suite with our private little balcony in a narrow street, a lounge, a bedroom with a Kingsize bed and a bathroom (The shower is a must). The whole place is like a small apartment. HOWEVER, there are 2 kinds of rooms: Suites and Rooms. The rooms are just like the Suites except that the lounge and balcony are separate so you have a corridor between your bedroom/bathroom and the lounge. We found that the Suites are very noisy SO I recommend not to book a Suite. Book a room. FINALLY, GUILLERMO (the Manager during the day) is wonderful: he is helpful, friendly, excellent, and he will do anything to sort out your problems. He is the heart of this hotel. Ask for him if you stay at this excellent hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerCool
<Content>Hot and noisy I booked this hotel based soley on trip advisor recommmendations; adn travelled there with my 2 boys for 4 days at the beginning of May. The taxi driver had no problem finding the hotel, even though I had taken the precaution of printing the map.On arrival, we were greeted by very pleasant reception staff and shown around the ground floor, which basically consisted of a seating area and a little room where you could have 24 hour complimentary tentempe. This consisted of breads, soft drinks, juices, water, crisps, doughnuts,crackers, nuts, cheeses, tomatoes. In a fridge there were simple salads,various sandwiches and desserts. All were clearly marked and looked fresh. The area appeared to be very claen. There were different bins for the different types of waste, which I thought was impressive.The only downside to this area was that, according to my 11 year old, it felt like being in an airport terminal. The lay out and the clinical athmosphere were not what we are used to. However, when in Barcelona.....I had booked a suite, simply because my 2 boys and I would not have fitted in a standard room. One of us would would have had to stay across the hall. The suite consisted of a bathroom, sliding door to bedroom, sliding door to living room with sofa bed and french windows to tiny balcony and street outside. Therefore, we had none of this hopping across the corridor to the living room that other people had. There was a television in both the bedroom and the living room. The bathroom was ok, though the tiling looked cheap and poorly finished.It is hard to pinpoint why, but, for us, it just did not work. It was as if I was back in the caravans of my youth! The dim lighting,the sliding doors, the sparse sense of the place, a vaguely musty damp smell.In any event, it was late so we unpacked and went to bed. I agreed to take first night on the sofe bed (Stupid mom eh!) Then the fun started. The room was very hot and though we tried to adjust the aircon, it remained very hot so we could not sleep properly. The living room was right beside the street so it was quite noisy until 2 or 3 am with people in the street; short respite, then noise again from 5am, presumably this time from garbage and cleaning trucks. I must have finally dozed at 8 or so because it was 11 before we finally woke, shattered, and ran down to grab something for breakfast before it finished. The selection was good, well presented and enjoyable.After breakfast, I went to reception and explained about the aircon problem. The girl was attentive and interested. She said that she would try to have it sorted for us. I explained thaif she could not get it fixed we were happy to move rooms. She told me that they were fully booked so I said that , if the problem could not be remedied,we would have to move to another hotel.We went back to the room( I think it was 35) to get sorted and within 5 minutes a gentleman appeared at the door. If memory serves, his name was Peter. He explained that there had been problems with the aircon and that he was happy to move us to another hotel. He would arrange to have our luggage transferred and we could go ahead, inspect the hotel, and confirm whether it was acceptable to us. This we duly did ( see report on hotel regina)We checked out shortly after and I have to admit that I was surprised to be charged the full rate; though the wine I had the night before was comped. I suppose i expected more of a gesture given that we had not slept and that much time was to be wasted changing hotel. In any event, I was too tired to say anything.I paid the bill and we just moved to the other hotel.All in all, the saving grace of this hotel was its staff. I found the service at all times to be excellent. However, it was not enough to overcome the clinical athmosphere,the broken air con and the noisy rooms. We won't be back.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Honeygatherer
<Content>Casa Camper-unfriendly manager,friendly staff My family and I stayed in Casa Camper, Barcelona in April-May 2008, for about 24 Room nights (nights x rooms), Each room night was about 240 Euros. The rest of the staff is very friendly and helpful but this seems to be a one man show of Peter,the Room Reservation Manager, who towers over the rest of the staff. He himself can be aggressive, unpleasant, prickly and overbearing as he was with me. He called a taxi 7 minutes earlier than it was booked the next morning and insisted that the driver would only charge from the time booked, whereas he didnt. The problem was compounded by Peter's belief that he knew English well.For 5 nights the AC in our room on the 5th floor wasn't working but it wasn't repaired. This was brought to the notice of the Hotel staff everyday but all they could say was please tell Peter- the big boss. The sink in another room a suite was clogged, the engineering mechanism for pulling up the venetian blinds wouldn't work in another room. Only Peter could do something about it, if at all.This Hotel has unusual ideas and is run by a well known shoe company- Camper. But the staff shouldnt be so dependent on one man and he should be trained to be pleasant and not aggressive, disagreeable  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>boxerfan
<Content>Everything we expected and more... From the moment we stepped through the glass front door, we knew this was the perfect choice for us....brilliant design execution...we stayed in a suite and despite the busy pedestrian traffic outside, the bedroom area was super quiet...my husband said it was the best sleep of our 2 week trip! loved watching tv in the hammock...loved the privacy of the bathroom with all the natural light...the rooftop deck was also a nice respite from the crowds...the made to order omelette was delicious and made with a smile! we will return to Barcelona and next time will spend more than one night at Casa Camper  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minimalbue
<Content>Excellent hotel for the young at heart I loved this hotel. The location just off Las Ramblas shopping street is excellent and the tiny street is a quiet relief from the crowds on Las Ramblas. I stayed in a suite that had a great floorplan and was roomy. The tiny balcony overlooking the street was sweet and the hotel roof deck was unused and romantic. My room was amazingly quiet. The staff was really friendly and helpful and their English was excellent.One big plus of the hotel is the canteen that serves free light food and non-alcoholic drinks 24/7. It was great to eat an early salad if one didn't want a heavy meal at 9PM. Alcohol was available for mini-bar prices. There is a shop that sells wine and booze a few doors down for reasonable prices, but closed during siesta.The interior design is clean- lined, modern and functional, but not high style. Certain older travellers who are accustomed to traditional hotels with traditional interior design and formality probably would find this hotel unsuitable. Be sure to bring a Google map with the hotel location with you to Barcelona to give to the taxi driver and let him/her know that taxis are allowed on the street in front of the hotel.One hint: finding the the front door to the hotel is a bit confusing. The door is a sliding glass panel located directly under the HOTEL sign that has a thick red stripe painted on it. Just stand there and the door will eventully slide open. Then walk through the black colored vestibule and the staff will open the interior door when they see you. Don't know the reason for the special security as the neighborhood seemed safe. However, the feeling of shelter inside was a nice plus from the busy crowded streets in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coldcrushedpineapple
<Content>A little flashy but I loved it I did like this hotel.They've got this cool thing where there's a cafe-type place in the lobby and there's sandwiches and stuff and it's open 24/7 and you can take whatever you like and it's all included. The staff was nice, just one guy was annoying. Stephan I think...And you get two rooms, so that's pretty cool. But its cold.Yeah, thats it. Good value, good location. Enjoy!Oh, but theres not REAL restaurant. Just the cafe. It does do breakfast though.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mindleftbody
<Content>Absolute Perfection Casa Camper is an incredible place to lay your head while in Barcelona. The overall feel of the place is great, the staff go out of there way to make you comfortable.. and the place is just plain funky in a great way.For a solo traveler in Barcelona, Casa Camper is perfect, its right off the top of the Rambla down a cool little side street, very close to Placa Cataluna, which is where you get dropped off from the airport bus, it was zero problem finding the hotel and they even had my room waiting for me when I arrived early int he AM, most places require you to wait until at least mid-afternoon to check in. The rooms themselves where great, spacious, clean, and the mini-lounge is great, with a hammock and big french doors that open to the street, plus flat screens in both the bedroom and lounge and some English lanquage TV. I stayed at the hotel for 5 days, and I would definitly put Casa Camper at the top of my list for my next trip to Barcelona, for all the reasons above PLUS the hotel bikes, the 24 food lounge, the free wi-fi and especially the staff  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tziambra
<Content>"I felt like I was in a playhouse" I have been to Barcelona many times in the past few years and this time around, I decided to try Casa Camper. The hotel is by far one of the nicest ones in the city and probably the funkiest. I am sure there are other luxury hotel chains that will give you the feel of a normal hotel but Casa Camper is a different experience. Each room actually has two rooms across the hallway from each other. One is the bedroom and the other one is the hangout room. The colors are bright, there is a huge window for a wall in the back that overlooks in the Casa Camper courtyard. Most of the furniture is the room is trendy (you can also buy it at this famous design store in the city) and functional. The bathroom has an excellent shower and great products, shower gel, shampoo etc. The living room has a huge hammock in it, a couch and a flat screen tv. It is unconventional but if you really think about it, it is a great idea.  At the lobby of the hotel, there is a small restaurant area where you can get some food and snacks 24hours per day. This is included in the prices along with the breakfast. All the people working at Casa Camper were super-friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is very central, just off Las Ramblas close the Plaza Catalunya and it is surprisingly quiet for how close to the action it is. The best thing about Casa Camper is that it feels like home. If, for example, you have been walking around the city for the whole day and you need sometime to relax, it is felt so much more fun to return to the hotel and hang out in the living room where you can take the food upstairs and chill and do not have to be stranded in a standard hotel room. I highly recommended to anybody who likes boutique, trendy hotels that diverge from the normal and expected.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelerphil
<Content>the place for my next stay Although I haven鈥檛 stayed at casa camper (cause they were booked), I walked by the hotel before my visit to the Contemporary art museum (macba). First thing I noticed was that the hotel鈥檚 main door was closed. But then a Brazilian receptionist opened a window beside and gave us all the information about this cool hotel. she was really nice and spoke English fluently.Now I am sure these amazing reviews about the hotel and friendly staff are true and I am willing to go back to Barcelona and to stay at casa Camper.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>step324
<Content>Fab...       View from Room...  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tim-Limbach
<Content>Top hotel in ideal location My wife comments, apart from the rooms in our suite being too dark, I don't know how I could fault it.I booked this hotel, following the many positive reviews I had read and wanted my wife to enjoy the no.1 hotel in Barcelona.On arrival we were invited to enjoy our choice from the extensive buffet, most salads, sandwiches and cakes being wrapped in individual plastic cartons. Guests are encouraged to recycle the waste.There is a fine selections of fizzy drinks (sodas) and fruit juices, as well as yoghurt and pastries, tea and coffee. All the snacks are described in Catalan and English. This buffet is available 24 hrs a day and is changed daily. Breakfast is also served in this buffet / lounge area and includes freshly squeezed orange / grapefruit juices, sliced fresh fruit, pastries, cold meats, cheeses, yoghurts plus food cooked to order by the charming chefs. I enjoyed pancakes with maple syrup.Our suite, consisted of a large bathroom, with tub and two types of powerful shower, fluffy towels and slippers / robes are provided. The bedroom had an enormous bed, plenty of shelf space, subdued lighting, a radio and flatscreen tv.The adjoining lounge had sofa, hammock, flatscreen tv and very narrow balcony.Each room had individually controlled a/c.There is a rooftop terrace available, with drinks for purchase, but it was too cold to enjoy.The situation is ideal, being minutes from Catalunya and Las Ramblas amd many other notable attractions.It is expensive at 270 Euros per night, but is worth a try.The staff are very helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>wrldtraveler-7
<Content>One of the Most Stylish Hotels in Europe Casa Camper is one of the most stylish hotels in Europe. Guests have two rooms, one a bedroom and then a lounge in a separate room directly across the hallway. One of the real benefits of staying here is that instead of a minibar, there is a 24hr snack bar in the lobby: this is an interesting and original concept and ends up in big savings. The staff is very friendly, professional and warm and are really intent on making sure you enjoy yourself. The hotel is right off the Ramblas, five minutes from the Plaza de Catalunya and within easy walking distance to the old city's historic sites. This was the best hotel experience I have ever had.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OnTheRoad099
<Content>Very Cool Urban Oasis The two-room concept is terrific. Our teenagers took over the lounge room. With that, the great hotel security arrangement, and the free food and beverages in the lobby, every member of the family felt independent. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful (ask for tapas suggestions). The lobby is a little community center and residents tended to be very friendly. Rooms are sleek, hip and just about perfect. Thanks to an ingenious system of window shading, they are bright and very private. Once we found the place (someone needs to educate the cabbies), the location turned out to be ideal. The entire atmosphere is cool, literally and figuratively, and we always enjoyed returning to the hotel after a hot day walking around this most wonderful city.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>Andrew-Greig
<Content>Fantastic My wife and i stayed here for two nights in March. The location is great, two minutes from La Rambla and the Plaza Cataluna. It is worth printing out a map in advance to give to the taxi driver, as it can be difficult to find first time.We booked a suite as we were not 100% with the idea of going out of the main room into the living room. The greeting was great and the staff are all fab. Room was brilliant and there were som real funky touches - hammock etcThe breakfast and all day snacks were also really cool. Whatever hot food you want for breakfast is cooked to order.Ask reception to recopmmend restaurants, we went to the 'Cellar of the Tapas' and whilst a little pricey, the food was excellent. Take the Turistic bus tour as this is the most regular with most buses.We would definitely return to both Barcelona and to the Casa Camper.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Harmareth
<Content>Just book it!!! My wife, 4 year old and I stayed for 3 nights in mid February and had a delightful time. The location was spot on just 100 yds form the Ramblas. A very hip and young area with loads of students and that type of bar resturant which these guys frequent. The hotel staff were brilliant with info, train times etc. The food was terrific with the salads, sandwichs, soft drinks available all day which was great for our little boy to come back too after a couple of hours sight seeing and walking. Then of we would go again refreshed. We found we only needed a tapas snack as an evening meal to end the day. The rooms were delightful and again our son loved the hammock in the sitting room of our bedroom which he chilled out on while watching cartoons in japanese...he was happy.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lonnybom
<Content>Stay at this hotel if you want to be where the action is... This hotel is well located and suberbly designed. It is close to museums, las ramblas and other quaint shops. It's security is tight (the staff only opens the door to would-be guests and other guests have their own key to enter). Unlike other chic hotels, this one has a relaxed and more down-to-earth vibe. The staff is friendly, attentive and helpful. A small corner of the hotel is specifically open all day long to hungry guests with free pastries, sandwiches and drinks.The rooms are lovely, spacious and all have a separate chill-out area with a hammock. Go there and you will not regret it.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>QueenA
<Content>I want to go back... Stayed 2 nights here with my partner. We had a room (or 2 rooms) on the 5th floor. the 2 room set up is fine - we never saw anyone else when we made the cross. The main room is nicely done but a bit dark when you're trying to find your money/room card/map etc. Got very attached to the hammock in the lounge that faces the tv while my partner had a siesta. The reception staff are great and very knowledgeable about local restaurants etc. Breakfast is really good with a wide selection. All day buffet is fairly limited - sandwiches, salads, yoghurt mainly but good for a snack and who wants to hang out in the hotel lobby while you're in Barcelona?!Hotel is situated in the upper raval which is currently the hippest area of Barcelona. Contrary to what some people might have read, the upper raval is very safe, quite touristy but with bars/restaurants a plenty. Hotel is literally 3 mins walk from Museum of Modern Art. As an aside, the lower raval still has 'edge' so not a place to sightsee with the kids.Really recommend restaurant/bar Dos, Trice. 5 mins walk from hotel. Eat in the basement (smoking even if like us you don't smoke). Decor is a cross between a David Lynch film set and a brothel. ..Food really good and cheap. Full of locals. They do a good mojito too. this is the 2nd time I've been to barcelona and I can't wait to go back. Would stay at casa camper again too.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hwolfe
<Content>Perfect! Stayed here in December for 3 nights with husband.There are many great hotels in Barcelona but wanted something a little different... Casa Camper is very cool but comfortable. Has a very Barcelona-feel to it. The design is fantastic ( the store Vincon is great to visit if you're interested in seeing more of it...)Stayed in a suite which was huge although a little dark. Not sure how the 2-part room would've worked for us, this was perfect and had a fab bath-tub. We were very happy with absolutely everything. Also borrowed the bikes and went for a ride along the beach which was brilliant.Highly recommend it although it won't be to everyone's taste.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theTraveLees
<Content>Fun place to stay       Bedroom  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bse5
<Content>Great Hotel we stayed there in early Feb '08 and had a great experience. staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, going out of their way to assist in any way possible. The rooms were hip, interesting and simple. excellent hotel concept. With that said, it's not for everyone....if you're expecting the Ritz...go to the Ritz.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Coopers4
<Content>Different! This property suited our family very well. We are a family of 2 adults and 2 teenagers and having been travelling together for a month we all felt the need for some time apart. The unusual arrangement at Casa Camper, where each room has a separate living room across the hallway, provided exactly what we needed. The 'living room' has a tv, desk, couch and hammock, all of which were useful. The bedrooms are comfortable and quirky. There is no enclosed wardrobe, just open shelves and a line of Shaker style pegs the length of the bedroom on which to hang things - even the TV and hotel information hang from pegs. The bathroom is not enclosed and looks out on a wall stacked with aspidistra in pots. It is all stylishly executed and practical enough. The living rooms face the street while the bedrooms overlook a small courtyard so are very quiet.What really sold our 2 teenagers on the hotel though is the excellent lounge/breakfast/snack room on the ground floor. Not only is the buffet breakfast complimentary but drinks and snacks are available at no charge throughout the day. They loved being able to help themselves whenever they felt like it. The food was also very good.The staff here were very welcoming and friendly, with useful recommendations about where to go and where to eat. The hotel is small and has quite an intimate feel to it. It is also very well located , just off La Rambla in the Raval area. The Museum of Contemporary Art is just around the corner.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>california_girl007
<Content>Fantastic hotel!!! An amazing place. They provided food 24 hr. with their theme of open kitchen so when you are jet lagged a nice place to feel at home. Also free bicycles to tour around the city and give your feet a rest. Loved the rooms which were clean and nicely designed. The staff were the best!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blayney
<Content>A little Treasure!! Casa Camper is the funkiest hotel I have ever stayed in. This hotel made my holiday. The location is excellant..just off La Ramblas. The staff were extremely friendly with excellant english. Can't recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Superb stay!!!       bed  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>RonFinlay
<Content>Best hotel ever! Casa Camper is full of wit and fun, as well as having fantastic staff, being ecologically thoughtful and well-located. Bedrooms look out on to a 'vertical garden'; there's a hammock in each day room; shower water is recycled; the hotel has its own bicycles available for hire; and even the instructions on how to use the electric blinds are nicely self-deprecating! The all-day free snacks are a real boon, but most impressive of all are the staff, whom we found universally helpful and friendly. The hotel is within easy reach on foot of all the main sights, yet is nice and quiet. A top choice.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chefsw
<Content>one of the best ever! my wife and i have stayed in some wonderful hotels the world over,but never have we stayed in a hotel with staff as good as those at Casa Camper.thank you so much for being so helpful and pleasent and especially for the little surprises left in our room on hearing of the surprise we got from our son when he told us on the roof terrace that we were to become grandparents it was truly very touching thank you so much to all concerned oh and the hotel itself is fantastic by the way great location and enjoyed the 24 drinks and snacks,see you soon i hope  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goonerbear
<Content>Casa Camper Superb Me and my wife stayed at the Casa Camper from Dec 18 2007 for 4 nights. From the moment we arrived the staff were excellent. In some 5* hotels we have stayed in the staff have been so pretentious its unbelievable (the Skt Petri in Copenhagen is a excellent example of this) however this is not the case here, they are all young and extremely helpfull and approachable, the fact they wear T-shirts reduces the stuffy atmosphere sometimes found in these sort of hotels.We had room 25 which is a suite,the bathroom,bedroom and lounge are all connected and not seperated by the corridor. this means you can use the balcony in the lounge without crossing the corridor, which is probably more important if you stay during the hot summer months. The room was superb and the bed extremely comfortable, never had a bad nights sleep.The hoel offers free food 24hrs a day, this includes pastrys, pasta, cakes, sandwiches, crisps, bottled juices, water and coffee, these areavailable in the lobby area,you just help yourself and take to your room or eat there as often as you like! A cooked breakfast is available, you just ask the friendly chefs and they cook it then and there along with a more continental style breakfast buffet.The hotel has a terrace which will be nice in the summer and a weird vertical garden.The location is superb just off Las Ramblas, just makesure the taxi driver knows where it is,ours didnt.All in all a superb hotel,excellent staff and great location.Recommended  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaycameron100
<Content>Wonderful experience My husbnd and I stayed here 2 years ago and loved it. On subsequent visits to Barcelona the hotel was always fully booked. This month my 28 yr -old daughter and I stayed in a suite while we soaked up Barcelona's special Christmas atmosphere. She adored the hotel and the 24-hour snack bar. For a totally quirky hotel experience combined with comfort and the nicest and most efficient hotel staff I've ever met we cannot recommend Casa Camper too highly- even if it means having even more difficulty getting booked!The Cameron family, Scotland  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geoffram
<Content>Well, I'm sorry... but I'm obviously in the minority. How stupid to have a lounge on the other side of a public corridor to the bedroom. Why would I want to see others in their undies flitting to their loved ones across the corridor? But this is typical of the whole hotel: someone thought it a bright idea: like putting the bedrooms on the inside so that there was no window. Or the run of hooks across one wall so that the door to the bathroom couldn't close completely. Or for that matter having no minibar so that if you woke up in the middle of the night with a slaking thirst, you had to trot downstairs to reception to get a drink. Or what was pretentiously called tentempi茅 - hot and cold snacks throughout the day - which proved to be a pea soup in an electric tureen and some sandwiches inthe fridge. All in all, the hotel was designed for looks rather than practicality: fine if one was in one's twenties and paying 100 Euros a night, but this was more than twice that amount. Stick to making shoes, boys.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>worldtravellers91
<Content>As good as it gets! Casa Camper had a welcoming atmosphere, it was cool and modern without being pretentious. The free food in the lobby area was a real bonus, and I think it really makes this hotel stand out above others. It鈥檚 a relaxing atmosphere where you can sit and have an espresso and cake without feeling like you鈥檙e being watched for taking advantage of the freebees. Excellent idea, followed through with excellent staff. The rooms were very clean and we loved the design. Very liveable, with lots of room for suitcases. Plus the best bed we鈥檝e slept in for a while. The only drawbacks were the living room area which we didn鈥檛 really use much as the bedroom area was big enough for us. Although in saying that, I think it would be a great set-up for a long-term stay. And a great setup for summer, with a separate area for drinks and relaxing. Only other small drawback was housekeeping which started a bit too early on the weekend for my liking. With loud vacuuming on the weekend at 9.30am 鈥?when it would have been nice to sleep in. Besides those two very small issues, we had a brilliant time at Casa Camper. It鈥檚 a great location for shopping and bringing back heavy bags after a successful trip. We would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bronco1020
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Great Hotel. Great location. Great Staff. Great Rooms.Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and had a great time. The rooms themselves are very nice and then the little lounge room that all the rooms have across the hall are a very nice change from the average hotel room. When I am back in Barcelona, I know where I will be staying!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A_J_TLondon
<Content>Fantastic time at Casa Camper My husband and I have just returned from our first trip to Barcelona where we celebrated our anniversary at the wonderful Casa Camper. Nothing was too much trouble for the friendly staff and we simply had to write a review of the hotel as it really made our trip special. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel tremendously welcome and relaxed. We stayed in a suite on the 5th floor which was very spacious and hip. The bed was large and very comfy and the lighting set the perfect ambience. The room encompassed a large living area with plasma screen TV etc and a very relaxing hammock and french doors from which you could step out and look down on the street below. The bathroom was also nicely sized with generous products to use and a fantastic power shower (and bath) - just what was needed after a day sightseeing in barcelona. We loved the unique design of the hotel from the lobby area through to the gorgeous roof terrace from which we enjoyed many a drink in the early evenings before going out for late dinner. The other remarkable thing about Casa Camper is the free food served 24 hours a day in the cafeteria. You can literally help yourself anytime to a selection of sandwiches, salads, cakes, pastries, yoghurts, crisps and a wide range of juices and soft drinks. All of this is included in yoru room rate and was a welcome addition to our stay.The location is also brilliant - on a small side street off Las Ramblas. The museum of contemporary art is at the end of the street and there are numerous lovely restaurants/cafes/bars nearby such as 'Es' meditaerranean restaurant and 'El Lobo' tapas restaurant - both very enjoyable and off the main tourist strip of Las Ramblas. We had a fantastic trip and cant reccommend this hotel highly enough!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>crawfie
<Content>An age shrinking expreience       the vertical garden  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>surinameSuriname
<Content>Great great If you want to stay in and experience luxury, then you should stay at the casa camper hotel . The hotel was GREAT!! the staff was friendly and courteous. A great hotel in a beautiful city!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baburshah
<Content>Just perfect What a nice hotel ! For a nightly rate of 260鈧?you get a nice suite with very intrelligent and useful amenities, great bathroom products, unlimited food and soft drinks and the amazing, kind staff you cousl ever wish. This is not a snooty, snubbish place full of chintz and ultra-luxurious amenities but what you get for this price is outstanding and in a beautiful, central location. I am hard to impress after travelling in more than 200 places but this place is definitely on my top list. Just go and enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anon28
<Content>Fantastic stay- highly recommended We stayed here for two nights based on the Tripadvisor reviews and weren't disappointed. Take the airport bus from outside arrivals to the last stop Place Catalunya- only 5 mins from the hotel which is located down a little street about two blocks from the Ramblas (look for the little side street Bon Success just before La Poma restaurant on the left of the street). The hotel is very modern, stark but not soul-less either. We arrived early and a room was available although we had read it was better to get a room on the 5th floor so decided to wait for one of those. V. helpful staff (excellent english) kept our luggage for us and advised us on where to visit until later that afternoon. The room itself was quite big with dark red walls and black slate floors and faced onto a funky vertical garden of plants and the roof terrace. There is a tv and radio in the room, just across the corridor is your sitting room which is small but cute and overlooks the rooftops (from the fifth floor). The bed was really comfortable and the shower excellent. Just beyond the lobby is the eating area where food is available 24/7 (no additional charge as already included in your room rate). It's mainly healthy eating with a selection of salads, sandwiches, yoghurt and deserts. There is a breakfast chef who will make your eggs or pancakes to order. There is also free internet access and a library for guests. The hotel location is perfect- right in the centre of the city. If you are in BCN for a wend, there is very limited shopping on a Sunday but all of the tourist attractions are open. We took the bus tours and really enjoyed them. It was a great way to see the city- it gets cold on top of the bus so bring a jacket. We also visited La Roca Village (outlets)- big names were Zegna, Gant, Versace etc. There were no great bargains to be found though! We really enjoyed Casa Camper and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sanibelle1
<Content>Quirky Casa Camper Perfect For Open Minded Travelers We stayed at the Casa Camper for 2 nights based on its outstanding reviews on Trip Advisor. This is not a hotel for everyone, but if you are open to new things and like contemporary, modern hotels, this just might be for you. It is located down a little street about two blocks from the Ramblas. Our taxi left us off about two blocks away despite our protests. We had just had a bag stolen at the airport and were not in the best frame of mind and ready to walk through the streets with our remaining bags. However, that was what we had to do as our taxi driver yelled after us, chastising us for even questioning the place where he let us out. The hotel is very stark and you have to be buzzed into the very plain lobby. The staff (all two of them) were young, hip and very helpful and they took us to our room to show us how things worked. The room was also very plain and somewhat cold, with dark red walls and black concrete floors. The main room faced a dark courtyard and the sitting area was actually across the hall which is somewhat inconvenient and we only used it to store our suitcases. It would prove very useful for a family with older children as I think it had a pullout couch. Amenities in the room were minimal but bottles of water were by our bed and Casa Camper's version of crocs were provided with new inner soles to wear in the room along with new age music coming out of the radio. The best part of the hotel was the open pantry in the lobby where breakfast was served. It was stocked 24 hours a day with nice salads, sandwiches, nuts, chips, yogurt, sodas, desserts, juices, etc and we took full advantage of it. They also provided internet access, including a printer, free of charge as well as shelves of books to take and share. The young staff could not have been more helpful and nice and the location was great.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>teamRW
<Content>loved the ambience great service! BA lost our luggage and they were so helpful in calling the airline etc to get it back. they all speak great english. the free food is wonderful! The rooms very funky too. Highly recomend it. Great spot too but hard to find! loved the smell in the foyer too! a scented candle perhaps. Really cool place to stay and is a stand out for me in my 6 week europe holiday.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Galapita
<Content>Great stay Just returned for 4 night at Casa Camper, and loved it.It is in a great location, and the room much larger then I thourgt from the pictures, and very quiret. The staff were great and helped with all you quistions, from trips to restaurants, very helpful.It is hip, without being over the top.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miabonds
<Content>Great hotel I chose this hotel because of the excellent reviews I had read. I wasn't at all disappointed in my room which not only had a large bedroom and shower room (with 2 showers!) but also had a separate hallway with wardrobe and personal safe. The room was very clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel is excellent, quiet but central. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryCFP
<Content>A hidden gem After researching and evaluating so many hotels in Barcelona, my husband and I agreed we made the best choice with Casa Camper. As others have noted, the staff was genuinely thoughtful, courteous, and competent. (I goofed and booked the wrong first night, and they accommodated us in a room but not the suite we requested...still, I was relieved.) The added treat of having delicious and healthy snacks and drinks (great coffee) easily available was incredibly convenient when you are traveling. We drank champagne on the rooftop and savored the lights and sounds of the city. Hope the complements don't spoil the place.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shady-Grove
<Content>Casa Camper is the Coolest! My family of 4 LOVED this hotel. We stayed in a suite so my husband and I could have the bedroom and the kids (ages 4 and 7) could stay in the living area. The living area came complete with flat screen TV, wall-size city map, and hammock! The location was perfect, just off La Rambla and Placa Catalunya on a cute narrow street near the Museum of Contemporary Art. The staff was exceedingly helpful, the decor cool and modern, and the rooms were far bigger than we expected. The large bathroom even had the option of a rainfall-type shower head. No minibar charges here--there was free food about 23 hours a day. In the morning they would make you pancakes or eggs along with bread selections, yogurt, drinks, etc. The rest of the day you could choose from a variety of sandwiches, cheese, yogurt, soup, juices, bottled water, and soda. Totally appreciated when you are jet-lagged and your eating is off-schedule. They also have a roof deck, bicycle rental, book exchange, wine for sale, and enjoyable bath products. We handled our reservation via email with no problems. We can't wait to return to Barcelona and Casa Camper!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mdp_az
<Content>Can't get much better than this! This is without a doubt the best hotel I've ever stayed in. The staff were top notch and provided a lot of personal service, great recommendations and a relaxed and friendly vibe. The property itself is awesome in a nice location near the Rambla, but far enough removed so that once inside your sleeping room you hear nothing but silence (unless you've returned after turn down when you'll hear the Tivoli radio playing soft classical music). The rooms are funky, minimalist, and quite comfy. The bed was awesome, there was adequate storage for clothes and extra luggage on the shelves, and the save was very convenient. The bathroom was amazing...words cannot do that shower justice. It did my enviro mind well knowing that water was solar heated and being re-used, b/c I definitely lingered in that shower for longer than normal! The vertical garden was a nice and unique touch, and the shade was great for creating a completely dark room. Across the hall, the lounge was so nice to come back to after a long day in the city. We'd pick up some drinks and snacks in the Tentempie (no addl. cost, of course!) and relax on the sofa while watching the nice sized LCD TV. I also opened the terrace doors a couple of times and chilled out in the hammock. Breakfasts were awesome...pancakes were amazing and like nothing I can make at home. The rooftop terrace was very nice and provided a beautiful view of the city and Tibidabo, and on the crowds below heading to/from the Rambla. So, now for the negatives. The lighting in the room and lounge was not very good, but was adequate in the bathroom. Some of the light switches seemed not to operate anything or function correctly. The TV in the room had different (and less) channels available than the one in the lounge. Minor complaint I know, but it just seemed a bit strange. There were more English channels available in the lounge, which is where I watched the most TV...go figure. The wooden bikes looked very cool, and we were hoping to take a couple out for an hour or so for a ride to the beach. I never saw anywhere that there was an additional cost for the bikes before booking, however they quoted a rental rate of something like 15 euro for a 1/2 day per bike. While that is not painfully expensive, I think they could do a better job of advertising the bikes as an amenity that costs extra. The only other negative is that I'm not still there.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunsetJohn
<Content>Staff in a league of their own In decades of business and pleasure travel around the world, I can honestly say that the staff at the Casa Camper are among the most accommodating, gracious, and helpful I've encountered anywhere. Each and every one seemed to have a passion for their job and for extending true customer service and a warm welcome. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Casa Camper while we explored Barcelona for 3 days pre-cruise.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Martijn-de-Vries
<Content>Simply the best After beining horrible disapointed in our booked B  B, Suzanna and her team made it all well in one seconde. When they heard we were on our honeymoon, they went upstairs en decorated the rooms with roses en champagne. They treat us so personally that it looked as if we stayed with friends. Ever morning they spoiled us with Coffee, Breakfast and Dutch newspapers.It is a small hotel, so they can and will give you all attention. They gave us names of restaurants, where only the Spanisch people eat and we have rarely eat that good before.Besides your large sleeping room, you also have an private lounge room. The roof terras will give you a beautiful view over Barcalona.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sirbo
<Content>Funky, Finesse, Fabulous Stayed at this funky little hotel in September 2007. Casa Camper has very own unique character and from this extends a cool culture that is unforgettable. The Hotel is fantastically located just off the main Ramblas in a small street - somehow Taxis manage to get you right to the door and that's where the staff come into their own. I have stayed at hundreds of hotels over the years both for business and pleasure, but I have yet to find a more personal, attentive and professional team than those at Casa Camper. These guys seem to enjoy every moment of their work and they treat every customer as an individual. The hotel is quirky both in its rooms and in its set up. I managed to book a suite which was excellent with a good sized bathroom, a large bedroom and a leisure area/come lounge with a LCD TV and Hammock etc. I checked out the normal rooms too and they were just as cool. The difference between the two being that you have a lounge room across the corridor from your bedroom in the standard rooms.Casa Campers quirkiness extends to snacks 24/7 and for me the coolest branding feature which were the Camper styled bicycles. We rented these wooden (yes wooden) bikes and cycled the whole length of the promenade along the beach. Too say it made people stare was an understatement, but what a way to get around Barcelona.In some respect these bicycles summed up the whole Casa Camper experience for me. Reliable, eye-catching, unforgettable, quirky, quality and fun in a city that is lovely. I heard we can expect a Casa Camper in Berlin next. Book me in now please.James - Winchester (UK)  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2IrishYoungOnes
<Content>Casa Camper, oh so good! My husband and I stayed for five nights at Casa Camper in Barcelona and truly it was one of the best holidays we have ever had. I had been trying to decide whether to book with Casa Camper or another hotel. I was going to surprise my husband on the accommodation front so I was a little nervous as I wanted to get it right. Casa Camper as it is not your traditional type of hotel and I worried that perhaps it would be too funky for us. Don't get me wrong we are mid-40's, young at heart but I for one like my comfort especially as I travel a lot for work and I was worried my husband might not be too crazy on this hip design concept. I was going out on a limb here or so I thought. He wasn't disappointed and neither was I. Comfort and hip were parallel, nothing was sacrificed.The design of this hotel is superb. It's the finer details that are looked after. From the massive beds with pure cotton bed linen, air conditioning, bottles of water being left in your room, a large safe for all your valuables, your bed being turned down with classical music tuned on your radio lulling you into your bedroom to huge fluffy bath towels; robes and slippers at your disposal. The showers are incredible, like a fire hose which definitely wakes you up. We had a suite so also had a bath and that was a luxury to soak in after a long day pounding the streets of Barcelona sightseeing. The hammock placed right next to the windows (with French doors and a teeny, tiny balcony 鈥?just perfect), so you can absorb the Catalan vibe from the streets below. The music that plays in the reception area and lifts is all designed, not just your regular CD's on a loop. I can't say that I heard the same songs twice and the music at breakfast was always nice and jazzy. It was great! The help yourself to salads, snacks and drinks anytime was brilliant. You would think that you would over indulge but you didn't. Water was a lifesaver. Just bring up a couple of bottles to your room and then more was delivered later. The breakfasts were great. The chef cooked what you ordered in the line of eggs, tortillas, bacon, etc. There were cold meats, cheeses, lots of perfectly presented sliced fruit (no pith!), pastries, yoghurt, cereals, bread to toast, juices, tea, coffee, I can go on...The city is a walker's city so the location of the hotel is spot on. About two blocks off Las Ramblas but very, very quiet. You might hear the green parakeets chatting away in the daytime on the palm trees nearby - amazing to see so many of them. The roof terrace is a great place to chill, grab a drink and take it up there. A real feel of the city, with views as far as the eye can see. Boy, this place was the best; totally different, great atmosphere and absolutely fantastic staff (who were friendly and most helpful but not intrusive). Because it was so relaxed and chilled, the staff really made it for us. There was always a friendly face, a Hello! and How was your day?. It was never any trouble to recommend somewhere, book a restaurant or post a letter. They were so kind. And their recommendations were spot on. It was also nice that they asked us about a tapas bar we had been raving about because one of the other guests wanted to go there. That was cool to share info. Very observant!I had read up on Trip Advisor prior to booking this hotel and as one reviewer had said he would go back in a heartbeat - I can understand that. We plan to go back next year. The hotel might be a little more expensive than others but it makes sense to us to stay somewhere where we know it will be comfortable, clean, safe and friendly. Hats off to Casa Camper! Excellent - Five Star Rating all the way!Well done! To all the staff who were just great, thank you and especially Fernanda, Gemma, Guillermo and Sarah A seriously funky but extremely welcoming and comfortable hotel. Apparently, they will be opening one in Berlin sometime soon - I always wanted to visit that city too!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mroth
<Content>Great Stay Came to the Casa Camper from the Ritz Madrid so it was a change but it was still most excellent.......get the suite....not the reg rooms for you have to cross the corridor to go bathroom/bedroom to living area.....we had the sutie and it was great......Staff most excellent...small hotel......very coolWe loved it!!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Karenherts
<Content>Different! My husband and I stayed at Casa Camper last weekend and had a great stay. When you arrive at the hotel, there's an immediate wow factor and the fact that you can only get into the reception area with a special swipe card made us feel quite priveleged!The rooms were great, but to be honest I'm not sure that the two rooms (one being a bedroom and one being a lounge across the corridor) really worked for me. But it was a nice novelty and I can imagine would be great if you were travelling in a family or with a few other people.The bedrooms were a good size though and the fittings were top quality. I really appreciated the little design touches like the wall of plants outside the window (hard to explain, but very cool), the light fittings etc. I ended up taking lots of pictures as inspiration for our own home!The bottles of wine and beer in reception were a good idea and we'd come back to the hotel after eating out and buy a bottle of wine to drink on the sixth floor veranda. If it was closed for the evening the staff were really helpful and opened it up (although you need to get out at the fith floor and walk up one flight of stairs). It was like our little haven above the hustle and bustle of the streets below.The 'open' self service area was also a really nice touch for the odd snack and soft drink and breakfasts were really tasty.All in all we really enjoyed our stay. It wasn't the best hotel we have ever stayed in, but it was the quirkiest and I felt a real sense of personality, that I haven't experienced in any other hotel. All in all we would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tilly19
<Content>Super Hotel - Excellent in every way! We have recently returned from the Casa Camper Hotel in Barcelona. We booked following the recommendations of fellow trip advisors, as the best hotel in Barcelona. We would certainly highly recommend this hotel. My teenage children loved it. The hotel was in a perfect location, a few steps from the Ramblas, and was very interesting and contemporary in design. The best part was the free 24 hour buffet serving unlimited snacks and drinks. You could choose a snack and take it up to the roof terrace, with beautiful views of Barcelona. The bedroom was really cool in design, as was the sitting area across the corridor. The children loved the hammock in the sitting room.One of the best parts of our stay was the friendly and helpful staff. They could not do enough for you and were happy to provide directions and restaurant recommendations. I contacted them by email before my stay, and they were very prompt at replying and the emails were written in perfect English.Go and stay at the Casa Camper, a different and wonderful hotel. We certainly can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taxare
<Content>Agree with positive reviews I agree with the positive comments. I believe the name of the name of the woman at reception was Gemma, and she was terrific. There were 4 of us in two standard rooms and everyone enjoyed our brief stay. I would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaulReason
<Content>Offering something genuinely different (and brilliant!) Offering something genuinely different (and brilliant!). We鈥檝e been fortunate enough to stay at some very luxurious hotels over the recent years. There are far more luxurious hotels than Casa Camper. It doesn鈥檛 have a restaurant, concierge service, 24hr room service or a fitness centre. What it does have is unique character offering a unique experience without being your usual contemporary, but superficial, minimalist setup. Location - It鈥檚 perfectly placed in one of the most charismatic districts and is opposite a very cute infant school with glorious palm tree garden frontage. We have a 14 month old daughter and we took her to the small swing park in the square just around the corner surrounded by cafes. There are great caf茅鈥檚 and restaurants (Mama Caf茅 and Es) seconds from the hotel. You can also walk to the gothic quarter in 5 mins.Service 鈥?I鈥檝e never had service like this before. You need lots of it with a baby and they gave in abundance. Friendly, informal, pre-emptive 鈥?fantastic. Felt different from the Four Seasons style 鈥渨e鈥檒l give great service because you鈥檙e paying for it鈥? They spoilt my daughter to death, organised food to be brought in for us (including carrying it from a local restaurant), provided us with really helpful tourist advice etc etc. BRILLIANT!Style 鈥?The architect really did an amazing job on this place. With a standard room you get two rooms. A lounge and a bedroom with bathroom. The lounge is on the street side and the bedroom faces the vertical garden. In the bedroom, silence. In the lounge with the balcony overlooking the narrow pedestrian street, atmosphere. You feel connected to the city. We were on the first floor and it did get quite loud with people talking, skateboarders and the odd mo-ped. We actually loved this because you could feel the personality of Barcelona. With a young child having somewhere to sit and have a glass of wine, whilst being completely separate from the baby was a true godsend. The rest of the hotel works so well with stylish and surprisingly practical design. The music, 24hour caf茅, roof terrace, room design, eco friendly nature (even the water is recycled!) furniture etc all work together perfectly.Value 鈥?for what you get this is amazing. It鈥檚 affordable and the service/environment makes you feel great. Book now, consider no other.We did leave wearing two pairs of new Campers purchased from the shop around the corner. I suspect many other do the same. Ingenious, really.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katrineCPH
<Content>Best hotel in BCN       vetical garden seen from bathroom  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenniejen101
<Content>Amazing! We stayed at Casa Camper for 2 nights at the beginning of August and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of Barcelona and the hotel. Prior to our stay at Casa Camper, I emailed the hotel requesting a bottle of champagne and a fruit basket to be placed in our room for our wedding anniversary. They promptly replied to each email and assisted us in our transfer from the Airport to the hotel. We took the Aerobus which took us to Placa Cataluna within 20mins and a very short walk (about 5mins) we arrived the hotel. It is very secure and you need a pass to get through the door. When we arrived the receptionist was busy checking in another guest and a member of staff took us and showed us around the snack bar and got us settled with a drink whilst we waited for the receptionist to finish. the hotel have lots of tourist information - maps, guides, general info. The hotel room was very comfortable and everything was provided for you - even condoms!! Our Champagne and fruit was laid out very romatically in our lounge room and this room was aldso very comfortable. I know that you do not go on holiday to watch TV but after a long day of travelling, all we wanted todo was have a shower and relax with a glass of bubbly and film and it was nice that we had the option to watch a film in english!!. Breakfast was good and the staff were very helpful. After we checkeed out of the room, they allowed us to remain in the lobby/dining area to have a drink before we set off. We would not hesitate staying here again and we are looking forward to seeing more of these hotels appearing around the world - apparantly there are plans for belgium next.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spaintraveler2
<Content>Casa Camper really is as fabulous as they say       View of the Plants from the bathroom in the Casa Camper  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichaelH9
<Content>Ideal Camper has created a beautiful, modern, green hotel in an old building, and pulled it off perfectly. The young staff are hip and helpful, and the rooms were comfortable and well designed. There's a 24 hour kitchen of sorts off the lobby with snacks and drinks, all included. It was super hot in the city, so I very much appreciated all the free waters. The clientel was a real cross section. A few seniors, mostly 30-40ish people and a few little families. The area (El Raval) is in transition, so it's a tad sketchy in some places -- in a pick pocket way, not a dangerous way -- so stay alert. Overall, it's an A+. One of my all-time favorite hotels. I'd book again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Radler
<Content>Loved Casa Camper My family and I enjoyed our stay at Casa Camper. It lived up to all expectations.We had a suite, which was superb in every way. The building itself is a designers dream and a lot of thought and attention to detail has gone into everything.The staff were very friendly but professional at the same time.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WaneeD
<Content>Our New Favorite Hotel You can believe all the excellent reviews for Casa Camper. If your budget allows it, do not even consider staying any place else. We stayed in a suite and really liked the layout. The shower is the best in the world. We especially liked the large shampoo, soap, and conditioner dispensers; much easier to manage with soapy hands than little bottles. There was no street noise and we were on the 1st floor (2nd floor for Americans). The service and attitude of the staff was always friendly and very helpful. The hotel is very secure and located in a great, safe neighborhood with lots of restaurants within 5 minutes walk. Nearby restaurants offer everything from tapas to Med/Asian fusion. There is a little plaza 1/2 block from the hotel that is great for people watching. Las Ramblas and Catalunya Plaza are very close. Casa Camper is our new favorite hotel, please don't change anything.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kansastraveller
<Content>Worth every penny We had such an amazing time at Casa Camper, the only negative thing was we couldn't stay longer! Casa Camper is such an amazing place. We had such a great time! We had stayed at two other hotels in Barcelona and had such a negative view of Barcelona and thankfully we booked two nights at Casa Camper! We completely changed our view of Barcelona and loved every minute in our hotel and the city. It was rather late when we arrived but we were pleasently greeted by Sara and Sylas (both extrememly awesome individuals). They explained how the hotel worked and were taken to our room, which by the way was an amazing room! We were both so tired from traveling so we went back downstairs grabbed some snacks and wine and went to the terrace, it was sooooo wonderful and exactly what we needed. The food that was offered was really delicious! The salads, sandwiches, desserts and drinks are really great for being in the 'mini bar' I love the mini bar concept. Again, Casa Camper is worth every penny! The next morning, we went downstairs to eat breakfast and were greeted once again by Sylas and their amazing cook, who made anything we wanted for breakfast. The breakfast was amazningly delicious! I ordered an egg white omelette and it was the best egg white omelette I have ever eaten! It was so pretty!I highly recommend staying at Casa Camper because it is so comfortable, very unique and the staff is amazing (especially compared to the other places we stayed in Barcelona). Casa Camper is worth every penny and deserves to hold its #1 status on Trip Advisor. I can't hype this place up enough, we had an excellent stay and were treated really well and did not want to leave. We seriously considered staying an extra day just so we could stay at Casa Camper one night longer, it's that cool. I hope this review helps and urges you to book a couple of nights at a really great hotel!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodlife3
<Content>Expedia or Casa Camper Casa Camper is a great location with very kind staff. Which leaves us baffled as to whether our dissappointment is in them or Expedia.com. We prebooked our hotel with many others on our Vacation and this was the only one that we didn't pay in full before leaving home. At the end of a month vacation we arrive to learn that even though our itinery quoted our daughter as 15 years old and a part of the reservation. She in fact would cost us an additional 95Euro or approx. $135. per night (for 4 nights!) and she would have to sleep alone across the hall from us. (no way to put any kind of bed in the main room). So of course my husband slept on the couch across the hall.Well with all the rooms in the area booked out, who are you going to argue with. Especially when you booked with Expedia not directly with the hotel. It was an expensive misleading experience to be warey of. But to be fair, the staff was helpful and nice and the rooms very clean and in a great location. Expedia says they are trying to resolve this but 3 weeks later we can not get a response. At this point no, I will not be going back.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spititout
<Content>Worth the hype! Without a doubt, one of the very best hotels I have stayed in, and worthy of the excellent reviews here.Fantastic and unbelievably quiet location, near to Las Ramblas but away from the rowdiness; amazing designer rooms, superb staff...I could go on! There's a few nice little bistros and restaurants nearby that are definitely worth your attention, including a bar around the corner called Cafe Flamingos, perfect for late nite drinks with a cool clientelle and sublime indie dj-ing!Would definitely go back here! It is so nice to visit a hotel where someone has thought about things differently from the normal, boxy, one-off-a-hanger designs, and it really does deserve its excellent reputation. Staying here was an absolute joy, there was not one moment of doubt from the second i checked-in to the moment i left. My only regret is I didnt stay longer!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lkp_Traveller
<Content>What a place to stay... I stayed in Casa Camper summer 2006 with my family. This boutique hotel is a fantasitc place to stay. I highly recommend it to anybody considering staying in Barcelona. Firstly, the location is ideal- just off Las Ramblas, therefore there is no noise to be heard, ensuring a great stay. It is literally at couple of minutes walk to the main street.Then, there is the hotel itself, which is spectactular. There is 24hr access to food, including freshly made breakfasts in the morning (which need to be ordered- recommended!). The spacious rooms are extremely modern with large beds, a flat screen tv, great amount of wardrobe space, and a bathroom area. The shower itself alone is fantastic (v.powerful).Each room has its own 'lounge' opposite, with a sitting area, hammock and another flat screen tv- somewhere to relax after a long day. This area has a view of a side street, just off Las Ramblas. The sevice in this chic hotel is brilliant, as are the staff who work here. Conclusively, I recommend this hotel, as there were no faults to be found. Although, some prefer a bar area, and this hotel does not provide one- but who needs this when you are in the busy city of Barcelona? I would definitely return- it's probably the most luxurious hotel that i've ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JoyLeeds
<Content>Cool classy and staff who care the ambience is cool and calm - in this vibrant lively city that never sleeps. Excellent central location in quiet street.Well designed rooms -very comfy bed - brilliant walk in shower. LCD TV Radio and DVD.Loved the idea of 24hr healthy snacks - sandwich's -salads soup and organic juices (and cakes) great to come back to after long days sightseeing. Breakfast excellent the cook made whatever your request (with a smile)!.The staff were amazing in that they were attentive and genuinely seemed to care about our stay, esp Guillermo - always helpful and gave excellent restaurant recommendations. Christian (Silas) never stop smiling - couldn't do enough and was always there to provide the ice bucket for our champagne/wine in the evening. This was truly refreshing the staff as much as the design makes this hotel you can have great design and without good people it has no soul.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeGa
<Content>Splendid. Number 1 is the rating this Hotel has here on Tripadvisor and rightly so. This was my 4th. time staying here and I love it more each time I stay. You do it right Casa Camper, keep doing it as you do it now and you should be in top position for a long time to come. Great/splendid/amazing/etc.Question:- Why is the example of Casa Camper not followed more closely???  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>quantum_jane
<Content>A reality check -- cool hotel, but disappointing service all around My husband and I are writing this review together from our Casa Camper hotel room! We are here on our third night, and we have been saying for the past 72 hours 鈥渁dd that to the Trip Advisor review!鈥?So we thought we鈥檇 write it down now, since the list has grown so long and while it is still in our memory. We call this review The Reality Check 鈥?since we booked the hotel based on the glowing 鈥渂est hotel ever鈥?reviews, and in reality, we have had one problem after another with this hotel. We have mixed feelings after our stay, and wanted to share them. We splurged on this hotel, and the level of service was just not up to what we would expect. (Hotels we enjoy a lot, by comparison, include the Langham Plaza in Hong Kong, the Four Seasons in Sydney, and the Avenue Hotel in Copenhagen 鈥?to give you a sense of where we鈥檙e coming from.) We give in two stars for service, five stars for location and design -- we average it out to 3.5/4 stars.First, the positive: This hotel is in an unbeatable location. That alone is a great reason to stay here. Also, it has a very cool, hip vibe, great showers, and the rooms are smart and well-designed. However, we have had a string of problems throughout our stay that frustrated us greatly, especially at the rate we paid 鈥?220 Euro or 330 US dollars per night. We wanted to share them so that those of you who book here can temper your expectations a bit. We recommend that travelers looking for excellent service and concierges to think about booking elsewhere. - SMOKY ROOMS. The first night we checked in, we were given a room that smelled very strongly of cigarette smoke, even though it is a non-smoking hotel. We called down to ask about this, and the front desk acknowledged that they had smelled the smoke earlier when the made up the room. They said that they had opened the window in the bathroom and hoped that had helped, but it hadn鈥檛. There was no other room to move us, they said, and they had no way to clear the smoke out. So we spent our first night sleeping in a room that was very uncomfortable for us, as non-smokers. This is a big deal for me, as I hate sleeping in smoky rooms. It really made for an unpleasant first night, and we were frustrated that they had noticed the problem earlier and not taken sufficient steps to resolve it before we checked in. To spend $330 USD for a cigarette-reeking room just made me sad. - THEY FORGOT TO GIVE US OUR WAKE-UP CALL. There is no alarm clock in the room. You need to rely on the wake up call or travel with your own 鈥?which we didn鈥檛. So the second night, we were recovering from jet lag and requested a wake up call an hour before our dinner reservation at Comerc 24. They forgot to call us. We woke up ourselves eventually but it was a rush and we had to call the restaurant and request a later seating. With no alarms in the rooms, if you can't trust the front desk to give you your wake up call -- well, that's just not cool.- MANY FRONT DESK ERRORS. We depended on the front desk a couple of times, and we were really let down. First, when we really needed a cab quickly, they were unable to get one for us, even though when we checked in, we asked how difficult it was to get cabs and they said that it was no problem, to just call down. When they failed to get us a cab, my husband ran out into the street in front of the hotel and chased down a cab that had been parked out in front of the hotel. It seemed like something we could have gotten some help with 鈥?again, this is just a level of service. Later, we requested help booking train tickets. They said they would take care of it. But after a few hours we found out we had to go to the train service ourselves because you are unable to book those particular tickets over the phone. We only found this out because we stopped by the desk to inquire if everything was set. If we hadn鈥檛 asked, we would have returned home late at night, unable to get to the station and without any tickets for the next day. Also, the hotel says there are bikes to borrow, but when we checked on Saturday morning, they didn鈥檛 have any. Alas. These are little things, but my god, they add up!- FLAMENCO DANCING ON THE ROOF. If you want to sleep at midnight on a Saturday night, you might be in trouble 鈥?there was a troupe of Flamenco dancers on the roof two floors above us, which made for unbelievable stomping noises for a very long time. Although we were greatly disturbed by the noise, we weren鈥檛 allowed to even go up to the roof to enjoy the show, since it was for a private event. That also meant the Terrace, which we were hoping to hang out at Saturday night, was closed to us, which was disappointing. By itself, this wouldn鈥檛 be a big deal, but honestly, after all the other grief, it was just too much.CONCLUSION: We would only book here again only if we could do so at a reduced rate. If you are an extremely relaxed traveler, and the problems we had wouldn't be an issue for you, then by all means, this is a cool and comfortable hotel in a great location. If you want to be able to depend on the hotel for help with things or if you really need to get a good night's sleep, there might be better places for you in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>ramo
<Content>Simply Brilliant! What more can I add? Brilliant concept, grat staff, no attitude, great location, excellent showers and everything else that was said by previous reviewers. Although 24hr access to drinks and snacks in the lobby, a mini fridge in the room would not go amiss. If you like to wake up to natural sunlight then forget it due to location of rooms. However if you need to catch up on some zzzs then perfect. Slightly noisy A/C.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fvi
<Content>Casa Camper in Barcelona: a perfect stay First of all, the location is very nice, you are in El Raval which is sometimes said to be dangerous; instead it is very charming and you don't get the impression of being among tourists only.The staff of the hotel are young, very nice, always ready to help you out, very professional and competent. My daughter (10) went crazy for the hammock: yes, there is one in every room!The only recommendation: if you like natural light, ask for the highest floor!I can't say about the price, it was a wonderful gift!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>benjackthomas
<Content>The best hotel i've ever stayed in This is my favourite hotel I've ever stayed at.We (me and my girlfriend) had traveled up from Malaga on the night train (well worth doing - I think it was called trenhotel but it was genius cabins were brilliant) and arrived in Barcelona and was driven into the centre and down a small side street right in the centre was Casa Camper.The staff from the moment we arrived to the moment we left were ridiculously happy and helpful (i think we got more maps of Barcelona than it's humanly possible to carry). The breakfast was awesome and we even snuck some of the jams back to our rooms for snackage (you can't beat Bon Mamon). The room (the main room) was brilliant ultra modern and uber cool - ours was a black and red fest. You get an LCD TV on the wall, a cool radio, a DVD player (i think), a stupidly comfy bed, the best walk-in shower ever and lots of storage.You also get as a massive added bonus another room with a hamock and another TV and a comfy sofa.It's positioned right in the heart of Barcelona and is only minutes away from everything (well almost).Restaurant wise ask for the receptions recommendations of their favourite's we did this and were never disappointed.We also went to Nou Camp which i also thoroughly recommend.Bus to the airport was very easy (although had moaning English people on it - i think just to remind us we were going home).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diamondrockfarm
<Content>Back Again We stayed at Casa Camper in early 2006 for our 40th wedding anniversary. We came back with 2 sets of friends on June 6, 2007. We loved the decor, the location, and the separate sitting room. The staff is wonderfully helpful. They will make recommendations for restaurants, call cabs, give directions, etc. All their restaurant suggestions were wonderful. We love the mini cafeteria with food and beverages available all the time. Our friends were thrilled with this hotel, and they think we have wonderful taste!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrJoelB
<Content>Hip, Different,and Wonderful! I'm currently writing from the lobby of Casa Camper. It is wonderul! Decent wireless Internet connection, unlike other hotels we've stayed at on this trip. Free snacks and beverages 24/7. Spacious rooms that are modern and functional. Super friendly and helpful staff. My wife and kids love this place.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotelguruoslo
<Content>Hip, Relaxed, Convenient, Original I am a hotel snob - I admit it. I travel too much not to be. I always look for something unique but of high quality. Casa Camper fits the bill perfectly. I loved this place from the moment I entered.Staff are friendly and unpretentious. Location is convenient and real (as in not being the 100% tourist hell that Barcelona seems destined to become). The snacks and drinks available 24-7 make life easy. The rooms are comfortable, stylish and practical. Tivoli radios, sandals and condoms are left out for you to use. I stayed in a 'suite' located at the end of the hallways where the living area, bedroom and bath are all combined. I realize now that there is no advantage to this set-up over the normal 2-room arrangement for less cost. In fact, the bathroom and shower in the suites are not as nice! I would recommend not getting a 2nd floor room. The baseline from the lobby music comes through loud and clear. For sunshine and decreased street noise on the living room side of the building, get a room on the 4th floor or higher. All the bedrooms are quiet due to their location on the inside of the building. Although I love Hotel 1898 for the luxury and rooftop pool, I will not stay anywhere else but Casa Camper when in Barcelona now.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>PVTexas
<Content>Casual luxury If you enjoy luxury but don't like the pretentiousness that often accompanies it, Casa Camper is the perfect hotel. It is a casual, comfortable hotel with a unique design and impressive service.The moment you enter the lobby, you sense the energy the exudes from the young, attentive and knowledgeable staff. You are greeted enthusiastically and provided a tour of the hotel facilities.I was a little concerned about the design of the accomodations which separate your bedroom and bath from the private lounge across the hall. However, this proved to be very well thought out, providing a quite room for sleeping in a busy city and a comfortable room for reading/siesta (in the hammock provided) overlooking the streets below. My kids, who shared a room, like the fact that sleeping room and the accompanying private lounge each had its own television.The hotel was spotlessly clean and the 24 snack bar was extremely handy given the strange dining hours that result from touring a large city like Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kizzylew
<Content>Expensive, but fab We had a wonderful few days at the Casa Camper last year, and despite the expense I would recommend it. Great location in quiet street off Las Ramblas, the 24 hour 'cafe' area is great - we had breakfast and lunch here both days at no extra expense - plus any number of tempting snacks whenever we were worn out. Take a tray onto the top floor area and chill out.Love the green ethos of reusing water. Loved the decor - not sure about the mini living area idea (you get a private mini 'lounger' across the hall from your room) - maybe on a longer break you'd use the hammock area, but on such a short holiday we never really got much use of it.Most of all it was a laid back atmosphere, no pressure or fussiness from staff - you're just left to yourself unless you ask for help.Would love to return!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsp1
<Content>Excellent stay at unique hotel. Casa Camper is a very unique hotel in the El Raval section of Barcelona, relatively close to the top of the Ramblas. The location is great -- Raval is roughly equivalent to the Lower East Side / E Village of New York (many students, hip scene, etc.). The hotel is close enough to the Ramblas to make anywhere in the city an easy walk (Gothic/Born, Pl Catalonya, etc).The hotel itself is interesting. The rooms are really composed of two separate rooms (divided by the hallway). The main room has the bedroom and bathroom. The second room is a lounge with hammock and desk and large framed wall-map of the area.The bedroom has a flatscreen, safe, Tivoli radio (with aux input for ipod). Storage space is plentiful and there are some creative touches in the bathroom area. The lounge has another flatscreen and telephone. The whole hotel has free wifi. Surprisingly, there was turndown service in the evening. The best touch, however, is the free food/drink available 24/7 in the lobby (soda/bottled water - even redbull, snacks, coffee, sandwiches/salads, etc).The staff is incredibly helpful and generally speaks excellent English.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chgowanderer
<Content>Casa Camper Excelente! We stayed at Casa Camper in mid-May. The room configuration with a seperate mini lounge worked out wonderfully for me as I traveled with my 19 year old son. We both had our privacy. The rooms were clean with many amenities. The staff was wonderfully friendly and very helpful with answers to all our questions. The cooked to order breakfast was beyond anything we've had in a European hotel. One day pancakes with Nutella!!!!!Food available all day was definitely a benefit.Location was excellend and convenient to Placa de Catalunya and all forms of transit. We loved Barcelona and the Casa Camper!!!!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tama99
<Content>superb in every way Casa Camper is extremely well situated - near many main sights, La Ramblas, and the Placa Cataclun where buses to airport and tourist sights depart. The staff are very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable and offered tips on anything from their favorite sights in Barcelona, good shops, what to do when everything is closed, best way to get somewhere, restaurants to check out, etc.. My luggage was delayed for my first 32 hours and the staff offered to check in with the airlines for me a couple of times and sat on hold for an extended period of time to do so. Excellent service! The design of this hotel is a bit out of the ordinary but very attractive - the minimalist lay out makes for a very clean and functional property with luxuries where you want them like Camper slippers, king size bed, and a huge shower head. The complimentary non alcoholic beverages, snacks, and internet in the lobby were good to have in lieu of the usual mini-bar/pay internet. Breakfast was delicious and also included. The rooms are quiet despite noise on the street. I will stay at Casa Camper anytime I make it back to Barcelona and highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sgbslo
<Content>A unique hotel We stayed at the Casa Camper for 2 nights after a cruise. Before our cruise we stayed at the Hotel Claris which is totally different from the Casa Camper but we liked both hotels.The Casa Camper is an eco-friendly, young, hip place. The staff are all young and wear t-shirts with the hotel logo. They were all very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. The rooms are somewhat minimually furnished but very comfortable. The bathroom is nicely equipped and the shower is huge and has a rainfall nozzle. In addition to your sleeping room you also have a little sitting room across the hall with a sofa, desk, hammock and a small balcony. The only thing I didn't like about the bedroom is that the only window is in the bath area and it looks out on an enclosed courtyard so there's not much natural light in the room. The rate includes breakfast and snacks 24 hours. The snack selections were surprisingly good and included sandwiches, salads, fruits, cookies etc.The location is on a street in El Raval near the contemporary art museum and very near La Ramblas. It had a nice neighborhood sort of feeling yet was very convenient.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BaaCheshireUK
<Content>perfect for us This is a gem of a hotel and had all of the things we wanted:*ulta cool design*very clean*small ( only 25 rooms ) so very personal service*central but no traffic noise*each room has own extra room across the hall with hammock/tv*24 hour snack and soft drinks bar (included in room rate)*old rennovated building in heart of old streets *cycle hire*free internetThe things that made this hotel so special for us was:*the quality of the food in the snack bar and the breakfasts*the calm helpful staff*peaceful vibe inside hotel *the guest camper slippers - dead comfy'*normal' charges for telephone use*tipping refused by staff and this was great not because we are mean but because it is alien to British culture and I never quite know what the rules are when I am overseas - how much, to all staff ?, at end of stay? etcetera.........  Other comments:*skateboard park around the corner so noise of wheels occasionally as they made their way there - didn't bother us but may bother others* we couldn't cycle as no bike for my 11 year old which was a shame but I can see that they can't stock for all ages of children  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Julytime
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location We stayed in the Casa Camper in March 2007 for a 3 night visit to Barcelona. We chose the hotel mainly based on the reviews in Tripadvisor and would agree that it certainly lived up to the glowing reports it has received.It is a very modern hotel but is still very comfortable. The bedrooms are nice - very modern and the large shower area is nice. The 2 room idea is great - it's lovely to have a room other than your bedroom to relax in after a long day walking around the city. It was nice to be able to throw open the balcony doors and relax with a coffee while listening to the sounds coming up from the street before getting ready to go out for dinner. Also loved the fact that the all day snacks were included in the room rate.It's also in a great location - just off La Ramblas. I would certainly recommend Casa Camper to anyone planning a stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Photopedia
<Content>Youthful and modern What a breath of fresh air. A unique experience....most of it delightful but one or two negative points.The positives (and there were many):1) Very helpful friendly staff2) Personal internet booking service- staff offered to arrange restaurant bookings and an airport pickup via email3)Central location just off La Ramblas but very quiet4) Relaxing rooftop terrace5) Free drinks and snacks available in the lobby 24 hours a day6) Free internet access (one terminal) in the lobbyThe negatives:1) Decor felt like a rather stark version of Habitat - funky but not comfy or homely. Lobby felt like a shop interior, not a hotel.2) Bedroom and lounge were dark and rather unwelcoming. The coolness might have been a relief in the heat of the summer but not at the end of March.Despite these gripes, the overall experience was very positive because the staff were all so kind.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>freddiefrog
<Content>Service is what it's all about I chose to stay at the Casa Camper after much research and also a friend's recommendation. I stayed with my 18 year old daughter and we both loved the hotel, Barcelona and the total experience. Barcelona is hip, design is paramount and this is all exemplified in this hotel. But the factor that differentiates this hotel is the staff - they were the best I have come across in a hotel. We stayed for 3 nights on a world trip and we felt very comfortable here. The suite is utilitarian and refreshingly different to normal hotel rooms. The room is a little dark, although we were there in winter! Large bathrooms.We were very centrally located, and within walking distance to all we wanted to see and do - we did lots of walking and discovered lovely tapas bars, restaurants etc I required a package to be posted to Australia, and the front desk fixed up the whole thing (packaging and postage) very painlessly for me.The open snack bar is such a welcoming addition to the hotel, it adds that homely feel for the traveller.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LLSL
<Content>Love the shoes, love the hotel... We were interested to see how Camper shoe design would translate intoa hotel. And like the shoes, this place is comfortable, user-friendlyand quirky. As standard you get two rooms, one is a mini-lounge across the public hotel corridor from the bedroom. This was fine except that is where the extra bed is, and we couldn't leave our 8yr old son in what is effectively a separate hotel room. There is a mechanism for opening the doors without a key but he was too short toreach one switch. Never mind, he slept with me and my husband got the extra bed! Except there is no toilet there, so he had to come in and out in the middle of the night. This aside, everything else was great. They have thought of the smallest detail including a nightlight in the toilet, a fantastic shower, automatic blinds which really cut out the light, and a whole wall of hooks to hang your stuff on. there is no mini-bar-but instead you get a free all day snack buffet, which was wonderful. Breakfast was delicious,and the chef will cook up any of your favourite breakfast dishes. The receptions staff are tremendously helpful with directions, bus numbers etc. Overall a great experience. (By the way there is a Camper shoe shop just metres away from the main entrance...)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CindyFRichmond
<Content>Practically perfect in every way! I did a lot of research on Barcelona hotels because this was not a trip I take every day, and I wanted it to be special - perfect even. Casa Camper was everything I could have expected and more. The hotel itself is warm, inviting and hip without being snooty. All of the service personnel I encountered looked me in the eye when greeting me, and several times addressed me by name. We got amazingly good advice when asking for recommendations or directions - Guillermo at the front desk was especially helpful. They have a little food bar that's open 24 hours with free drinks and snacks. In the morning, they will cook you a breakfast to order - all included in the price of the room! I had a suite, and both rooms were very comfortable.There was a small balcony that overlooked Carrer Elisabets, as well as a hammock you could hang out in! The location was perfect - right in back of the Contemporary Art museum, and a few block s from Las Ramblas, near Plaza Catalunya. The bathroom faced their unique vertical garden - very cool. The whole atmosphere perfectly matched the whole Camper shoe vibe - comfortable, fun, and kinda hip. I loved every minute there, and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ibboibbo
<Content>Casa Camper is the place to be at Excellent hotel - I stayed there for 6 nights on a worktrip, and I must say that this hotel lived up to every single expectation of mine.The staff is incredibly helpful and kind. The minibar is excellent, and the rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The rooms were also very homey, it didn't feel like I was at a hotel. The private lounge which comes with each rooms was a nice addition, it was great being able to relax in the hammock after a stressful day and reply to e-mails while listening to the street-life of Barcelona through the window.I give this hotel a 5 out of 5. I would give it 6 out of 5, but I'm afraid that's not possible.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Natmandu
<Content>A great place. I stayed at Casa Camper partly on the strength of the reviews on this site, and have to agree with everyone that said what a great place it is. This was my first time in Barcelona, and Casa Camper made it all the better. Close to La Rambla, and sat in the heart of the funky, arty, resurgent El Raval, the location is superb. The Mercado de la Boqueria is nearby, as well as several really good value cafes and restaurants. The Metro at Plaza de Catalunya is ten minutes walk, giving access to everything in Barcelona.Casa Camper itself is a breath of fresh air for someone who has stayed in hotels from budget dives to swisher places, and never been entirely satisfied by any of them while enjoying elements of all of them. It's modern, with minimalist, utilitarian features and shaker styling, and yet feels very comfortable indeed - imagine an almost 'hostel'-like atmosphere, but with the feeling of comfort of a more expensive hotel. The standard rooms give a separate bedroom and mini lounge, with the bedroom thoughtfully placed away from the street - these rooms come complete with flat screen TV, plenty of room, and a hammock in the lounge for a siesta. The shower was the best I have ever used.The emphasis on sustainability is in evidence everywhere - the water from the showers is all recycled and used again to flush the toilets, all of the glass, plastic and card is recycled, and most of the hotel seems to be made from recycled materials - very much in keeping with the Camper philosophy. This isn't however all crochet and joss sticks - this is a slick, modern design hotel.The food in the 24 hour canteen is free, the breakfast is free, everything is well thought out, and the staff are brilliant. I could have stayed just another night, and another...Easily my favourite hotel anywhere.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broomie
<Content>A relaxed, cool place            
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Arie-Mordejai
<Content>My favorite hotel This is my second stay at the Casa Camper. What a great experience!. This time I could not book a suite and stayed and one of the rooms, and enjoyed having a separate private lounge to chill out and rest. It felt like home. Much more relaxing that having to sit on your bed on a normal hotel room.What is not to like. The rooms are big, modern and comfortable. The bathroom shower is a pleasure. The breakfast is a delight and the 24 hour free food bar is better than room service at most hotels. If there is one problem with the Hotel is that is not easily accesible directly by car. This is really an incovenience only if you are coming to Barcelona for business but even then, my local business partners don't seem to mind.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coreyman97
<Content>cool hotel but beware of security!!! my family stayed here for 6 nites over christmas/new years. i booked it due to the reviews and it is a very cool place as most people have stated. so why the mediocre review? as my family and i were checking in we were told to leave all of our luggage at the front desk and to take a quick tour of the main floor. we were assured it was safe. the tour took all of a few minutes and when i returned, my knapsack was not there with all of my electronics and personal items. the check in manager said it was impossible and it never happened there. she also went on to question if i even had the bag since she had not seen it - though i had just given her my passports from the bag. i was told they would check the surveillance video and let me know if thay found anything. well of course the video showed someone lurking and stealing my bag when the front desk people turned their backs.i was told to go to the police station and make a report and they would see what they could do to compensate me with insurance. there is a fair amount of this petty thievery in barcelona so i was advised to come back real early the next day when i could take care of it in 1 hour rather that 3 or 4 as there were many similar cases. after making the report i was advised by casa camper that they were not insured unless i was mugged or physically had the bag ripped away from me. even though i was told by the hotel staff to leave everything and it would be safe, they couldn't do anything. they did say that i would receive a 15% discount on my stay - 2 rooms for 6 nites. while i appreciate the gesture it amounted to about 25% of what i had lost. i have emailed the owner of camper on 3 occasions to see if an organization as professional as theirs would do the right thing but i have not rec'd a reply. so just beware - the hotel is cool and our stay was enjoyable. but keep your bags and items close to you and when you are told to leave your belongings and they will be safe - DON'T DO IT!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>applemouse
<Content>Loved it..... We stayed in a suite for 3 nights covering the New Year Period. The room was large and had a combined living room/bedroom, the room was extremely quiet and the bed was exceptionally comfy. There are so many good ideas in this hotel in regards to design, comfort and practicality. The 24 hour cafe was an excellent idea as you could help yourself to teas/coffee, soft drinks and food whenver you wanted. Definitely of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. This is what hotels should be like. The staff were very helpful and friendly and all speak excellent english.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kradjian
<Content>Pedestrian Chic Stayed with my wife over New Years and concur with most of the reviews. The staff was excellent, especially Guillermo. The food lounge saved us an exceptional amount of money, allowing us to splurge on dinners. Location was central although if you have a lot of luggage take a cab as it sits on a tiny side street and typically very crowded. Very tight quarters but that is Europe. Don't expect elegance here, this is stricty an art nevaux atmosphere complete with somewhat tricky fixtures. Don't forget your electric converters! The shower was great and allowed us to replenish our resources after all the wonderful walking. The lounge room is seperated by a common hallway, however, served its purpose well when one spouse wanted to sleep and the other didn't. The sleeping arrangements kept it from getting a perfect score - the bed was small, a little uncomfortable and low to the ground. And the hallway is extremely noisy so if you are a picky sleeper may want to keep in mind. However, as an overall value this hotel is extremely hard to beat and we would consider returning.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleLady123
<Content>A Jewel In Barcelona Wow - what a hotel! I booked this hotel on the strength of the TripAdvisor reviews I had read and was certainly not disappointed.I can only echo what others have said - amazing staff, amazing service, great rooms and great location. Anyone traveling from Barcelona Airport I would recommend using the Aerobus for the transfer.A great service and was only 3.75 euros each. We loved Barcelona and for first time visitors I would recommend trying the Bus Turistic as a good method of orientation around this beautiful city.If we ever return to Barcelona this is the only hotel we would stay in!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>USAconcierge
<Content>Fantastic--One Of The World's Great Boutique Hotels This is a hotel that has its act together. I chose this hotel because I'm the concierge at the No. #4 rated hotel in the United States on Tripadvisor, the Holiday Inn Historic District in Charleston, South Carolina, and whenever I travel I always like to stay at hotels that are highly rated on Tripadvisor so that I can learn tips and techniques to help me do even better at my own job. In my job as a concierge, I try to dazzle my guests every day with great customer service, but as result it's very hard to impress me when I stay at other hotels. Well, I'm here to say right now that I was completely DAZZLED by the level of customer service at Casa Camper. If you want to learn all the qualities that make up a great hotel, you need to stay at Casa Camper. Before my arrival, I asked the staff to recommend a tour guide to take us around Barcelona. They recommended someone and I tried several times to contact her by e-mail to no avail. So I e-mailed Casa Camper--could you try to track her down for me? Within two hours, I had an e-mail from the tour guide I was trying to reach, who said that Casa Camper had contacted her about my efforts to reach her and profuse apologies about her slowness in getting back to me. Now THATS customer service! When Casa Camper heard I was having trouble reaching this tour guide, they made my problem THEIR problem! We were taking trains all over Spain, but one of the tickets we were told could only be bought locally, not over the phone. So I e-mailed Casa Camper--could they get them for me? Within two hours, I received an e-mail from Casa Camper saying that they had already bought the tickets for me and would be waiting for me when I arrived! Wow---these people were really starting to dazzle me! When we finally arrived in early November, I immedietely fell in love with the decor of the hotel. There was a stunning mural of Barcelona on the wall and the whole place exuded an air of class and cool. When we checked in, something happened which I've never seen at a hotel before. One staff member took our passports and credit card while another one took us around and gave us an introductory walk around the hotel to explain the concept of the hotel and how it worked. This lasted at least 10 minutes and I later observed them doing this walk with other guests. They said they tried to do this with ALL the guests--it really made you feel special. I LOVED this idea. I LOVED the breakfasts---they made me a great ham and eggs or omelette every morning just the way I liked it and couldn't have been nicer about it. The rooms were ultra-chic and cool. The showers were the best I've ever encountered---fantastic water pressure that would come down like a waterfall. Everything was very, very clean. The beds were great, with huge pillows to rest your head against. When you got your wake-up call, they did something I've never seen at a hotel---they would ask you if you wanted them to call you back in 15 minutes just in case you went back to sleep!!! How innovative. When have you ever had a hotel ask you THAT before? The other innovative thing is this concept of the the 24-hour cafe in hotel where you could get snack or a drink at any hour of the day without having to pay anything. I loved this idea, too--although I will say it tended to be really healthy snacks. I suggested that they consider putting out some chocolate-chip cookies, oatmeal cookies, perhaps even some carrot cake for the junk-food junkies staying in the hotel. If they did that, then they 24-hour cafe concept would have been REALLY amazing! The best thing about this hotel, though, like all great hotels, is the staff. You can have the greatest rooms in the world, but without great staff, the hotel has no soul. The staff here speaks English fluently (a big plus in Barcelona, where a surprisingly large portion of the people have little grasp of English) and is in general, top-notch. I got a chance to speak with the General Manager, Nathalie Porta. She came up to me and and asked how my stay was going. Like most of the staff at Casa Camper, she was absolutely stunning to look at. I asked her, What is your secret? How do get such great staff? She said, We teach the staff one thing--never assume anything. Great advice. I sat down with her and told her my impressions and what she could do to make it an even better hotel. To my amazement, she took notes! This is the mark of someone who was born for the hotel business. She didn't think she knew it all--she wanted to know what she could do to be even better! Other stand-outs among the staff---Gemma was a super-star. She also was an example of someone who was born for the hotel business. She gave the feeling she really cared about my stay and bent over backwards for us! Maude was a total sweetheart. She did the introductory walks of the hotel and was, in general, fabulous. Cristina did the e-mails beforehand and was just as nice in person as she was by e-mail. Marilo at the front desk was also super-nice. I have only one criticism--the tour guide that they recommended for us to take us on private tours around Barcelona was good, but not great. I suggested to Nathalie that they set up a program with the staff where once a month they pay each one of the staff to go out and take some interesting new walking tour or visit some new exhibit at one of Barcelona's many museums so that they can always have current and up-to-date suggestions of things to do for the guests. If they did this, they might have found a better tour guide to recommend to me. But if you don't pay the staff to do this, they get busy and never get around to it. As a concierge, I know I am as only as good as my suggestions.  The bottom line--an innovative, ultra-chic hotel, in a great location, with super-friendly staff willing to bend over backwards for you ((and great breakfasts too!) I loved it and would never consider staying at any other hotel if I ever return to Barcelona. I liked it that much!Kevin McQuadeChief ConciergeHoliday Inn Historic DistrictCharleston, South CarolinaUSA  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Miss_L79
<Content>Can not fault I stayed at Casa Camper over the New Years Eve break and definitely rate this hotel as one of the best I have stayed in (which is saying something as I tend to stay on avg in three hotels a month for work). Not only is the decor and the layout of the hotel and its amendities superb, but more importantly the staff were friendly and extremely helpful. They did their best to ensure our visit to Barcelona was wonderful from suggesting restaurants to providing information on tourist attractions. The location of the hotel itself is very central and only a short distance from the airport. I can't wait to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gcookedublin
<Content>It's all good. The most quirky and genuinely welcoming hotel I've stayed in. The staff are helpful and will investigate any question you have (we were inquiring about nightclubs and restraunts a lot). The 24 hour food is an original and convenient idea. Loved the showers and the lounge too. The hotel is right beside Las Ramblas so within walking distance of everything. Highly recommended.PS- WATCH YOUR WALLET. Pickpockets are everywhere in Barcelona. Keep your wallet in an inside pocket if possible. Be careful in the back streets around Las Ramblas and on the escalators in the Metro. The bastards tried to steal my wallet twice in three days!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AC-Elite
<Content>Very very cool While Casa Camper isn't cheap, it is certainly an exceptional and unique hotel experience. Much has been said about the very cool styling of the rooms and some of the innovative concepts (all day complimentary snacks and drinks), but what really makes this place stand out is the exceptional service and friendliness of the staff.GREAT THINGS:-Very cool, stylishly designed rooms-Separate lounge/sitting area across the hall is a fantastic concept, especially for those getting over jet lag and wanting to do something at 3am without waking your travel companion!-Tasty breakfast, tortillas to your liking made on demand-Free internet terminal w/ printer-Very cool location, a perfect base for Barcelona-Top-shelf staff, great language skillsGOOD THINGS:-Good quality bed linen  towels-Hammocks in TV room, excellent TV screens-Bedroom  bathroom facing a serene (and quiet!) wall of plants-Honest-to-goodness environmental awareness, recycling of shower waterDISAPPOINTING THINGS:-Lack of door on bathroom - you had better be very comfortable with your travel companion!-Quite expensive for Barcelona/SpainOverall, a fantastic experience, and one that shouldn't be missed.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anononymouse
<Content>An Unusual Hotel with Great Service       Lobby  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ricop
<Content>My Favorite Casa We absolutely loved this hotel. The rooms were great and the shower was the best I've had in any hotel anywhere. Location is a block and a half from the Ramblas with great restaurants and shopping very close. The hotel staff was very helpful. I've been in a few hip hotels where the young staff members viewed us 60+ year olds as interlopers on their turf and gave us short shrift. Not here--the staff was fabulous and mostly refused to accept tips. And the free food and non-alcoholic beverages 20 hours a day was wonderful. Just so nice to have that cold water, juice or soda there for the taking or a sandwich, salad, or cookie to tide us over till the late Barcelona dinners.What a treat.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Daniel&Virpi
<Content>most helpful staff Just spent a no-kids weekend getaway at the Casa Camper. We liked everything about it, the twin room concept was not bad at all and the interiors very nice. The location is great, not too noisy, and everything within walking distance. Breakfast was good and the free snacks a great idea. What really makes this place stand out is the staff, always helpful and friendly, and in a natural manner. One staffer got us tickets for a great football game on short notice, much appreciated. A stylish and relaxed hotel. (Also check out the Central bookstore in the same street if you are serious about books, and do go to a football game if Barca is playing).  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aristoph
<Content>Twin room concept just doesn't work Ok, first the great things about Casa Camper. It is very well located, just off la Rambla but in a relatively quiet side street. The staff are all young, very friendly and speak great English. While I was sceptical about the self-service food and drink concept at first it actually works very well in a hotel of this size (just 25 rooms) and there is a wide choice of snacks and drinks available. The main bedroom in your set of two rooms is large and well designed, with a beautiful walk-in shower (however using it does fill your whole bedroom with steam and humidity as there is no separating door). The fittings are all new and of high quality. All this is very very good.So why just a three-star rating then? The problem is that the split living-room/bedroom design with a corridor separating the two spaces just doesn't work. While we never actually used our living space that's not really a big issue as the bedroom is more than big enough to live in comfortably for two nights. No, our complaint was the noise every time our neighbours crossed the corridor between their two rooms. The doors are spring-loaded and slam loudly, made much louder by the hard floors in the corridor and rooms. Worse, there is a system to open the door across the corridor from your bedroom without using a key but this makes a very loud buzzing noise each time. None of this is too bad unless your neighbours are a family with children who are crossing the corridor every two or three minutes from 7am! Or the previous night a drunken couple who keep carrying things between the two rooms at 2am! Clearly the hotel can't be held responsible for the inconsiderate behaviour of its guests but the design is flawed and you risk a very bad night of sleep or a row with your neighbours. It's a shame as everything else is so right but I really can't recommend the Casa Camper.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnHixArchitect
<Content>A joy for an architect. My wife and I have just returned from a week鈥檚 stay in Casa Camper Hotel, Barcelona. We are owners of Hix Island House in Vieques, Puerto Rico which has a #1 Trip Advisor designation for hotels in Puerto Rico. We chose Camper because it was #1 on Trip Advisor in Barcelona. Camper鈥檚 unique plan of a separate living area across the corridor from the sleeping area ( the quiet side) is excellent and fun. The cheerful desk service cannot be topped. Reservations, travel, whatever-they do it for you. My wife discovered that she had over- paid 20 euros for a shirt, Guillermo, one of the Camper Team at the desk, went on her behalf and retrieved the money from the local merchant. Now that is service.The made to order breakfast and our ability to snack on salads, sandwiches etc. ( included in the rate) is contemporary and convenient in a city. But as an architect, it was refreshing for me to be living in a well thought out design ---and that lovely rain shower topped off a perfect day.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karenodk
<Content>A fantastic find We've just returned from a couple of wonderful days in Barcelona.The first night we stayed in Casa Camper, it is like a four star Hostel for over forties. The staff were excellent. The accomodation comprised of a big spacious comfortable, well equiped bedroom with a lovely sitting room with a view over the roofs of Barcelona. The dining area had free food and drinks available all day. The hotel is located three minutes walk from La Rambla. Treat yourself its worth it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jzking
<Content>Unique Hotel and Excellent Location               
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Brianstriptips
<Content>Loved this fun, colorful place. And the people are awesome. Well ... this new Casa Camper hotel has a lot going for it! Great location. Clean, colorful design. And a smart, functional concept. The bathrooms are awesome ... with a huge window that allows you a bright look into their simple courtyard with a rolling outdoor shutter that will close out the light for an afternoon nap. zzzzzzz Another unique aspect is a small sitting room across the hall .. allowing you to use it as an office, place to read or as a brief getaway from the bedroom and your significant other. Enjoy the romantic street below and rooftops of Barcelona on the upper floors. The simple, but elegant breakfasts and snacks available most all the day and night were a welcome refreshment. During the day the kids can be a bit noisy from a school across the street ... but let's face it ... it was the joyous sound of fun. But ... the very best thing about Casa Camper was the staff ... the standouts were from Spain, Brasil and France ... Christina Noguiera, Ferdinanda, Laurent, and Joel ... and a wonderful lady with the coolest white glasses ... these folks bent over backwards to make sure you were happy, knew where you were going and never stopped smiling. What a welcome relief from the stodgy, bored front desk people of the world ... Casa Camper staff rocks ...! Bravo.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Haraldo
<Content>Perfect marriage at Casa Camper         
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Broncos347
<Content>Great place to stay       The bedroom  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>World_Traveler4
<Content>Be careful of the rip off We are seasoned travlers who have been around the world several times. We booked four rooms for a family of 11 traveling to Barcelona and staying for one night prior to boarding a cruise ship. We had spent several hours with AMX travel including calling the hotel in order to make sure that there were no problems. We had booked four suites. Our AMX travel counselor had called ahead and found out that each suite would accomodate up to three persons and we were quoted a price of 235.00 euro's per room for up to three people per room. Since there were 11 of us this would be great ( there were seven adults and four children 14 and under). Anyway, once we got there everything was fine and we checked in early as requested. However, when we left to go out sight seeing several hours later they informed us that we would have to pay 90. Euro's extra each for two of the children. We spent over two hours trying to reason with these people, to no avail. The rooms were small but nice. However,being ripped off for an additional 180. Euro's was not pleasant. So... be careful with this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>EstherD
<Content>huge telephone bill We stayed 5 days at the casa camper. the service was nice and very helpful. However there were two flaws. One of them is that at the day we checked in at the hotel, we asked how much it will cost to make international calls. The girl at the entrance told us about $1 for every 5 minutes which sounds very reasonable, and not a rip -off price as many hotels are taking. However when we received the bill at the end of our stay, we had to pay $23 for 13 minutes of call time. There were a few calls that no one even answered (e.g. a 3 second call for $0.40 and no answering machine answered).The other issue is that our friends stayed in Barcelona and they came to visit us, and the hotel personnel let them in, while at the end the bill showed $14.10 for this visit. Nobody told us that there is a fee involved for letting our friends in. We should have known this fact before letting people in.Besides these flaws the stay was ok, but the hotel is very simple and the price (235 euro) is definitely not worth the stay. We stayed one night at the marina hotel which cost a little more (280 euros) but was definitely a 5 star hotel. If the free food is important for you, think about all the delicious food that you can taste at the streets of Barcelona. This hotel is nice, but the price is too high for what you get, and for me it is very important to get the real facts before you pay (telephone and friends visit).  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>J&ALondon
<Content>A refreshing concept Casa Camper exceeded our expectations, even though we'd read all the good reviews of it on this site. It embodies an entire concept within one hotel.The stylish interior design and sustainability ethic can be seen from its website and is every bit as good as it looks there, attention to detail especially. What you can't see in advance is the atmosphere and exceptional attitude of the staff who take trouble to make you feel genuinely welcome (not the I've-been-trained to-say-this-fake-smile-have-a-nice-day you find pretty much everywhere else). The free all day snack idea and ability to take your breakfast up on to the roof terrace added even more to the sense that you are allowed to relax and feel at home. This works even if, as we did, you stay for just a weekend. The place fits you, not the reverse.If we go back to Barcelona, and we hope we will, we would not consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aldonna
<Content>What fun! Everything about Casa Camper is fun and witty. The suspended wooden bicycles to borrow, the rubber camper slippers to relax in and the all day snacks help to make this a great place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bowen_Family
<Content>A magical experience We very recently had a weekend break at Casa Camper with some good friends to celebrate a birthday. It was the best hotel experience any of us have ever had. I had asked for a bottle of Cava to be waiting in our friends room and not only had they remembered to do this (chilling in an ice bucket, ofcourse) but they had also made a small birthday cake with candle and left a lovely note for her. The hotel is ultra modern and very stylish - but somehow manages to have a real warmth about it. The 24/7 food was fantastic (the cooked breakfast was superb) and because all the food is included in the price, it really made it very good value. It is exceptionally child friendly yet child-free couples would love it also. I can't imagine staying anywhere else if we visit Barcelona again. At one point, sitting on their roof terrace with a view of the rooftops of the city, sipping chilled wine and tasting their delicious snacks we tried to invent a new holiday game - If you could improve one thing about this hotel... what would it be? and we were all lost for ideas. It is as if the owners have brain stormed everything people look for in a hotel and then gone on to make it happen. The only suggestion I can think of is... we need one in every city!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveling Wilbury
<Content>very very cool! We walked into this hotel having just left a fabulous windstar cruise of the mediterranean-not knowing what to expect and literally dumped outside the door by a second cab that rescued us from the first one that left us off in the wrong spot. You can imagine that two tired people with too much luggage could be quite grumpy. Walking through the Casa Camper doors our moods immediately brightened. Who could believe that we were in such a super cool spot, instantaneous food, great sophisticated music- the atmosphere and the room could not have been better. The staff become instant friends- easy to consult and not at all pretentious. Loved the place- the location and the fact that Trip Advisor people really know how to pick a spot. One piece of advise for the hotel would be to get better lighting in the room-even if it is not entirely an eco-friendly thing to say!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funnymom
<Content>Happy Campers Our family of 5, including a teenager, an eleven year-old and a six-year old, stayed here in early August. We LOVED this hotel, and our children rated their stay in this hotel the high-point of our entire two-week trip to Northern Spain. Our boys shared a room with twin beds, my husband and I had a room with a queen-sized bed, and the lounge across the hall allowed our six-year old to have a room of her own. The snacks downstairs were delicious and much appreciated. The modern decor was edgy, without being jarring, and was in keeping with the high-style elsewhere in the City. But, best of all were the warm and helpful staff. Due to the trouble in Heathrow, our return flight was cancelled. The staff, on no notice, found rooms for us, so that we had a place to stay until we could be re-booked back to the States. I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>francesl
<Content>A little luxury Having read the review on this site, and looking for somewhere special to take my parents for a treat, this looked perfect. The staff were fantastic (apart from the one girl who didn't order the taxi we needed to the airport!), the rooms were fabulous, and the whole experience worthwhile.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>restlesstraveler
<Content>Super-hip oasis... If you go, spring for the suite -- pricy, but worth every bit of the money. The hip design and attention to detail are fabulous -- from the hammock in the living room to the sliding doors separating the spaces. The hotel has every amenity you'd want for an urban vacation (great shower, free broadband internet access via a terminal, flat panel TV, etc) plus some that are unique and cool (eco-friendly water re-use in the bathrooms, free sodas, juices and snacks -- including bottled cokes, etc). There's no gym or pool, but you'll get your exercise from walking around the city. Be sure to grab a bottle of wine and hang out for a bit on the penthouse floor ... great view and great spot to soak in all the buzz from below in the city. There are cool outdoor cafes as well nearby (on the same or adjacent side streets, slightly away from the madness of La Rambla) for afternoon or late night dining.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>steveclemo
<Content>Right location  From the tripadvisor reviews we chose this hotel for part of our honeymoon and it did not disappoint. The hotel was just off La Ramblas and in a little side street so it was very quitet.The free food was great and there was plenty of it.Special mention has to go to the staff, from the personal introduction to the hotel, to assistance with choosing restaurants, to taxis, to letting us leave our bags at the hotel a couple of days checking out.I would recommend paying for a suite if your budget allows, as the room is all connected, rather than split by a corridor.Finally, we loved the Camper slippers and searching for some on the internet to buy as a pratical memory of our stay.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HackneyTraveller
<Content>On your bike! This has got to be one of the most fantastic hotels I have ever stayed in. It oozes good design from the moment you walk in. The bikes hanging in the foyer, which are available to rent, are a real treat. We took them out for a days sightseeing in the city - great fun. The hotel offers complimentary food for guests 24 hrs a day, a wonderful touch. The staff are really great - informal and friendly without that awful deference that some hotel staff seem to think they need to assume. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick3000
<Content>A great place to stay We stayed at the Casa for 5 nights at the end of July/beginning of August and we were just blown away by this hotel. From the attentive, keen, helpful staff, to the cleanliness and decor of the rooms, the whole experience was exemplary. On arrival a staff member gave us an introductory tour of the ground floor where the 24hr buffet can be found, and our room (a suite, which is recommeded if you don't want the split lounge/bedroom arrangement). The rooms are excellent, with contemporary design and air con, vital in the height of summer!The days were spent touring the city, then grabbing a few soft drinks from the buffet or beers from reception and relaxing on the 6th floor terrace, complete with piped jazz, very chilled out! The staff couldn't do enough, even going so far as to post our postcards for free as we checked out.We weren't asked for a customer evaluation at the end of our stay so I hope the staff read this site on the free 24 hr internet access in the foyer, as this is hotel beats every city hotel we've stayed at, 5 stars and all.So believe the hype and book!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paulcellist
<Content>No room for improvement. The way this hotel epitimises everything thats cool and chic about Barcelona, and the way the staff runs it in every single aspect we noticed, leads me to think that there cannot be a negative review in this hotel's future.All the details are already stated here for you to read on. I would just say that it was very clear to us that there is nothing superficial about this place. They genuinely and sincerely want you to feel at home. Stylishness notwithstanding, it may be cool but the people are warmly hospitable, professional and knowledgeable. Give them a job, or share your travel arrangement snafu with the front desk and you will have all the help you could ever hope for. And what with everything else....(don't miss the omelettes!)It all helps to make this simply your first choice.We loved it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dave_Flm
<Content>Another satisfied customer Just to reinforce the positive reviews below - we were delayed by the Barcelona airport strike and the staff were extremely supportive. This is an oasis of calm and cool (in both senses) in the city and provided a great base for our short visit. It's a great concept and maybe Camper will open more?  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orangegirly
<Content>Fantastic lovely lovely chilled out hotel in the middle of a bustling city,fantastic service, hospitality, rooms and communal areas cannot say one bad word about this place - my review is short and sweet A++++++  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaFlummery
<Content>Lived up to our expectations!       Snacks Enjoyed Here!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FreqTravUK
<Content>Outstanding Service, Unique  I chose this hotel because of all the outstanding reviews on this site... and I was not disappointed. I love TripAdvisor and I love Casa Camper.I arrived early in the morning and discovered that Expedia screwed up my reservation (don't ever use Expedia for hotels - just flights) and the middle night we were staying was not available. However, the hotel insisted on finding us alternative accomodation for that one night and invited us back for their wonderful breakfast the next morning.They checked me in early with no problems.Breakfasts are wonderful. Simply wonderful. All-day food idea is fabulous, tasty, and sensible. I really liked the rooms, but it is a designer hotel, so it may be a touch modern for everyone's taste. The first everning (on my own), I made a lot of use of the second (living) room, but once my wife arrived and we became tourists, we didn't really use it.This is now my hotel for Barcelona. I simply would not stay anywhere else. Business or pleasure!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kjvColorado
<Content>Loved the hotel- go for a suite we spent 4 great nights here last month and loved the place. great service, wonderful location (a funky but ultra safe neighborhood, so if your tastes run 5th avenue stay elsewhere) and loved the free snacks and drinks all day (they should consider padding the seats fo the metal benches in the central lounge and breakfast area). one piece of advice- the suites have the lounge and bedroom connected (as opposed to being across the hall in the regular rooms) and we thought that made the lounge much more useable and made the room much more spacious.by the way- the person who said the rooms were Ikea is wrong. First, some of the accessories come from VIncon, a very cool store in Madrid and Barcelona (worth stopping in on your Gaudi walk), and second, they don't sell beds and linens this comfortable, or showerheads and sinks this luxurious, or flat screen tv's this nice (i could go on but you get my point) at Ikea.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend strongly - Feedback here is really objective I stayed with my extended family, including a 6 year old, for three nights the last on July 1st. We had chosen the Casa Camper based on the feedback on tripadvisor and we will surely use trip advisor more often. Casa Camper is an extremely comfortable hotel with friendly and impeccable service. The ambience (especially the rooms, the snack bar and the extremely helpful (but not intrusive at all) staff make it feel just like home. The location is also nearly ideal - close enough to the bustle of La Ramblas, Placa Catalunya and the metro, yet just tucked away in a quaint and quiet block.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa Camper - fantastic!! My partner and I have just returned from our holiday in Barcelona where we stayed at Casa Camper. We picked the hotel largely based on other reviews read on Trip Advisor and, I have to say, all positive reviews are 100% correct. It is a lovely, lovely hotel and the staff are fantastic. We've stayed at similar 'pitched' hotels (The Clift in San Francisco, The Hudson in New York, Beau Rivage in Nice) and we both thought Casa Camper was the best of the lot! Where to start? The staff are so welcoming and friendly - nothing is too much trouble and they make you feel at home straight away. The rooms - we paid a little extra and stayed in a suite and it was worth every penny. With standard rooms I don't know about crossing the corridor to the lounge - I think we'd remain cocooned just in the bedroom and the suite has the luxury of both areas 'as one' - but, who knows?! The showers were fab, the beds were the most comfortable I've slept in and the rooms pleasantly quiet. The hammock was great to chill in after a strenous day at the shops or on the beach!The 24 hour snacks are a great idea and really healthy - perfect for a quick snack to stave off hunger pangs before the late night Spanish dining! Breakfasts, too, were delicious and the chef is happy to prepare any egg based dish for you. If not, there are croissants, fresh fruit, ensimadas, yogurts, bread, coffee, juices etc etc.The district is great too - very arty and cool. There are nice restaurants nearby (turn left out of the hotel and first left again) but don't expect to tuck into anything until post 9pm. For cocktails head to Rita Blue on Placa St Augusti (sp?) - 5 minutes walk away. So, all in all a brilliant hotel and one we'll definitely be returning too - hopefully time and time again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LouiseandKeith
<Content>High Expectations... I wanted somewhere a bit special for my partners surprise birthday trip to Barcelona but have to say after relying on previous reviews of this hotel my high expectations were left a little short of the mark.The location is great as other reviewers have mentioned,ideal for metros/aerobuses/taxis and tourist bus tours and despite being very near La Rambla, not noisy at night.Service also was also very good-all the staff were very helpful and happy to make many recommendations as to where to go/eat etc in Barcelona. Sitges beach was a lovely tip,a beautiful old town with wonderful shops,quaint winding streets and fab fish restaurants on the seafront-a 35 minute train ride from Barcelona.However 2 nights reception booked restaurants for us,both of which were rather snooty and pretentious (one in Sarria and one at the top of a large tower in Port Olympia). Service was poor and prices high. Probably better to stick to the smaller local restaurants tucked down the many side streets or on the sea front/harbour.Where the hotel fell down in our opinion,was the rooms. They are very 'IKEA' in style and not very cosy to come back to. As the whole room is painted red,they felt very dingy and the only fresh air in the bedrooms was from a tiny window round the corner from the bedroom in the toilet. This wasnt helped by the fact our room smelt very damp/mildewy (Room 32) though this could have just been a leak. Although there was a nice big shower ,after 3 days of walking for miles each day (pretty unavoidable if you want to see as much as you can of the city),it would have been fantastic to come back and be able to soothe you aches and pains away in a bath. The 'lounge' room across from the hall feels like a bit of an afterthought and isnt really a comfortable or practical place to relax although you can get some fresh air in here by opening the balcony doors.For a hotel in this price range (265 EUROS per night) we would expect facilities such as Sky (not just good old BBC World!),cd player,dvd player (there's a space in the wall for them but they are having problems with them at the moment) and a bath.Overall, location and service good but room disappointing,I think they are trying too hard to be hip and have lost some of the home comforts along the way-would love a return visit to Barcelona but would stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>portal
<Content>Ranked No. 1 for very good reason! We stayed for seven nights in June and enjoyed every single minute in this fabulous Hotel.From the minute we arrived we were made to feel like we were the only guests in the Hotel. Checking in was unbelievably easy. Our passports were dealt with and our baggage collected whilst we were given a personal tour of the Hotel and its amenities. Everything was fully explained and demonstrated. We booked the suite on the third floor and it was incredible. Fantastic bathroom, super comfy large bed, safe, digital radio, and a lounge area with flatscreen tv, sofa, lamps, balcony and hammock.The free food and drink was fresh and the menu changed regularly. We took a tray of food and drink up to the lovely sun terrace each afternoon to relax after sightseeing before a relaxed night out.The Hotel is being cleaned almost 24 hrs a day and as you can imagine was absolutely spotless at all times. Our room was serviced each morning and prepared again each evening.The staff could not help us enough and I mean from the front of house to domestics. They all wore the same trendy black uniform and all went out of their way to keep us happy.The breakfasts offered eggs cooked to any order, meats, cheeses, bacon, sausages, fresh fruits, juices, coffee, tea, cereals. Every taste was catered for. The french guy that served us each morning was one of the nicest, friendly helpful staff I have ever encoutered at a hotel breakfast session! He remembered where we would sit, what we would drink and cleared the table clutter as soon as we had taken the last bite.There was so much good about this Hotel that it deserves to stay ranked at No1 for a very long time. I can honestly say that there is not one single thing about our seven night stay that I could criticise them for. They were all fabulous.I guess the key is that they have discovered how to offer 5 star service without all the over bearing stuffyness. The Hotel feels informal yet cool and chic. The cost is by no means cheap but after knocking off the money that one saves from beautiful breakfasts and free food and drink this makes it a rather good rate for what you get in return in my opinion.Take our advice and stop in a suite in this hotel. Do not stop anywhere else. Take the aerobus 3.50euros from the airport to Rambla and you are then just an easy five minute walk from the best hotel in Barcelona. Actually this is the best Hotel we have ever stayed in and we have stayed in a few. From Sydney to New York to London you will not get better service than you will get at Casa Camper Barcelona!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leslieness
<Content>Home Away From Home How often do you go to a hotel and return home with ideas for how to make your own home as cozy as the hotel? Answer for me, never before, but Casa Camper did so many things right, I've already made some changes. They literally rethought everything about the hotel experience. Hate it when you lean up against a head board that a billion heads have leaned against before you? They designed their own bed that had cushions covered with fresh linens behind your pillows. Live in an apartment and keep dreaming that one day you'll have a yard with room for a hammock? They didn't wait. They installed a hammock in each and every day room. Always looking for a place to hang things in a hotel room or at home? Camper has a shaker style peg rack across an entire wall. Wish you had a chocolate on your pillow but trying to drop 10 extra pounds? Camper the Walking Society eases the sense of deprivation by putting a button on your pillow that says walking is for lovers that reminds you that chocolate isn't everything. But these are just some of the wonderful design ideas they've implimented, what really made the experience so special was the spirit of the staff who was always friendly and ever helpful in a way that felt authentic. Because of Casa Camper, our home away from home, my fiance and I had the impression that we weren't visiting Barcelona for a week, but truly living there. If you want to experience the essence of genuine hospitality in the heart of Barcelona, this is the place for you!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>desertguy
<Content>Great Hotel I booked this hotel based on other comments on this site. I was totally happy with the room, location, service and price. No need to find another Barcelona Hotel - This is it!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool Casa Camper We spent 4 of the happiest nights of our life at the Casa Camper Hotel. We loved the location, the amazing staff who gave us great tips and booked us into restaurants each night, the cool rooms, the super comfortable bed and the free mini bar and delicious breakfasts. It was such a pleasant experience that I would recommend it 100% to anyone who is after a modern, funky and friendly hotel in a great location. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Casa is for you! My husband and I just spent four days at the Casa Camper. Despite the jet lag, I wanted to write this while it's fresh in my mind. We absolutely loved the Casa Camper. The location was ideal - just a few blocks from Placa Catalunya - the primary hub for bus and train travel. However, do not take the train from the airport. The line is under construction, making the train changes with bags a real headache. Get on one of the blue Aerobuses, which is very inexpensive and drops you in the exact same place as the train. It's an easy walk to the hotel from there. The great thing about the Casa Camper was that it is two short blocks off La Rambla, so it was quiet yet close to everything. The room was a delight. Comfy king sized bed; great linens; super strong showerhead. My husband loved the electronic adjustable window shading device which controlled light and views to the vertical garden outside. (Too hard to describe - you just have to see it!) The breakfast/free self-serve snack area was a dream. After a long day of seeing the sites, you can grab a cold juice and head to the rooftop terrace. (They also sell beer and wine in the lobby, which makes for a great treat on the terrace as well.) Staff was extremely helpful and good with english. The public corridor splits your bedroom and living room (lounge), but we didn't spend any time in the lounge anyway. If you're up for a well designed, clean, new hotel, you can't go wrong at the Casa Camper.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>greatscot
<Content>Fabulous Just back from a stay at the Casa Camper. We booked on the strength of the other reviews and they are not exagerating how great this hotel is. There is a security entrance and on entering the hotel are greeted by the friendliest of staff who instantly make you feel welcome. The rooms are ultra modern and superbly clean. The little lounge across the corrider is compact and has its own tv and settee. There is a lovely terrace on the 6th floor, which has lovely views.The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk from las ramblas, in a great position just far enough away from the noice and bussle of this very busy tourist area.It is a very modern hotel, and maybe not suitable for someone looking for a tradition spanish hotel, but for cleanliness, service and location it cannot be beaten.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There is only one place to stay in Barcelona This is the third trip i have used tripadvisor to help pick my hotel. Each trip has been a roaring success. My advice would be that if you cannot get a room in Casa Camper, rebook your flights to a day you can get a room. Casa camper is run by the friendliest (and some of the prettiest) people in Spain. This is in stark contrast to the museum staffwho are generally curt and unhelpful (but not necessarily ugly). The hotel is spotlessly clean. You use your keycard to access the lobby. This safeguards a multitude of free snacks available 24hours a day. The central location allows you to drop shopping bags off, and recharge on salads, juice and redbull in the process. Alteratively take a trayful of food upto the 6th floor to relax on the terrace, or take it across the corridor from you room, where everyone has their own individual mini lounge for reading about Barcelona in the provided colour guidebook, lying in the hammock or lazing on the foldout sofa (which could accommodate a third sleeping person).Try the camper owned Foodballs cafe two doors down once you've emptied the kitchen of its delights. Your room has the perfect shower experience. There are trendy hotel slippers, flat screen TVs, a radio, safe and bizarrely a step ladder in the room. Only complaints are that the beds were twin, but were easily pushed together. It took me 2 days to work out the light switches and how to unplug the basin (little knob behind the tap!). I also read somewhere that the rooms have a CD player, so i brought some discs. This was the not the case, but i didn't have time to listen to them anyway. Holidaysnaps and hotel pics are available on my website via www.shoddyweasel.com  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't rate it more highly We decided to treat ourselves as we usually go low budget and we are so glad we did. The hotel is wonderful and everything said about the staff is true. The little details and the quirky design is what firstly appealed to us, but, the friendly staff, wonderful food and relaxed atmosphere were the icing on the cake. The location is fantastic, don't even consider getting a cab from the airport, hop on the bus and for 鈧?.75 it takes you directly to Place de Catalunya. From there, stroll down La Rambla and it is literally the 2nd right which is a little alleyway called Pla莽a dels 脌'ngels that is very safe. Keep going and you will end up on Carrer Elisabets which is where the hotel is. It takes about 5 minutes to walk from Place de Catalunya.Back to the hotel! The showers are heaven (a small but often overlooked part of hotels). We loved looking out to the garden of plants in the morning and it is completely private. We rarely used the room across the hall but it is nice. The only down side was that our beds were 2 single beds which we didn't realise and I'm not sure was there an option of a double. The terrace is lovely to relax on in the evenings with the sun shining down on you and you can bring snacks from the bar up which is great. The food was fantastic and all free and the soup was home made. The breakfast was delicious too. All in all we loved casa camper and we will return there without hesitation.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AAA Trip Advisor Member
<Content>As good as the reviews Just got back from a 4 day stay at the Casa Camper. We booked the hotel on the strength of the reviews on this site and were not disappointed. It has a superb location in a quiet street just off La Rambla. The staff are excellent. Nothing is too much trouble and if you are happy to do your own thing they are happy to let you. A major pluspoint for us is that it is a non-smoking hotel. In a country where it seems it is compulsary that you smoke this is truly superb.The rooms are different. We had a suite which comprised a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom and we found it very modern and very luxurious. A particularly nice touch is the free snacks. 24*7 you can get free tea, coffee, soup, soft drinks, fruit and snacks. This is particularly nice if you pop back to the hotel at points during the day.There is a terrace on the roof which is nice to just sit and chill. The view isn't the best but that's hardly the fault of the hotel. One particular nice touch was on checking out in the morning we asked about leaving our luggage as we had a late flight. This, as in most hotels, was no problem, however, they told us that on our return we could still help ourselves to the free snacks. This kind of customer service goes a long way to explaining why they are so highly rated. We would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FSA
<Content>I'm in love I can't add any more than the other reviewers. This is the best experience of staying in a hotel that I have ever had, and I've stayed in a fair old few, including a 5* in Barcelona on a previous trip. Everything is so well thought out, and all the details made our stay just perfect, the only problem was enjoying the hotel and the room as much as we did that we were in danger of never leaving the front door and exploring all that Barcelona has to offer! The 24 hour free cafe is fantastic, I wasn't expecting such variety and quailty of food - to the extent that we didn't explore the local tapas bars as much as we expected as we always seemed to be within easy reach of the hotel!If you want a bog standard corporate soulless hotel with the usual trappings such as a mini bar in the room and gym or swimmimg pool, then this probably won't be for you. If you want a 'quirky' ambiance, perfect location, excellent personal service with friendly, helpful staff, rooms that provide everything you could ever want including the most comfortable bed ever, then you will not do better than Casa Camper.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TomSleaford
<Content>Friendly, Relaxed, Foodie, but a little overpriced? I can confirm virtually all of the previous reviewers comments. We arrived tired after a difficult trip from the airport, trains are not operating normally from El Prat at the moment, and were welcomed with a friendly intro and the opportunity to grab free drinks. The rooms are as good as described, though if you are someone who likes fabrics and freebies, you will be disappointed. The roof terrace is very pleasant and gives a good view over some of the city. However, if you are seeking an escape from the piped music, it is louder here than in the lobby.Some reviewers have underplayed the snacks, in my opinion. If you like organic juices, salads, sandwiches and home made soup, this is your kind of place. The only drawback to this is that they are so good we were tempted to eat in on a couple of nights and did not sample what the city had to offer. My tip would be the organic mandarin juice and the Vichy Catalan - possibly an acquired taste.Staff are young, pleasant and mulit-lingual. My wife tells me the young men must have been selected for looks as well as ability but I don't feel fully qualified to judge. At any rate all staff will take time to discuss your stay and give you excellent advice.I only have 2 quibbles. Firstly we couldn't get our air conditioning to work on the first night and neither could the hotel staff. (You can open a window but those skaters don't let up until the early hours of the morning.) Secondly, it was slightly expensive for a three star hotel - though we had a suite so you could stay more cheaply. That said , if you were staying with childern it would work out very well.My final point would be to agree with others that this is a little like staying in a friend's flat whilst they are away, in all the best ways. If you seeking a relaxing, friendly, centrally located hotel and don't mind paying a little more for it, than this is an ideal hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Baggie69
<Content>The little things         
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two for two with Trip Advisor My wife, daughter (16) and I stayed at Casa Camper from 06-10 April 2006 primarily due to the reviews posted on Trip Advisor. We couldn't have been more pleased. Some specifics:1. Service - We had an overnight flight from JFK to BCN and reserved the room for a day rate so we could sleep when we arrived. We had three people and the lounge was not made up as a bed. The staff did that immediately (within five minutes). That response is typical of the service you will receive. Gemma, at the front desk, was particularly helpful in getting us dinner rreservations and giving us maps. Quick point: mention La Rambla to the taxi driver at the airport if they don't know the location, as ours didn't.2. The Room - is very quiet, despite the location so close to La Rambla. It is also extremely functional. The wall has 27 hooks (I counted them) for hanging various objects. By the sink is a double-paned window that opens into a courtyard with six floors of large plants, which make it very pleasant when you use the sink. At night, a green industrial louver comes down and that makes the room very dark and excellent to sleep in. The shower is overhead, large and has plenty of hot water. I used the lounge to sleep in while the ladies had the bed. It worked out just fine. You can try the hammock in the lounge if you wish. Final point - check out the roof. The view is wonderful.3. Food - Breakfast was much better than most other hotels where we have stayed. Eggs are cooked to order. Fresh fruits are sliced thin. There are a variety of croissants and breads. The food area is used as a snack bar from 1100 on. This is a great idea. We used it for a late snack once and it worked out well.4.Location - For walking tours off La Rambla, it is terrific. It is also close to the tourist buses, which I would recommend. Finally, there are a good number of restaurants within walking distance. We ate at La Cariocoles and La Fonda, both on Carrer dels Escudellers. The latter prix fixe is a good bargain. Line up at 2015 for a table. El Pinafor was more formal. Get a reservation here. Sagardi, Carrer Argenteria near the Cathedral, has excellent tapas. 5.Trip Advisor - We found this hotel through Trip Advisor. It was an excellent choice. We found the previous reviews to be very helpful, and hope this one is helpful also. We are two for two with Trip Advisor (Paris - Hotel Saint Louis Bastille) and will continue to use this service.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and fabulous staff From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby, we were made to feel at home. We stayed in a king suite and the amenities were fabulous. The rain shower in bathroom is such a treat after a long day of exploring the city. The hotel is in a great location and is walking distance to all of the major points of interest in the city. This hotel is a great value for the money.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisJ
<Content>Happy Campers Stayed 06-10 April. Can only repeat what everyone else is saying about this fantastic hotel. Decor, location and breakfasts excellent. The staff are absolutely lovely and committed to the ethos. I unwittingly left my iPod in our room on check-out but when we collected our baggage it was handed back. I know two people who have done similar in English hotels and never seen their MP3 players again! An amazing hotel that perfectly complements an amazing city.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoezer
<Content>Best hotel ever My husband and I recently spent 4 nights at the Casa Camper. What a fantastic place! Great helpful staff, cool but comfortable decor, incredible location and delicious food and drink available 24 hours. We had a suite which was great as you do not have to go across the hall for your living room, it felt like living in your coolest friend's apartment and indeed it was hard to leave the hotel at times. We got a slightly reduced corporate rate through one of the major travel websites. Barcelona is an incredible city and this hotel is in the middle of it all, it is an easy walk from the airport bus so you do not need to take a taxi to or from the airport. We started our 2 week Spain trip here, and the only downside was that this hotel spoiled us for the rest of the trip since no other hotel could measure up. Can't wait to return to Barcelona and would not think of staying anywhere else!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! My husband and I stayed at the Casa Camper Hotel based on the rave reviews on tripadvisor. We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and had a fantastic time. The breakfast was incredible- fresh food, juice, omelets, a great way to start the morning. The snacks were all fresh and healthy. The rooms were always clean and tidy. The staff was incredibly helpful and had great recommendations on restaurants to visit, museums to see, day trips to go on (go to Sitges its incredible!). I cannot say enough great things about the hotel. Its worth every dollar!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bamboo401
<Content>Fantastic. Really. My husbands' folks live close to Barcelona, so we don't often stay in Barcelona proper, but with family coming over, we decided to go and live the city life for a few days. I've only ever stayed before at Hotel Colon in maybe 95 or 96 (old, old, but atmsospheric sundays on the balcony watching the dancing below).Plus this time we had a 20 month old toddler in tow. And wow. Casa Camper is just fantastic. We've stayed in hundreds of hotels (business travelling everywhere) but this place is unique. First the decor. Then the wonderful service. These guys can't bend further over backwards to make you feel more at home. You'll see the same people at reception checking over your rooms or restocking the cafeteria....there doesn't seem to be a rigid hierarchy so everyone feels responsible and boy, does that work !The rooms were just great. Loved the hammocks and the vertical garden. My one and only criticism of the hotel is that there wasn't quite enough light in the rooms at night. Maybe a few more funky spots ?Fantastic location. The cafeteria versus minibar is a brilliant concept (and if you've ever travelled with young kids, then all those yoghurts, juices, milks, snacks, fruit are a godsend when provided in the room rate of your hotel). Really couldn't find a fault on anything. We had a slight complication (our side!) on billing but they were clear and as helpful as could be and even sent docs by express to clarify (when we were already clear), without us even asking. Exceedingly honest. The eco benefits are all a boost, although if we didn't say it, you wouldn't know it. Can highly recommend renting a bike for a day to see more of the wonderful city. Couldn't recommend this hotel more. And it's been a long time since we've felt that way about a hotel. Just go and ENJOY !  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best service ever Possibly the NICEST staff of any hotel we've ever stayed at They couldn't have been more helpful, charming or friendly. Loved the hotel, the decor was lovely and modern, and we thought the idea of the 24 hour free cafe was superb. Location was wonderful and the price, very reasonable.I used other 'trip advisor' reviews to make the decision to stay here, and it was definitely worth it!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RazzTazz23
<Content>Amazing Hotel Amazing hotel. Easily the best in Barcelona i've stayed at.We stayed in a normal room for a few short days. The split room thing is a little wierd. We only used the small room a few times to watch tv.The hotel is perfectly located on a busy street in Raval off the Lambras. The hotel is beautiful in a simple artsy way and 100% clean. The staff is friendly, speaks perfect english, and was very helpful during our stay when one of the people traveling with us got their wallet stolen.The room was a great size. Bed was very very comfortable. The rain shower is amazing. Possibly the best shower i've had in a long time. The rooms are quiet.The food during the day is great - little sandwiches, water, sodas, etc. The breakfast is great as well. We had delcious omlettes and eggs every day.There is a free computer and printer in the lobby and wifi.Amazing hotel. I'd stay again in a second.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>georgemocha
<Content>Service unlike any other hotel I've stayed in I can only echo the other glowing reviews of the Casa Camper in this website. I stayed there for an all-to-brief visit, with a friend and our two 12-year-olds. Each family had a suite. Everything was terrific from the moment we arrived. The reception staff are genuinely sweet, personable, and most helpful. When we needed to call New York urgently, they just directed us to their phone at the reception desk. The food service is such a great idea that I'm surprised other hotels don't copy it. The food area is open 24/7 and is well stocked with all sorts of snacks, drinks, sandwiches, salads, and homemade soup, made fresh daily. Breakfast was great with the kitchen providing eggs if desired. By the second day, when we came down for breakfast our table for 4 was already set for us, with little personal touches remembered from our preferences of the day before. There are no additional charges for the food. The girls thought it was terrific that they could go down in their pajamas for chips etc. at midnight. The room was also terrific including the hammocks, excellent linens, reading lights above the bed, the bathroom, and the overall cleanliness (no grotty carpeting). I loved the system of hooks along the wall (very Shaker) to hang coats, pocketbooks, shopping bags - very effective to reduce the usual hotel room clutter.I can't rate this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location  We just got back from a 5 day stay at Casa Camper. Only a five minute walk off the bustling La Rambla, Casa Camper was a wonderful city getaway on a quiet side street. The staff was kind and helpful. The bedroom is roomy and the bathroom overlooks a garden courtyard. The room is VERY quiet and shutters keep the morning light out. The rain shower was perfect after a day of wandering the wonderful streets of Barcelona. The living room across the hall had a small balcony overlooking the street (more like an alley as there is not regular traffic) which was a picturesque vision of a Barcelona neighborhood. An elementary school is across the way and the University is nearby-- good people watching from the balcony at any time of day. Breakfast is a treat -- wonderful cafe amb llet and selection of meats, pastries, breads, yogurt, juices, and eggs. The 24 hour snack bar was great for a midday bite, or for a late night drink. If you want to go out for a quick bite, there were several cafes and tapas bars half a block down the street that did not feel too touristy. A computer in the lobby with free internet and printer was a helpful resource too.Overall, Casa Camper and the staff felt like it fit right into the neighborhood--young and hip without any pretense, and with a good sense of humor thrown in.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Patressse
<Content>Our Oasis Super slick hotel in central location. Relaxed staff but incredibly knowledgable and attentive. Great large clean rooms with superb shower. Contempory design throughout with a quirky Camper touch. Fresh and satisfying breakfast with a wholesome snack bar available all day. Would return without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beshe
<Content>best bargain in town We had a four day stay and the room rate included breakfast and lunch. No mere continental breakfast. My wife and I ordered eggs and omelettes, all made to order. Buffet lunch included a different freshly made soup everyday, together with fresh fruit and sandwiches to die for. This new hotel is centrally located off The Ramblas section of Barcelona and its new concept of having a living room across from your sleeping quarters will be a predictable hit. The general manager, which we understand comes from a five star hotel enviornment, has put together a team of front desk and kitchen personnel that will be envied by their competition for a long time. There wasn't one challenge that the front desk did not complete. Reservations, shopping recommendations, birthday celebrations, tour companies, etc., all handled with such a degree of competence and sincerity, it enhance our stay unbelievably.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gshore
<Content>We loved Casa Camper We followed the recommendations on these pages and spent four days in late December 2005 at Casa Camper. A December reviewer from Hertfordshire, UK describes the hotel well. We stayed in one of the rooms with the living room and bedroom separate. Having friends in Barcelona this gave us a place to visit without them being in our bedroom. I find myself describing this hotel more than any other I've stayed in - it's modern, it's quirky - it's great! The staff was so friendly and helpful - they found a tour to Montserrat that was perfect and all of the restaurant recommendations were a hit. We loved staying at Casa Camper.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another happy camper! Amen to the previous review - What a magical place!We would not usually stay in this price range hotel, but after reading many rave reviews decided to spoil ourselves for two nights. The hotel surpassed our expectations. Everything was perfect. Rooms. Service. Food. (The snack bar is fantastic for a light lunch or refreshing drink). On New Years Eve the staff even left us a parcel of grapes to eat at midnight, as per the Spanish custom. The only complain that I had is that the climate control was out of order, but being winter, this was not really a problem.On our final day we were very sad to leave for Banys Orientals, where we stayed for our remaining nights in Barcelona. The Casa Camper deserves a yearly pilgrimage. Enough said.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jardel33
<Content>A weekend at Camper We stayed for three days at Casa Camper, and we enjoyed it a lot.The rooms are very modern and you have a living room separated from the sleeping room, which is very unique and pleasant. The thing we liked most was the concept of a open bar 24-hour, where you can pick up as much healthy food and beverages as you want. The staff was quite nice and friendly. The hotel is placed quite near to the Ramblas, so it is very easy to go anywhere, and at the same time is very quite and calm. Definitly we will return to eat THE DELICIOUS Jamon sanduich again (mnham....)  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, fun stay The hotel is in a perfect location - a minute's walk from La Ramblas (the main street) and Placa De Catalunya (the main square) but tucked away in a side street away from noise. The hotel staff are very friendly; on our first day the daytime receptionist gave us a map which was invaluable to us during our stay and recommended places to eat and suggested areas to visit which was really helpful.We decided to opt for a suite rather than the standard room. The standard rooms have a bedroom and bathroom on one side of the corridor and another room comprising lounge with sofa bed, hammock, table and on the other side of the corridor. A weird concept. We didn't fancy the idea of crossing the corridor to get to our lounge, and probably wouldn't have used it so booked a suite which was all-in-one. The suite comprised a bathroom at one end with a rainfall shower (bliss) and a handheld shower attachment both inside the bath. Fixtures are modern (chrome by Brabantia) and decor relaxing; walls are blood-red, floors are charcoal slate and furnishings are stark white or red.From the bathroom you enter the bedroom, with a king-sized bed in the suite. There are sliding wooden doors between the bathroom and lounge which when closed you feel 'cocooned' in the windowless bedroom - all sense of time evaporates; there is no clock in the bedroom so it would be wise to take an alarm clock! There is a safe and digital radio in the bedroom - I'm not sure if this is unique to the suite or provided in standard rooms too.The lounge consists of a hammock (which I loved having an afternoon doze in!), flat-screen TV on which you can receive BBC World and CNN, double-sofa bed and table and chairs. There is air-conditioning and heating, however it seems to default to a particular temperature after a period of time, although is quick to warm up again. The lobby area houses a canteen area - the hotel says it doesn't believe in mini-bars so provides a self-service area where sandwiches, pastries, drinks, fruit, salads are provided free of charge to guests, which on first thought seems hugely generous...however on reflection the hotel is probably saving a fortune by not having to fund a hotel restaurant and staff. However it's a pleasant and quirky addition to the hotel...the food is basic and isn't anything to write home about, but serves well as fuel. There is a 'restaurant' next door owned by Camper called FoodBall. This is just odd. The seating is reminiscent of stadium bleachers and your chair is a wicker mat, and your food compressed into a ball. Hence the name. The 'restaurant' is a room covered with posters and graffiti. So unless you're anything but an ageing hippy or staunch eco-warrior type, I would suggest this is not the type of place you would want to spend your Saturday night in! However, we didn't try it and the 'ball' could well rise above it's surroundings. For women with long hair, I would suggest bringing your own hairdryer...there is one in the bathroom although it is so weak it would take hours to dry anything....although I must say this is not unique to Casa Camper and is the case in most hotels I've stayed in. The light in the bathroom is stark and unforgiving and with mirrors on both wals you get a 360 degree view of yourself which can be a shock!We decided the take the Metro to Sagradda Famille and it was really easy to use - the ticket machines display Engish instructions and a single journey cost 1.15 Euros. We found a few great restaurants while we were there and can recommend the following: For a basic, low-cost Spanish meal - try the restaurant on the right hand side of the road if you are walking from the hotel to La Ramblas - it has ham hanging in the window. I am veggie but the carnivores told me the meat was fab...for 4 of us the entire bill came to 39 Euros which included wine. El Pintor - tucked away off Place St. Jaume in the Barri Gotic (Gothic Quarter) - perfect for a romantic meal...expect a good meal, but not a cheap one. The best we ate at. My carnivore boyfriend was in heaven with the cured ham.Cerveceria Catalana - Tapas place on Calle de Mallorca - the hotel receptionist recommended this to us...it is always hugely busy...a real mad house but frequented by locals and the Tapas is fantastic. Overall, we would highly recommend Casa Camper to anyone wanting to experience a quirky and fun stay and if we were to go back to Barcelona would not hesitate in staying there again. It is not in the same league as the luxury hotels of Barcelona - do not expect sweeping staircases and chandeliers - it is a different concept to those hotels. The hotel's main benefit is probably its location - it is perfect.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paul_Crowhurst
<Content>A bit wacky, but an outstanding hotel!!               More photos  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EuroJustin
<Content>Superb!       The vertical garden  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JMcB2
<Content>Cool hotel, shame about the noise! We too had read the excellent reviews about this hotel and had a really good 3 day stay in October. Great breakfasts, excellent location, friendly staff, cool concept of having free cafeteria for snacks and drinks. The hotel reminded me of being in Ikea:modern, clean, bright, D.I.Y. but definitely not for the chintz-lovers.My main gripes with the hotel were the painstaking half an hour check in process plus the lack of sound-proofing, which meant noise levels were a bit excessive. (As floors are stone-covered, you can hear the person in the room above you walking around, having a shower, etc. and the noisy water recycling system they use.)  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ErwinFromBelgium
<Content>Top pick Plus:- great location- unique amenities (like the on-going free mini bar)- super friendly staff- smart interior design- overall philosophy (ecology etc.)Minus:- sound isolation is lackingConclusion:- ideal hotel for a week-end in Barcelona  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelinhope
<Content>close to perfection My wife and I stayed at Casa Camper for four nights in mid-October, on the basis of the rave reviews. It's everything that's been written about it. Absolutely perfect location; rooms spotlessly clean, bathroom in a different league from other hotels and beds totally comfortable. Staff beautiful and very helpful -they extended our check out time until late afternoon because we had a late night flight.However...not sure the separate sitting rooms work very well, particularly on the lower floors. They are rather gloomy because of the neighbouring building across the narrow, interesting (and almost traffic-free) street. Didn't feel comfortable in ours -despite the hammock! Higher up or a suite would probably be a better bet. Also with the dark red and black colour schemes it can feel a little claustrophobic. Maybe it was just the unusual weather - it rained for a lot of the time but you tended to lose touch with the outside world. The remedy would be to take regular trips to the 6th floor outdoor terrace which gave a tremendous view.But all in all as close to the perfect combination of style and service as is likely to be found. Just book a room above the second floor.......  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RoxxyGirl
<Content>Mi Casa Est Su Casa! I just got back from a 7 night stay in Barcelona and I absolutely loved this hotel. The reviews were right on! You can not beat the location- walking distance to La Rambla, Gothic Quarter, Catalunya square, El Born, as well as numerous shops and restaurants. The staff is very hospitable and warm, they all speak English and go out of their way to make you feel like you鈥檙e at home. The room was very stylish and hip (think the W Hotel meets Diesel) and the shower was heavenly- best water pressure! We had a kind sized bed that was very comfortable. We didn鈥檛 get the suite and wanted to upgrade half way through the week but after we looked at the room we realized it was no different than what we had. Our lounge area was on the other side of the corridor but we only really slept in the room so it didn鈥檛 matter. The food was surprisingly good- breakfast is included and served until 11am daily鈥攅verything was very fresh. Also included are snacks/salads/soft drinks and water throughout the day. Overall, I think this hotel was superb and I would recommend it to everyone. I would definitely stay there again. Check sites like expedia and orbitz for better rates, we got the room for about 40 Euros less than the hotel was offering.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>#1! i just got back from a 10-day trip to barcelona and stayed for 9 nights at casa camper. stayed in both a room with the mini-lounge and in a suite (got an upgrade a couple of days later at no extra charge). the chic minimalist decor succeeds (what the Standard in LA must have aimed to be but dismally failed). everything was immaculate--from the sheets to the in-house cafeteria. i totally love the row of hooks that lined the wall. and the rooms were large by european standards (even larger than most boutique hotel suites i've stayed in in the US). but enough about the rooms. what really sets the hotel apart is the staff and the service they provide. in most hotels, a cold, crisp manner is mistaken for professionalism and efficiency. at casa camper, professionalism is coupled with a genuinely friendly attitude and warmth. i had the unfortunate luck of having my wallet stolen during this trip, and upon learning this, the staff immediately assisted me in contacting the local credit card offices. i didn't even have to ask!the location is great. i love that it is within walking distance from all the different districts. its closeness to barrio chino gives it an unpretentious appeal.i would definitely stay here during my next visit to barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blondetraveller
<Content>Believe the hype! I really cannot add much to what has been said apart from to say that everything I read on the previous reviews was true!The hotel is funky, modern, cosy and comfortable, and the friendly staff really make it. The location is spot on - quiet but so close to Las Ramblas etc.I would definitely visit again, and would recommend it to anyone (but especially couples, although I saw some singles and families of all ages there too).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jp3Atlanta
<Content>fantastic Great hotel. If you have the $$$$ this is the hotel to enjoy if you plan to go to Barcelona. I was blown away by the service, cleanliness and just how unique this hotel is compared to others in Barcelona. Quiet at night, but in a great location near La Rambla. Staff could not be more helpful. Only problem was that many taxi drivers were unaware of the location of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a cool hotel!! We just returned from an amazing stay at the Casa Camper. I have to admit I researched and double researched every hotel in the Barcelona area and time and time again this hotel just seemed to stand out from the rest. Everything about this hotel makes your trip even more enjoyable (Especially the shower!!).There's not much more I can add to the other reviews because they all tell the many extras this hotel has to offer. We opted for a suite and I would definitely recommend it. It is so convenient to have a lounge area connected right to the bedroom but still separated by a sliding wood door, if needed. It does not get more convenient than to be able to grab a snack or beverage on your way out to tour the city. The location of this hotel is great, just steps from Las Ramblas and a short walking distance to many of the city's other attractions (Gothic Quarter, Port area etc.) We were lucky enough to stay there during Le Mercer (a holy day(s) full of many festivities) and easily walked to many of the concerts, parades and activities happening all over the city.If you are looking for a chic but comfortable hotel with an extremely helpful staff and all the extras for a decent price, Casa Camper is the way to go!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yyzron
<Content>Welcome to Coolsville, population... us :) We stayed at the Camper for a few nights before our cruise. There's not much I can add to the latest review aside from saying that they're dead on.Decor is fantastic, immediately had visions of renovating my bathroom at home after seeing the shower. The one thing I can say about both Barcelona hotels we stayed at is Fantastic water pressure!!! The absolute most satisfying thing about this hotel was the pricing structure. Yes, it is pricey, but the snack area, morning breakfasts and internet access is all included so you pay once and that's it.Only thing to add is FYI, the hotel is a very short walk from P. Cataluyna, so feel confident to take the airport bus to Cataluyna and walk to the hotel. (provided you have rollers on your suit case... like a 5min walk)  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rodcar
<Content>Great Style, Service  Found this Hotel to be first class. The staff were helpful, curtious  friendly. The Suite was 5 star  the location was ideal for the Ramblas, but just set back enough from the hub of the City so as not a sound was heard through-out the night.The hammock was a quirky bit of fun  we loved the  Lover's Don't Run badges on the pillows when we arrived, even if we didn't quite fully understand it!The 24hr mini bar was another winning formula that helps make this hoter stand out above any other hotel I've stayed in.If you are going to Barca  your budget allows it you have to try Casa Camper.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sparklerhino
<Content>Fantastically cool hotel Found this hotel through TripAdvisor: read the other reviews  beleive them. Stayed for 4 nights at the beginning of September at this cool trendy hotel  loved it. The design  styling of the hotel is fatastic, very urban  beautifully done. The tentenpie is a nice touch,  means you can just snack when you want to. The beds are large  comfortable,  the showers are fantastic. I'd be tempted to go for a suite next time, just to avoid crossing the corridor to the lounge, although, the corridor is not exacly a problem!The staff are soooo good. They were all, without exception, beautiful to behold, trendy, and genuinely helpful, friendly  accommodating - none of that detached disinterest I have experienced in hotels all over the world!The hotel is in an interesting area, may be slightly too 'developing' for some people, as it's very much a still-up--coming area, but this wasn't a problem. There are some great restaurants in the vicinity too (although avoid 'Neen' (or Carmelitas, which was the alternative name) as my husband got food poisining there  spent the entire next day wiped out as a result.).This is a great hotel if you like urban cool. It you like glitz, then maybe not for you, but I would definintely use it again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel, the Staff, The Room, The Location - BRILLIANT! We stayed here for a week in our favourite city. It's quirky styling may not be to everyones taste but rooms are comfortable and the suites are spacious (and the upgrade is recommended). The location is fantastic - when you go to Barcelona stay in town - experience city life. The best thing about Camper is the staff. Yes of course they are young, beautiful and trendy but most importantly they are happy, helpful and friendly.We'll be back!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best Casa   showReview(3900126, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never felt better   showReview(3763179, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChrisSakhalin
<Content>Great place for a Barclelona city break   showReview(3760358, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Global highlight   showReview(3746721, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shame-us
<Content>Faultless hotel   showReview(3707929, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mel Russell
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great venue, great concept!   showReview(3639381, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Service Experience   showReview(3545565, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa Camper Chic   showReview(3505881, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redsquirrel
<Content>Loved Casa Camper   showReview(3257334, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelCriticDK
<Content>A perfect city hotel   showReview(3241022, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GREGZEN-PARIS
<Content>Un h么tel hors du commun, pratique et calme   showReview(20335998, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>floreta00
<Content>Hotel con personalidad   showReview(18063850, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>antiox
<Content>Me encant贸. Dise帽o relajado.   showReview(17064169, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Larissa21
<Content>Ein au脽ergew枚hnlicher Aufenthalt!   showReview(16159555, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCNLover
<Content>Fantastico.   showReview(14359837, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JavierCR
<Content>Hotel diferente   showReview(8267837, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bttwil
<Content>Tolles Hotel       Schlafzimmer mit Ausblick auf den Innenhof  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

