<Author>feminaformosa
<Content>Convenient, but somewhat lacking The Westin St. Francis has a location that is hard to beat- right on Union Square. You are close to a lot of restaurants and to BART. We were there for a conference, so we had a really cheap conference rate, BUT we were in one of the really tiny rooms in the old part of the hotel. Since we were paying so little, I don't think that we can really complain, but space was tight for 2 people. If you can afford a nicer room, either here or at another hotel, I would go for it. That said, I felt that our experience was not nearly as good as our experiences in other Westin hotels. We had a major problem with room service breakfast the first day. My husband had to get out early to make a meeting, and we put the door hanger order on the door the night before, only to have breakfast delivered 45 minutes late. I called after 15 minutes, as he was really on a tight schedule, and they said it will be there in 10 minutes, but it came 30 minutes later instead. As a result, he didn't really have time to eat much of it before he left. This was not the end of the world this particular trip, but there have been times when this would have been a serious problem. In addition, the eggs were barely, barely cooked, and everything was cold when it arrived. That was pretty underwhelming. The walls were super thin- we were woken up by our neighbor's TV every morning, which also wasn't that great. Our neighbor didn't seem to be making an unusual amount of noise, but we could hear it all. I used the gym while I was there. It was $12/day, which I thought was a pretty bad deal. I guess our room was so cheap that it all evened out, but honestly, I would expect free access to a fitness center in a major hotel like this, unless the fitness center was part of a bigger, luxe sports club, which this one wasn't. It was just a regular hotel fitness center. I couldn't really do weights because there weren't enough to go around, just one set of dumbbells, and the ones I wanted were in use. There were about 5 or 6 treadmills, a couple of stairmasters, and maybe 4 elliptical machines. There were also weight machines; I guess people are supposed to use these instead of dumbbells? The equipment itself was fine, but space was cramped (like everything else in the hotel). You did get a free bottle of water, but I didn't know that, so I brought my own. All in all, if you don't mind the small room (which I absolutely would not do with more than 2 people, so if you have kids, forget it) for a good price (our conference rate was so good that I bet even the regular rate is a good deal for Union Square), and want to be in the middle of it all, I guess I would stay here, but if/when we return to SF, we will probably pick a different hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	4	1	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>CrazyFoodieGuy
<Content>Grand Hotel  After walking around SF for 5 days and comparing the various neighbourhoods  large/small hotels, the Westin St. Francis is without a doubt the best location and defnly the most iconic hotel. We got a Deluxe Tower Room, which was large and well furnished.....gotta love the Heavenly Beds!Only complaint though is the bathroom. When I stay at a hotel, I don't think it's too much to ask for an absolutely spotless bathroom? We noticed a lot of hair on the bathroom floor and the shower and counter were quite old  a bit moldy. I guess that's what you get for a room in a more classic style hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>frequenttraveler9724
<Content>great location in the heart of SF My extended family and I recently stayed at the Westin St. Frances and would highly recommend the hotel. Right on Union Square, we were able walk to most of the sights around town, and it was also very convenient to all of the wonderful department stores and boutiques that surround Union Square.  We stayed in the newer tower, which I would highly suggest. One of our party originally was in the historic tower, and described it as a dungeon. The new tower is modern and clean, although there is a wind tunnel near the elevators.  There is a coffee bar in the lobby, which is great, but most mornings (after coffe in the lobby) we went to either Sears (up Powell) or the Irish place on the side street (half the cost of Sears) next to the Daily Grill, which is also good. I heard, but didn't visit, Town'sEnd Bakery and Cafe (in Embarcadaro) was great for breakfast, but as I said, we couldn't squeeze it in.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Cape_Cod_Traveler32
<Content>Fabulous Except for the Staff I stayed in the New Tower section, which I was told from others is newer and bigger. My room was very clean, large, and comfortable. The beds were among the most comfortable I have ever slept in at a hotel. The bathroom was large with a shower tub combo and two shower heads. I have allergies and the air was cleaner than most hotels which made for nicer mornings. If you book in the tower ask for a room on one of the higher floors. I stayed on the 8th floor, which had a view of other hotel rooms across the top of a rooftop. The higher floors had a fabulous view of the city.The service was awful. The concierge dept. was the worst of any hotel where I have stayed. They don't answer their phones, so you need to go all the way down to the lobby to ask a question. They carry on personal phone conversations while you are waiting for them to acknowledge you. They provide incorrect information (outdated and incorrect phone numbers), and will not book reservations; when I asked them to, they said that I needed to go back up to my room and book them myself (which using the hotel phone costs at least $2/call to begin). When I asked if there was any live entertainment nearby on a Saturday night, they said; not really, there is an Irish bar around the corner, but that's about it. This was my 9th trip to San Francisco and I could have named a dozen places to go, but I always ask for suggestions, to see there is someplace new, or that I haven't been. We ended up going across the street to the Starlight Room and danced to a live band and then for last call went right next door to the Golden Nugget where there is always an entertaining band playing 7 nights a week.I tried to book an airport shuttle at night, for the next morning, and the person at the reception desk said that they couldn't do that at night and I would need to speak to the concierge in the morning, who of course didn't answer the phone when I tried calling down in the morning. The year before I stayed two doors down at the Villa Florence and the fabulous staff there, not only took my reservation for the next morning at 2 AM, but they allowed me to prepay and provided me with a reduced rate voucher.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>lotsofbites
<Content>It was OK Stayed at the Westin St. Francis for work purposes. The hotel was OK; however, I stayed in the section where the larger rooms are located. I would actually give the hotel a slightly higher rating (3.5 dots if I could). Some of my colleagues that stayed in the rooms at the main bank of elevators, and they said their rooms were like closets and not nice at all. The larger room section was nice. Nice bedding, room, internet service, etc. I got room service twice and thought the food was just OK, one night the food was about an hour late. The hotel has a great location to nearby restaurants, shopping, etc. It's also only 5 blocks from Chinatown. I didn't feel completely safe walking around at night because there were tons of aggressive homeless people everywhere, but if you're female and walking with others, it's just fine. I thought the hotel was OK.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>thegeekboy
<Content>Perfect Location       Another view of the room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soubea880
<Content>Perfect Location A friend and I stayed at the hotel for five nights this past summer. We were bumped up to a larger room at no extra cost and were delighted to find we were in the new wing. The beds were very comfortable and the room was great. It was clean and a good size. The bathroom was large and had plenty of space. You cannot beat the location, walking distanace to everything! The shopping in the area was incredible and the cable car stops infront of the hotel, so if you have a five day pass you can jump on wthout waiting in the line at the end of the street. Loved the hotel and the area. The staff were friendly and very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KingJohnUk
<Content>Felt like one of a million       Is this room really for two people??  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>serena7
<Content>Can't hide its age It's in a prime location right in Union Square, with an architecturally beautiful historic building and a professional staff. However, despite some updates, the hotel's age shows. My room was beautiful if you looked up--gleaming chandelier, decorative molding, heavy draperies, tastefully decorated walls. Unfortunately the carpet was shappy, worn, and buckled in places so that I bounced on the way to the bathroom; the room was tiny and I kept bumping into the heavy furniture. There was hardly any drawer space at all ( a night table and two tiny drawers in the closet), and the (nice flat screen) television was placed uncomfortably to the left of the bed. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a reasonable size though drafty. The hallways were large with old, shabby carpeting, and the lovely open marble staircase at the end of the hallway was littered with wrappers. One can defintely appreciate the old glorious past of this hotel but the age can't help but show through.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>dennipar
<Content>Very Disappointed Internet serice in my room was not operational for two days. Room service breakfast took 45 minutes to arrive (promised in 20) with the wrong order. Bathroom was tiny. On the plus side, check in was smooth and the location is good except for the numerous homeless people situated around Union Square. Michael Mina is a great restaurant.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	2	1	

<Author>TwoBridges
<Content>A Regal Bearing My husband and I just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable week's stay at the Westin St. Francis. We commuted from the airport on the city's subway - the BART- and walked the easy 2 blocks up from the Powell Street station. Our approach was nothing short of breathtaking as the merriment on Union Square, with its ice-skating rink and enromous Christmas tree lay before our eyes. I told my husband - that's where we are staying. He said there? in amazement. The hotel with its regal bearing was much more than he expected. In all our 8 days, the only mishap was that we were first given a double bed instead of the queen-size we had booked. Once that was taken care of we enjoyed a comfortable room and a nice sized bathroom with a tub in which to soak one's weary limbs after many days of walking. You can't beat the location. Easy to get to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard Street, Castro, Haight-Ashbury. The hop-on, hop-off shuttles are right outside your door. The restaurant is acclaimed. When in New Orleans, I like a BB, but for San Fran, the Westin St. Francis does you proud!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>moovstr
<Content>Fantastic location! For us, this hotel was an excellent location. It was close to my husband's conference, next to shopping, walking distance to China town, and even a little further (but still walking distance) to North Beach  Fishermans' Wharf. The hotel was better than average but nothing spectacular. We were there for 8 nights, with a complimentary upgrade to the 28th floor in the Tower. Glass elevator was great! Views were fantastic. Cleaning was done daily, but not consistently (ie tea/toiletries sometimes replaced). Hotel is very large and very busy, it therefore lacked a more personal touch. Overall though, it was good.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Drylandsailor
<Content>Beware of bad security in this hotel I have stayed at the St Francis for over 25 years and it is truly a lovely property but this time it was different. My wife and I were staying on the 11th floor when an obviously crazed man knocked on my door at night and when I opened tried to force his way in. I wrestled him back out the door and as I pushed him out he spit into my face and ran off down the hall. I called security and reported this and about 20 minutes later they showed up and told me they had found him and escorted him from the hotel and if I wanted to I could report to the police but that he was gone.The next day I approached the manager ( I could hardly believe HE had NOT contacted me!!) and he offered that he thought their security was fine but he thought he could comp me for half of one days stay! I had not asked for anything but I was insulted by this and told him he could do whatever he thought appropriate.Given their location on Union Square and the large homeless population that roams this area this hotel CAN NOT GUARANTEE YOUR SECURITY given their existing setup.I am just thankful my wife did not answer the door as I would have been fighting this guy in my room. As it is I will have to be tested over the next months due to the spit.I always loved this hotel but can't stay there any longer.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>callehiedra
<Content>Location Location Location This is my second stay at this hotel. My husband and I decided to do some sight seeing before a wedding we attended in wine country. We stayed two nights. We stayed on an upper floor in the new tower. The rooms were fine but nothing spectacular except the view. You are really paying for location with this hotel. This is also a historic hotel, so please do not expect it to look like the Westin in Hollywood Florida. The bathrooms are small and not really up to heavenly bath standard. However we found the staff to be polite and helpful. The concierge was great. If you are new to the city then you will definitely want to start there. They will give you a map and tell you which cable car to hop on. The cable car by the way stops right outside the hotel. Do yourself a favor and catch it outside the hotel, not down the hill where there are tons of lines!Over all I really like this hotel for the location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>dcm60
<Content>Nothing Special! I reserved an upgraded double room in the tower upper floors. Upon check-in I was informed I'd been given a single room. Since I was traveling with two children this wouldn't work! I was then given a double on a lower floor with somewhat of a view. The carpets were stained, the drapes pulled loose at the top and the bathroom door completely missing a handle. The beds were great though!The lobby is beautiful but the rooms are mediocre at best. They have a children's welcome gift upon check-in but were out of older kids bags so we were given the toddler gifts that consisted of electrical outlet plug covers, a night light and a rubber duck. Not much use to a 9 and 10 year old!The location is great and the cable car stops right in front!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>FreedFamily
<Content>Wonderful around x-mas time! Our family stayed here around X-mas time and the hotel was beautiful! The staff was friendly...the rooms were clean...and beds were SUPER comfy! Parking is always an issue in SF, but OHH well! The parking staff were prompt and gave us some water for our trip home...very nice!Will def. stay again!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Mike75205
<Content>San Francisco treat My wife and I stayed at the St Francis 2 weekend nights. Our room was in the original portion of the hotel. We looked out on Union Square and all the activity going on there.When we drove up and were told We've been waiting for you it certainly set the right tone. Staff was very helpful as I was turning in a rent car close by, had to unload, check in and then take the car. The room was a little small, but not overcrowded. It was very clean, well appointed, very good tv, and has a safe. The bathroom shower was two headed, which I enjoyed, but my wife didn't, until I figured out how to shut off one of the heads.For convenience, helpful staff, well kept hotel, the St Francis is hard to beat.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1WorldTraveler007
<Content>Nice Hotel but unbelivably noisy, and A Parking Racket I stayed at The Westin St. Francis last weekend to celebrate my 1 year wedding anniversary. Normally when I stay in S.F. I stay over at the Hilton on O'Farrell, however considering the special occasion, I decided to upgrade just a bit. BAD DECISION! First let me say that the hotel is AMAZING. The exterior looks like an old 1920's Chicago style hotel. The restaurant, Michael Mina, is a Michelin Star rated restaurant, the bar atmosphere is phenomenal, and the lobby was buzzing with life. Our room was pretty nice. It had a flat panel, heavy blackout drapes and a decent enough bathroom. Unfortunately the walls were PAPER THIN. The both nights we stayed at the hotel, we were startled out of a deep sleep at around 3am by what seemed to be club goers returning from Ruby Skye around the corner. The people yelling and screaming was absolutely ridiculous. It keep me up most of the night. Another MAJOR issue I had with the hotel was their parking situation. I rented a car, because I wanted the flexibility of getting around the city. Unfortunately, this folly cost me an extra $100. The hotel charges $49/night for guest parking which is the same price they charge non-guests. Not to mention everytime we wanted to leave, we were forced to wait over 15 min for our car to be returned from the valet only garage. What made matters even worse was the tip fishing by the valets. I don't mind slipping folks a tip that give great service, however don't overdue the clearing of the throat and the hand gestures.All in all, I will probably never stay at the Westin St. Francis unless it is in a suite in the new tower. However the $49/night will likely keep me at the Hilton from now on which is only 2 blocks west of the St. Francis.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>yowzatx
<Content>Friendly Staff, Large Rooms in the New Tower After staying several times in the Westin Market Street, I was a bit apprehensive at booking the St. Francis, as I tend to like the more modern feel of the other San Francisco Westin hotel. The location is, of course, excellent. I expected the lobby to be larger and a bit more grand, but it is definitely beautiful.I can't say enough about the check-in staff. From my initial check-in, to requests for a late check-out, every person I dealt with was very friendly and helpful - I was never made to feel like a second-class guest since I booked a discounted room online. The concierge was also very helpful in tracking down some touristy information.I stayed in the new addition, and after requesting a room with a view, was very happy getting a nice, large room. I wouldn't pay full price to stay here, but if you can get a reasonable rate it is definitely worth the experience to stay in a classic hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gemma'smum
<Content>Tower rooms are a big improvement - Great Location! We hadn't stayed in the St. Francis for many years. The renovation and the tower rooms are just wonderful. Service was great and it is one of the best of the Westin properties. We wanted to slip in some shopping between other activities, and Union Square made this really easy. Plus it was pouring and being able to rush back and get out of the rain was really helpful. We had stayed in S.F. Le Meridien in the financial district/embarcadero last month and did notice that the St. Francis wasn't as well equipped or as spacious, but the location is what we needed this weekend. My only complaint about the St. Francis is the parking at $49 a night plus taxes is just ridiculous. Even the expensive hotels in S.F. are less. Guests should get a break on parking. I find I am reconsidering SPG hotels for the high charges for internet access parking which add considerably to costs. Many modern hotels have WIFI .  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TCP-GDI
<Content>Great location We stayed here for 2 nights on a weekend trip to San Francisco. We were in the older part of the hotel. The room was small but had a small closet to put our luggage in, so we didn't feel the room was cluttered. Although the room was one of the older ones, we felt it was above average (but not perfect). The room was missing a smoke detector, but when we rang maintenance, they had it fixed before we returned from dinner. All things considered, we did enjoy our stay in the hotel. Although the room was older, we liked its charm and high ceilings. The elevators were a bit slow but other than that, we didn't have any major complaints about the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Don't be fooled by the "glamour" and lobby photos- I just want a bed This hotel has to be the poster child for what the Westin brand has become. Mediocre, overpriced, convention hotels that work hard to make that check out bill as high as possible. If you have to stay here, for business, at least you're not paying for it. If you intend to stay here for pleasure, you can do much much better. There are about 50 different room types here which is where the problems start. We experienced four of them...and one didn't even have A BED in it. It was the living room of a suite, in which we were told we would be given rollaway beds. I have never encountered such nonsense in any hotel. They will do anything to make $$, including selling rooms that don't have beds in them. This happened after my friend and I were told we would have to sleep in one double bed -- we're both men and over 6' ft tall because there was nothing else available. First, what hotels these days only have one double bed in them and claim to have nothing else on reserve to solve these problems? And the best part: they really don't care. Just bring in the $$. We refused the rollaway beds and after, much arguing, ended up with a Murphy Bed, of all things. Again, beyond explanation. From the aged furnishings to plumbing problems, exorbitant food costs and poor ventilation system, 10 minute elevator waits and more, I hope Starwood sells this cash cow and then a committed hotel company with vision and passion can do something great with it.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IndyH
<Content>Made to feel unwelcome! hotel room itself was beautiful and very clean, however, this is probably the worst service we have ever experienced! After a 10 hour drive to get to the hotel we spent 45minutes trying to get into the hotels car park {following the hotels directions}. Once in the car park we were 鈥渨elcomed鈥?by the valet guys.When checking in to the hotel the guy on the front desk was very rude and more or less threw our passports and credit card back at us.Once in our room it took 45 minutes for our bags to arrive. This is when we realised we had made a horrible mistake in coming to this hotel! The bell boy was totally unpleasant and threw our bags on the floor taking no care with them at all. We believe in tipping for good service, therefore due to the bad service we were not tipping this guy! When he realised he was not getting a tip he refused to leave our room! When he eventually did leave he slammed the door shut! Within the next 5 minutes we received 2 prank phone calls to our room.We decided that after such a long trip we would order room service, the food was delivered promptly, but was not worth the money at all. When the food was delivered to our room I lifted the pen to sign the bill and the waiter who delivered the food turned to my husband and asked him if I was 鈥渁llowed鈥?to sign for the food! When we looked at the bill we were quite shocked at how much of a tip the hotel had allocated their staff!The following morning we needed to print our tickets to Alcatraz, my husband spent an hour trying to arrange this with the concierge (we had our lap top with us it should have been a 5 minute thing). We were told that they could not let us wait at reception for our 1 sheet of paper it would be delivered to our room  would cost $3!!! What a rip off!We found that any time we wanted to get out car from the very expensive car park we had to wait 20 minutes!The attitude of all the staff we met was awful, they made us feel totally unwelcome. An awful experience all round! We have stayed in Westin hotels many times in lots of different locations and this one was such a let down. When we left we were asked to fill out a customer satisfaction survey, I raised all the above points  provided our home address, home phone number, work number, mobile numbers and e-mail address asking for a manager to contact me but no one ever has. was great  very clean,  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>courtmac62
<Content>Great location  Location was excellent.This hotel is very grand at reception and ground level. However rooms in older part of hotel need updating. We stayed on the 10th floor but were accompanied by renovations taking place in a room on that floor from 7.30am on 2 mornings! Not acceptable and informed manager who was very apologetic etc. My warning with this hotel is don't make any calls from the phone in your room as you will be very upset when you view your bill on checking out.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Tatchull
<Content>Overall pretty good We stayed at the Westin for 5 nights in August and overall I was quite impressed. We loved the Michael Mina Cocktail Bar - Clock Bar,where the service was excellent and I saw one of the cast of Desperate Housewives!We didn't much rate the cafe area, the service was slow and the tea I ordered was practially room temperature - better off heading for Starbucks, there are plenty around!The room was quite small, but I suspect this is standard unless you pay for luxury, and it was adequate. The view was one of the other walls of the building, so gloomy, but we weren't there for the view really!We ate at the Cheesecake Factory at Macy's about 3 times, and loved it. The Cockatils there were great, and the food was excellent, although the wait time to get a table was a bit long on occasion.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>reuhl925
<Content>Great Location! We stayed here one night, but did not arrive until almost midnight! But this was a lovely hotel, fantastic location, wonderful shower and bed! Right across the street from Tiffany and Co (Whats not to love about that!)Would stay here again! No complaints!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NottheOCLC
<Content>convenient, but cookie cutter Drawn to the St. Francis by the killer Expedia price of $199 per night for a tower room (also on a higher floor with a view), we were by no means disappointed by our stay since expectations were not over the top. Upon arrival in our rental car we did however; add another $50 to our tab per night for parking at the hotel. We were expecting a big price tag for overnight parking having parked rental cars in the city in the past, but come on. We opted for a room in the new tower because friends who鈥檝e stayed in the older portion of the hotel said the rooms in that building were like cracker boxes. However our room was on the larger side, decently appointed and had an amazing view of the bay and city skyline. We never visit San Francisco to spend the weekend in our room, but the overall impression of the room was standard and cookie cutter. In my opinion that is sorta a Westin for you, but they are usually very clean (which this was) and have nice dining and guest lounges, which the St. Francis did as well. The real bonus of the St. Francis is the convenient location. Since it is right on Union Square, terrific shopping is literally right out your front door and you can hop a cab or cable car to hit other big tourist spots in the city. Point is if you are in the city to play tourist, then the St. Francis is a great home base. If I were to get another deal like the one we got for this stay, I would consider the St. Francis again; otherwise, I'd probably take my money elsewhere and find a more boutique/unique experience.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Batedog16
<Content>Great Location and Hotel This is a classic hotel in the heart of S.F. downtown shopping district. We stayed in the newer tower which I would recommend. It is well appointed and has newer furnishings than the older tower(stayed in that one last year). I love the heavenly bedding and shower...definitely adds to the value. There is a great bar and nightlife in the main lobby. Prices are high but that's the city. I would recommend parking yourself at the Union Square garage right in front of the St. Francis. It's only $31 a day rather than the hotels cost of $50 a day. I would also recommend using the metro to get around to other parts of the city...very inexpensive....$1.50So overall a great experience. Make sure you go to a Giants baseball game too....amazing stadium with a view :)  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jackcatscal
<Content>Good Hotel, Superb Location My wife and I stayed at the Westin Saint Francis for two nights this past weekend. We were quite satisfied. The hotel is old (in the historic sense) and charming. Our room was small, but just what we expected from a hotel of this vintage. (It reminded us of the rooms in the good old New York hotels.) Check-in was pleasant, and we were suprised that we had a choice of rooms even though we arrived two or three hours earlier then their announced check-in time. Housekeeping was very good, and the room was clean and comfortable. And the concierge had excellent restaurant recommendations for lunch and dinner. Perhaps the best feature of the hotel is the location--right on Union Square.A couple of suggestions. Ask for a room away from the front of the hotel. You won't get a view, but you also won't be kept awake by city noise. And, if you need a cab for dinner, be prepared to wait 15 or 20 minutes in a queue in front of the hotel. Everyone else will likely need a cab when you do.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mls1976
<Content>Tiny Room, Noisy plumbing kept me awake I stay in this hotel on business and had two extremely different experiences. The first was lovely - as an SPG member I was upgraded to a nice room in the new tower. The room was spacious and quiet. The second experience was less pleasant. My flight was delayed from the east coast and I arrived in SF after midnight which is 3 am my time. I just wanted to get to sleep. I was given a room in the older tower and the hallways had a very musty odor (not a big deal). When I got to the room, I opened the door and tripped on the bed. This was without a doubt the smallest room I have every seen. I live in a studio in Manhattan so I am used to small spaces but this was ridiculous. I couldn't even move around in the room and had to put my suitcase in the closet to open and unpack because there was no room to put it on the floor and open it without me having to jump over it get around. When my colleague came by the next morning to pick me up for breakfast he was stunned by how small the room was and exclaimed This is the tiniest, most horrible room ever!Believe it or not, the tiny room wasn't the worst part. Because it was 3:00am my time I was exhausted and couldn't wait to get some sleep. In the middle of the night I was woken up by what I thought was thunder but later came to realize was the sound of my next door neighbor flushing the toilet. Every time some one in a neighboring room went to the bathroom, turned on the sink or took a shower a booming noise went through my room so there is a plumbing issue there. I am going to San Francisco this weekend for business again and I am not staying in this hotel even though it is the most convenient to Union Square which is where I need to be. I just am not willing to take my chances and end up in a shoebox that makes my little apartment seem like a palace.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>seeksocean
<Content>Easy and Elegant My sister and I had a two night get-away and we couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. We were able to use 'points' and were even upgraded to a room on the 27th floor overlooking the city and the Golden Gate Bridge. The rooms were a decent size and it was really quiet. You can't beat it for location. There is nothing negative I have to say about it.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luischable
<Content>Shows its age even in the Tower Wing but quiet Friendly check in which was quick and easy. All staff we met were very helpful.Our Room was on the 20th floor and a decent size. It was in the newer Tower Wing. As with all Westin hotels rooms it had very comfortable beds. Bathrooms are in marble and were maybe the nicest part of the room. The room was cleaned extremely well. Only real fault was a reading light that was completely broken and although we mentioned it to the cleaning lady after 5 nights it still was broken and looked likely to fall at any moment.The floor was a Starwood Preferred Floor but not sure what was different. You still have to pay $10 a day for Internet!Have stayed at the Hyatt on Union Square and I found this hotel quieter. The view was decent though just a few floors higher it would have been much nicer. The corridors could definitely do with redecorating and look from a different decade. Seems a shame as the rooms themselves seem more up to date.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sbarrow
<Content>Just average for the price Stayed in San Francisco for a couple of nights and chose St Francis for the location which is the main attraction. Apart from a very comfortable bed, the room was average. Bathroom well below 5 star standard and bring your own toiletries as the hotel offering was mediocre.Breakfast was good, very fresh cooked options, great coffee.Staff were average. Concierge not much help  sorry we can't book Alcatraz for you......... no further offer of help.Next time I go, I will try somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LG321
<Content>I heart the St. Francis       View at night  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gregIllinois
<Content>Hotel Staff Were Very Helpful My wife and I were there August 27 for an attorney conference. The room was not ready at one pm so we went out the front door and used our 3 day transit pass to hop on the cablecar down to the Wharf for lunch. When we returned the room (at a special conference rate) was still not ready and the front desk was very busy. Yet the receptionist found us a half studio way up the tower at the same rate. We took the glass elevator up and stepped into a room with windows on 2 sides overlooking the City (though no Westin bed). We flew back down and said yes we love it. When I thanked the manager at the desk area she was glad we were happy and sent us a wine basket to welcome us. So for a big busy conference hotel we were much impressed.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>NeedATravelFix
<Content>My go-to hotel in San Francisco As a business traveler, the St. Francis is in a perfect location right in the heart of downtown San Francisco. The front desk staff was very helpful to me on this particular trip, as I had left an item in my room upon check-out, returned five minutes later, and they quickly helped me retrieve the item. I love the size of the rooms, along with the big-screen television (HD for more channels would certainly be a plus). For a high rise hotel, I very rarely had to wait more than 15-30 seconds for an elevator - and the hotel was nearly at capacity.Only a couple things prevent this hotel from being five stars in my book - first, the closet doors in my room had obvious nicks in them that almost seemed calling out to be fixed. Also, the toilet fixtures don't seem to match the luxury image of the hotel. On the plus side, the Heavenly Bed is great, along with the views from the high-story rooms.Whenever I'm in San Francisco, I would stay here, especially since the price is typically the lowest of the Starwood properties in downtown San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelbug12
<Content>Beautiful hotel, but some problems with the cleaning service I recently stayed at the Westin St. Francis for six nights using my Starwood points. The location of this hotel is great--easy walk to Nob Hill, Chinatown and of course Union Square. I was very pleased with the room, spacious and very clean and of course, the infamous Westin Heavenly Beds. The only thing that was troubling during the stay were some items were taken from my room. I noticed one thing immediately and reported it, and was reimbursed for the item, but after the cleaning service was in the room, it magically appeared again. On the way home I remember a gift that I had purchased for my daughter was also missing. I contacted the hotel twice and got absolutely no response about this. Luckily the items were not of significant value, but I wonder if anyone else who stayed at this hotel had a similar experience. I am surprised that a hotel of this caliber would not respond to even apologize about this. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and have never had an experience such as this in one of their hotels.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>SingaporeGirl
<Content>Great location, shabby hotel The location in Union Square is perfect--central, happening, terrific shops at your doorstep (for example Victoria's Secret off the main lobby and Chanel, Macy's and Max Mara a block away), but the rooms--and I stayed in three different rooms over a 5-day stay--were all shabby and each had problems (leaking pipes, non-working phones, bathtub and shower fixture handles that fell off when you turned the water on, tiles coming off the walls, etc.). I also found the lack of a standard hotel coffee shop a shortfall; sometimes you just want a salad or sandwich in the relative calm of your own hotel. It was fun staying there because of the immediate vicinity with its cool jazz bands on warm evenings and little wine bars and coffee shops around the corner, but next time I'll opt for the Ritz or one of the newer hotels.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>sosbh97
<Content>Always Great at the St. Francis This is the second time in 15 years my wife and I stayed at the St. Francis. Like 15 years ago, our stay was great. We stayed in the old part of the hotel in a recently remodeled room with a view of Union Square. The room was extra large and very comfortabe. The staff was very helpful. Great hotel, great location.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KKRhodes
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful! The St. Francis is a lovely, historic hotel in the heart of San Francisco. Our family stayed there for several nights in late August and were amazed with the staff, large and historic rooms and location of the hotel. While everyone could agree that this is an older hotel, I would say that is part of its charm! How often do you get to stay in a hotel that has so much history! I look forward to my next stay there and would recommend this hotel to anyone! Did I mention the location? Perfect!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lbhtd
<Content>St Francis Overall, I liked the West St Francis. Minor annoyances:The restroom was in need of updating.I returned to my room while it was being cleaned. I had my daughter who is a toddler and was in need of a nap. The maid snaps at me and says key please and proceeds to verify that it works.I requested a fridge and they supplied a terrific one but they kept it on cart-like thing. I was concerned it could be tipped over.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Texas003
<Content>A wonderful hotel with class My daughters and I stayed at the St. Francis last week. From the moment we arrived, the staff was helpful and courteous. We were upgraded for an extra fee in the older part of the hotel. We loved the atmosphere of the room and found it charming. The location of the hotel is the best and the staff was helpful with directions and cabs. We look forward to staying there again and being in an older hotel that still has pleasant service and class.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>r19sky
<Content>Good start to our honeymoon! This was the start of our 3 week honeymoon. We were very excited about going to San Francisco and this hotel location was perfect! when we arrived our first room was really quite poor but my husband explained it was our honeymoon and we were upgraded to a lovely large room with a view of Union Square - thank goodness because if i was staying in the other room for 5 days I was checking out!!!The hotels location is its really only plus. Its a very dark hotel with a poor bar area - more like a Waiting lounge than a bar and not at all what i like - the bar in nice hotels makes a hotel this did not! there is nothing better than returning from your day or evening and having a lovely drink and people watching- this was disappointing. The hotel is also too large and impersonal - too many people bustling about but to be expected of a big city. Otherwise, for seeing san francisco it was great - not far from anywhere if you wanted to return with your shopping etc.I absolutely loved the city, the people, the shopping, the sights and the food and we will be back!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>texanadeb
<Content>Loved the location I've always wanted to stay at the St. Francis due to the location right on Union Square as well as the history of the hotel. Our room 839 was in the historic part of the St. Francis and was a corner room looking north on Post. The room was lovely and very,very large (two double beds). I felt like I was staying in a lovely victorian mansion guest room with all the charm that goes with it. The beds were very comfortable and our room was very quiet. I feel that honor bars are something all hotels should do away with (who uses them?) and let guest keep water in the small refrigs. Who can't walk a block to the local market or Walgreens in this case and load up on snacks? The Food was good at the Oak Room the one night we ate in. For a great dinner experience at a reasonable San Fran price, walk 2 1/2 blks to John's Grill (63 Ellis St). Great Ceasar Salad and my sister loved the Halibut, the other diners' steaks looked great. This was my first time to visit San Francisco in August, I would recommend to avoid summer if possible, too crowded. Be sure to bring a coat and gloves, especially in the summer.Highlight of the trip...Mr. Toads tours. (www.mrtoadstours.com), worth every penny...try to get Kathy if possible. I have visited many times and even lived in the bay area 30+ yrs ago but I learned much and went places I didn't know about.Hoakiest...Blue and Gold cruise Escape from the Rock. If you are really interested in Alcatraz, take the offical cruise from Pier 33 ([--])  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stlmom30
<Content>Great stay at historic hotel! We stayed at the Westin in August of 08. We were given a room on the 10th floor of the old building at the front of the hotel (facing Union Square). We had a partial view of Saks, Tiffany and Co. and other stores on the sqaure. Check in was very quick and the bellboy who took our bags up was extremely informative and friendly. He turned the thermostat down for us, showed us how to use the menu guide on the tv, explained where everything in the hotel was and the how to get to the cable cars, etc. Concierge very knowledgeable. We passed by a wine bar a few blocks from the square on our first night, and when I couldn't remember where it was (or its name) the next day, he knew exactly where it was and whipped out a map with a marked route to get us there. The hotel staff in general are very helpful and polite. We were lucky in that we were given what I guess is a larger room with king bed. Room was probably 20X12. The room was painted in soothing shades of creams/tans with white woodwork, coved ceiling and lots of crown moulding, a crystal chandelier, and large flat screen tv. Bathroom was small, but in great condition and well appointed. My husband's a triathlete, so we visit the gym in every hotel we stay in. He was very impressed with the gym at the Westin. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for location and historical charm. It seems other reviews complain about things like room size, small bathrooms, outdated decor, etc. This hotel is for those that enjoy the charm of historical buildings. If you're looking for a huge master suite type bathroom and olympic sized pool, go somewhere else. Only downside was paying $14 a day for internet and $16 a day for the gym. However, I scored a $189 a night rate through expedia, so didn't feel like we were overcharged on our stay. Great experience at the Westin!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>beach47
<Content>Outdated  My brother's family  my family stayed in 2 rooms in the Tower building for 7 nights. We do a lot of traveling and have stayed in many different hotels (everything from a Comfort Inn to the Mandarin Orientals  the Penninsulas), and have never been as disappointed as we were with this hotel. We are definitely NOT picky people and ALWAYS try to give the benefit of the doubt to the hotel and their staff. I have NEVER given a hotel a one star rating  that itself tells a lot on my part. In addition, I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and our last three hotel stays have been in Westins. We arrived at the hotel (our time 2 am-SF 11 pm) after traveling for 5 hours with a 9 mo. old  another child. When we arrived at the hotel, not a single person asked if they could assist us with our luggage. They saw us, but didn't even bother to open the door as we were struggling with the baby and the luggage. After check-in (which went ok), we asked 3 different people (including front desk) for luggage assistance to our room. 20 minutes after checking in and STILL standing in the lobby, WE had to hunt the bellman down. We asked kindly if he could bring the luggage as quickly as possible, as we were extremely exhausted (esp. with the baby). He said it would be 10-15 minutes for him to deliver the luggage (which we had no problem with). After 30 minutes of waiting in our room, we called the front desk and complained that our luggage was not with us yet. The bellman came after another 10 minutes and proceeded to THROW our luggage into our room and tell us that we need to be more patient (this, after waiting 40 minutes for him to deliver the luggage)! He not only threw our luggage into the room, berated us for not being patient, but also slammed the door on the way out! By this time, it is after our 3 am! My sister-in-law called the manager and complained and they did give us breakfast the next morning, but it had already left a sour taste in our mouths. However, we still we willing to give the benefit of the doubt to the rest of the hotel  their staff.We found the hotel staff and the hotel itself to be very unaccomodating (with the exception of the Concierge-they were very helpful), cold, and unwelcoming. We did not feel any comfort coming back to the hotel at the end of the day and really didn't feel like we could enjoy the lobby or anything. Although it was spacious, the rooms itself were cold, outdated, very worn out, dim, and did not make you feel comfortable (and these were the tower rooms-can't imagine what the old part felt like). The environment made us not want to spend any time in the hotel or the room. On top of that, room service was not only VERY expensive, but there were absolutely no choices on the menu. Our first night there, our daughter was starving. Since we don't eat meat, there was NOTHING on the menu that we could order. Even the kids menu was closed-not even pizza! So she had to settle for cookies  milk! After that, we went out  got food (there are numerous choices right outside the hotel).This is a HORRIBLE, unwelcoming,  very old hotel and it needs some serious updating in every aspect of the hotel. Having paid approx. $300 a night (a piece for each of our rooms) for this hotel, we felt we had completely  utterly wasted our money. For us, the hotel experience is half the vacation, and this was a complete waste. This hotel DOES NOT live up to the Westin name. Don't stay here. My brother stayed at the Hyatt Embarcadero hotel and he said that was a palace compared to this dump. Better off going someplace else.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>roygbiv007
<Content>Just ok hotel in great location We stayed in a grand view room in the tower on the 25th floor. We had breathtaking views of the city and an exciting elevator ride everytime. You can't beat the location as it's close to all public transportation and the Powell Street cable car turnaround. You are paying for the location and the view. The rooms had been updated at some point, but really, they were just ok and nothing special. There were stains on the carpet. The Heavenly bed was not that comfortable. The room felt sparse.There is a big sign on the mini fridge - $25 cleaning fee for removing items to store personal items. So, like all the reviewers have stated before - don't even peek at the minifridge unless you want to buy something. They might have a sensor that charges you for looking! btw, there's a Walgreens close by where you can pick up cold drinks and snacks.Overall it was an adequate hotel stay, but that's all I can really say. It was just ok.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jesuisunfamilyman
<Content>Location, location, location.... The touristy part of San Francisco runs from Fisherman's Wharf where you can jump on a boat to visit Alcatraz all the way down to Union Square where all the major shops are. The Westin is based right on Union Square and is a short walk from the tram terminus, the shops, great restaurants, Chinatown etcThe staff were excellent and very friendly with the kids. Check in was swift and this is where the will you/won't you like this hotel lottery kicks in...the rooms. Some are great (ours was) and some are smaller then your bedroom closet. E mail ahead and get confirmation of a good spacious room on a higher floor (22nd floor and higher for the views) in the Tower block and you'll agree with all the positive reviews. Get given a broom cupboard and you'll agree with the negative reviews.Some tips for SF:1/ Book way in advance for the Alcatraz tours as they sell out quickly. Buy through alcatrazcruises as they run the boats and are the cheapest. Night time tour is good2/ Take a jumper/jacket even in the middle of Summer. It's cold out there in the bay3/ Ride the trams. $5.00 for a single journey. Take the old trams along the F route from Fishermans Wharf to see the non touristy parts of San Francisco 4/ If there's only 2 of you then wait at the traffic lights for the trams to stop and the driver may let you onboard. Queues at the start points can be lengthy5/ Don't get sucked in and eat at the breakfast restaurants recommended in the guidebooks. You will queue for an hour for the same breakfast as you can get at any place  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>his_hers_travelers
<Content>In the heart of SF lies a gem of a hotel!! A year after our engagement in SF, my fiance and I decided to return to SF...I guess you can say we left our hearts in SF.We decided to stay at the landmark Westin St. Francis and thank goodness we did. We had the Golden Gate Suite (I'm pretty sure that was the name) on the 31st Floor and had the most phenomenal views of SF...breath-taking in fact. The room had a marble entry with a mini-kitchen, a luxurious dining table, beautifully upholstered couches and their Heavenly bed in the bedroom. The suite came equipped with a Bose CD player. Although the prior year we stayed in a Ritz Carlton suite (and that was gorgeous), we preferred the decor of the Westin suite better. That and the views are beyond words.The hotel, itself, gets very crowded. Many tourists love coming into the hotel to ride the glass elevators to the top to get a view of SF. But overall, we knew what to expect with a bustling hotel, in the heart of SF. The hotel was very kind when we mentioned we were celebrating our engagement (a year later) and surprised us with chocolate covered strawberries. Needless to say, this was NOT our last time, nor will it be our last time in SF.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>iclee
<Content>Westin Horror       View from window of old tower  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	5	1	1	

<Author>blondemommy05
<Content>They could do a lot better...       HUGE closet!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>chgochris
<Content>Terrible.... Extremley Loud, Dirty, Hard time sleeping My stay was from July 27th through August 2nd of 2008. My stay at the Westin St.Francis was one of very mixed reviews. I will start with the good. The staff was incredible. Very polite, courteous and extremely professional. That goes from the front desk people all the way through to the cleaning and maintenance group. That was the good. Now the part you probably do not want to read about. The hotel nickel and dimed all of its guests. Pay to use the internet, a fee being accessed to your room every time you open the fridge and I could not believe it was $12.00 each time to use the Gym or $30 for the week. If that is what you can call it. If you want to do cardio on a treadmill or stepper they had it covered. Anyone wanting to do weight training was in trouble. The facility had 2 machines and some hand weights. Big problem if 2 people wanted to lift weights at the same time. Because they couldn't! There is not ample room to do so. As for the steam room that is advertised. What can I say. It doesn't work. There isn't steam in the steam room. It is sort of like a wet sauna. I never felt hot enough to work up the good sweat to clean out my pores. Enough about that. My biggest problem came with my room. It took 2 requests for someone to come up and clear my bath tub which drained very slowly. The bed was not very comfortable despite the cloud or heaven tag that was thrown on it and the noise that transferred from room-to-room and from the hallway was unbelievable. Half of my problem trying to sleep was from transferred noise that came from doors closing, toilets being flushed or showers being taken, conversations of other guest late at night and that damned ice machine. It was as though I was sleeping in a tent not a expensive posh hotel room. I felt there was very little privacy. If I can hear them I am sure they could hear me and my wife. Talk about killing romance. Finally and probably the biggest offense was the cleanliness of my room. Especially the bathroom. Let me explain. They have an infomercial running that states Smell that! That is clean air you are breathing. The Hotel takes great pride in the cleanliness of the air provided to its guests. My room was 723. The dust and hair hanging out of the vent in my bathroom horrified me and my wife. After 2 days at the hotel, I started to cough at night and sneeze. I thought I was getting a cold. Strangely it only happened at night. Then on Friday night I was taking a late night steamy hot shower to try to clear my lungs. I looked up at the vent above my shower. Right then I knew where all my problems were coming from. I also looked at the bathroom floor at the mold and dirt in the grout lines of our tiled floor. The room was clean looking at a quick glance but certainly not sanitized. Needless to say I did sleep at all that last night. Thinking about it made my condition worse.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	5	1	3	

<Author>Sleepless_Travelers
<Content>Not a 4 star but a 3.5 star Pros:- Location. It can't be beat. It's on Powell and Geary and close to almost everything you need in the city.Cons:- Rooms need some serious updating. The furniture is still from the 80s. I got upgraded to a deluxe room so the standard room was probably worse off. The only saving grace was that the room was spacious- Charged $12/day for use of fitness center. I expect this at perhaps a luxury resort but not at a Westin that is so much in need of renovation- Cleaning services could be more thorough/offer turndown service, etc.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGentlRose
<Content>Westin St. Francis -- Not a Great Westin Experience I was thrilled to be going on this trip to San Francisco with my husband as it was our first visit to the Bay area. I picked the Westin St. Francis because it looked rather nice and besides, with a Westin, how could you go wrong --- Not. We checked around 8:30 pm and Check in was the high point of our stay, it was swift and efficient. We were on the 29th Floor of the new tower and thought we would be spared the noise from a make shift music festival on the corner of Geary and Powell. No such luck. I had requested a refrigerator before we arrived because I knew we'd be checking in late, and was told by the Express Service Manager, that she had taken the liberty to arrange that service for me. I asked the front desk and was told that it would be there. It wasn't, and arrived only after I called 4 times. Finally at 11:30 pm, when I said, that I would like to go to sleep, they brought my refrigerator. They tell you that the cable car stops right at the door, what they don't tell you is that you won't get on the cable car unless you walk down to the turnaround on Market St, and only after you walk down Powell St., where every panhandler of San Francisco waits for a handout.We were supposed to have a city and bay view room. This was not the case, saw the city, but not the bay. Housekeeping in the hotel was okay, but there were days that my husband had to find the area where they threw out (or were supposed to) throw out the trash because ours wasn't picked up. I was taking a shower and went to turn the water off and the handle came off in my hand. This is hardly what you consider you'll be doing after paying $500 a night for this hotel.Twice the concierge gave me incorrect information on where to wait for a tour and then for the return shuttle to the airport.If you stay here, check your bill before you leave. I was there for 4 nights, and charged for 6 days of internet service (double charged on two of the days) as though they didn't make enough revenue on my room.Would I stay here again-- not in a million years and the management has heard from me via snail mail. This hotel does not live up to the standards of a Westin. They need to send the management to the Westin Moana Surfrider in Honolulu to learn the fine art of being a Westin property.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	5	3	2	

<Author>grayrockravens
<Content>Great location, nice hotel with a lot of history! Used my SPG points to get 2 free weekend nights in July 2008. Front desk offered to upgrade me to a junior suite but when I asked, she recommended I keep my original room because it was on the 29th floor corner in the New Tower, which meant I had 2 great panoramic views. The elevator ride up was a treat as it is attached to the outside facing Union Square. Some of the fellow riders seemed to find it a bit scary, but the view is magnificent once you get to the upper floors. The room was clean and spacious (by metropolitan hotel standards) with modern furniture and a 37 inch LCD tv. Their cable service offered HBO and a few other channels in HD. The room also included the Heavenly Bath and Heavenly pillowsets that are a staple of the Westin brand.Location was great as it's right in Union Square with plenty of shopping and lots of action right at our doorstep. During our stay, Union Sq hosted an art festival, the Indonesian culture festival, not to mention a Gay Rights march! For you sports fans, I saw Mark Grace and Kimbo Slice in the lobby and the Diamondbacks must have been staying there beause I frequently saw autograph seekers waiting outside. Both Chinatown and the SFMOMA are within 5-10 minute walking distance and plenty of restuarant options nearby. I found the concierge very helpful in guiding us with public transportation and recommending restaurants. My main beefs would be the cost of parking ($49/night) and internet service ($15/day). I suppose that's not outrageous for a city hotel but still tough to swallow nonetheless. Also, I didn't use the gym but they charge $12/day, free for SPG Platinum members. Overall, a nice upscale hotel with a lot of history. Definitely recommended.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rrob13
<Content>Great location, pleasant stay, nice room I stayed in the Westin St. Francis for three nights during the week of July 21-28, 2008. The room I stayed in was attractive and clean. It was not large, but it was not tiny, either. It might have felt cramped for more than two people, although I stayed by myself because I was traveling for business. The bathroom was fairly small but well-lit and clean, and the shower water pressure was good. The hotel is historic and showing its age a little bit, but it is still beautiful. I enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.The location is fantastic. It is right on Union Square, and there is plenty of vehicular and pedestrian traffic on Powell Street night and day. BART and MUNI lines are very close by, only about three blocks.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>wearytraveler082
<Content>An Historic Hotel The hotel is a grand place and quite beautiful. It is busy, busy, and set in the middle of a busy district-- but to see the City, the location is good. The room was quiet and adequate. The service was hit and miss. We had to request a bathrobe and that the burned out lightbulbs be replaced. The minibar continued to lock itself and we had to ask repeatedly for assistance (they can only unlock it technologically-- there is no key). The elevators are overused and clearly need some maintenance-- they worked sporadically. We were charged extra for internet connection and water, as well as $45/day for parking!! Overall fine, but the hotel is very old and needs some maintenance.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>AnthonyLAM
<Content>Terribly needs renovations ! It is really a shame that this hotel carries the Westin name. While I understand that it has a historic block/building - I really don't expect that histroic means complete run down. The size of the room is ok - actually quite big (especially when it does not have much furnitures apart from a king-bed and small table). But this is about the only positive thing I could say. The photos on their website (particular about the historic block) are complete joke. We have paid over $230 for a room and felt completely ripped off. VERY DISAPPOINTED ! My advice is to avoid until it has completely renovated all the rooms. It just ruined its name and it should stop renting out those terrible rooms !  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>nyctraveler300
<Content>Nice staff, tiny room The Westin is huge with different elevator banks and hallways - and the staff is wonderful and very friendly. The building is beautiful both outside and inside - there's a cafe and some shops available too. Location is central and on a pretty busy street with all the shops of Union Square right outside. The trolley is right across the street.My only complaint is the room. It was TINY. I live in NYC so I'm used to small rooms, but this is one small room! The coffee maker was in the closet. The entrance door opens right into the bed. You can't have the bathroom door open and the closet door open at the same time. The walls and doors were super thin. I heard everything next door - the TV, conversation, yawning - I heard everything in the hall too. The view was a brick wall. I think it was just my luck with the room assignment and thank goodness I traveled alone on this trip because this room was really meant for one person. I'd go back but I'd definitely make sure that I had a different room.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Nice Quick Stay I stayed at this hotel for one weekend night as I cashed in some Starwood points after a business trip to the city. The hotel itself is a grand hotel. The location is great if you want to be close to shops and restaurants. If you like old hotels where there are tens鈥?and at times close to a hundred people walking around in the lobby, this hotel is for you. The lobby is busy with people walking here and there鈥?congregating on the seats by the doors. The man who checked me into the hotel was quick and friendly. The room I received had a view of a sidestreet鈥?not something you wish for on a long stay, but I was only there one night. However, the room was very quiet. The room was large and the accommodations were nice. The bathroom is the one spot I encountered some problems. The space was very crowded considering the size of the bedroom. The sink must have measured eight inches by four inches. I can only imagine a woman trying to use that bathroom with all her makeup鈥?not good. However, the room was quiet and comfortable. I would not mind staying here again; I just would not go out of my way to stay at this hotel once more. I rated it above average as it has many positive attributes.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JasonBailey
<Content>Bed was heavinly but room and service was hellish... Let me first say that because I have traveled all over the world and stayed in every conceivable accommodation from hostels and pensiones to some of the best hotels that the world has to offer, that I feel well qualified to offer my thoughts on this hotel. I will also state that I tend to take many negative hotel and travel reviews with a grain of salt as I believe that my expectations aren't unreasonable. Upon arriving, I checked in and politely asked if it was possible to receive a complimentary room upgrade to a view room in their tower building. My request was met with a question that I have never been asked before when requesting an upgrade which was what is your reason for requesting an upgrade? I stated that I just always ask. I was told that the hotel was at 100% occupancy (which I'm skeptical about since this is downtown S.F. on a weekend, the economy is in the tank and the high number of rooms and hotels in S.F.). After checking with the manager, the person at reception said that it couldn鈥檛 be done since the hotel was full. Now, I know many of you are probably thinking, this guy didn鈥檛 get an upgrade and is upset so thus, is writing a negative review. I have no problems with not getting the upgrade; I just found that being asked why I was asking (as though if I had the right answer it would have been possible) seemed rather odd.The reception person noted that I have a child and attempted to locate one of the gifts that the St. Francis gives to children travelers. He was unable to locate said gift (after he offered it...it was unsolicited) and stated that housekeeping would find one and deliver it to the room. It never arrived. I could live with this in addition to not getting the upgrade but it gets better...Arrive at the room which is very, make that incredibly small. I had read the other reviews on here indicating this and what others say is true. Now, I totally get that this is S.F. and that many of the rooms are more European style making them much smaller than the average American room but had I not booked this room through Priceline (as I always do when booking rooms in S.F. or L.A.) and paid less than half of the Westin's advertised rate, I would have been VERY disappointed. Not only was the room tiny, it did not appear to be well maintained or very clean. I should note that I find it interesting that the person at reception stated that the hotel was at 100% occupancy yet I was able to get a room through Priceline (which works off of excess inventory) just days before our trip.Another issue that we had was that my wife phoned down to the front desk and requested a crib for our daughter. She was told that one would be sent up right away. After waiting for well over an hour and due to the fact that we were exhausted, we gave up and the three of us slept in the one bed. Overall, I just cannot give this property very high marks especially after having stayed at others within close range of the St. Francis such as the Nikko, Parc 55 and Grand Hyatt all of which in my opinion are better hotels. I鈥檝e stayed in the regular rooms at all of the properties and there is just no comparison in size and quality over the St. Francis.I must admit that I feel that for the first time that using Priceline perhaps was held against me however I certainly don鈥檛 feel bad or apologize for being a 鈥渟avvy鈥?traveler and one who likes get a good deal. One obvious question is that why would the check in person even check with the manager if we could upgrade if it weren鈥檛 possible? He seemed to waiver between 100% capacity and a possibility. That just seemed odd to me. I suppose my answer to the check in persons question would be that I travel a great deal and because of this, there is a very good chance that I/we may be back (although not to the St. Francis). In fact, S.F. is a city that we do frequent. I am also a person who because of the amount of traveling I do, is often asked for hotel recommendations. Lastly, I must admit that for the first time since using it, I feel as though booking through Priceline may have been held against me. I have no trouble paying full price for a room but as I鈥檝e said, I like to get a good deal when I know they鈥檙e out there. In fact, I have three rooms reserved at the Wynn in Las Vegas next week. I look forward to being at the Wynn and at a property that unlike the St. Francis truly sets the bar very high.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>LovemyAcura
<Content>Great location As you've previously read this is a great location with the trolley running right by the hotel, taxis lined up and ready for you, Union Square right in front.We had a nice corner room on the 25th floor with 180 degree views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Coit Tower, Union Square and the Bay. The glass elevators are wonderful providing great views on the way to and from your room and they are speedy. We had a great stay in San Francisco and enjoyed this location but there were few things not up to par.The Oak Room was just ok - actually the food was pretty good but the service was substandard. Most of the staff was cordial, friendly, and wanted to help in any way they could. However the expectation of a tip was obvious every time something was done for you.Our biggest complaint would be about the mini bar (refreshment center in the room). Each item you consume is charged a 20% service charge (tip) plus sales tax - this adds up! There was also a discrepancy in the amount we were charged and the amount of things we agreed that we consumed. Beware!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hello_from_Maryland
<Content>Very Much Enjoyed Our Stay I brought my family along for a 2-night business stay at the Westin St. Francis. We really enjoyed our time there. For me, a BIG part was my love of the historic architecture and knowing some of the history of the hotel before going there--it's one of the oldest buildings in San Francisco. The building really is a beauty and we stayed in the old part of the hotel. I have read that there is a bit of luck of the draw with these rooms. Our rooms had 2 double beds and was a nice size, although it had NO view to speak of (However the hotel is configured, our room looked across to someone else's room window--and they were getting changed right in front of it!). The room had a big closet, but no bureau for clothing, which I found odd. But our marble bath was immense (I've read other reviews where people got tiny baths.) The room was clean and updated, and I loved the baby blue paint and crown molding and crystal chandelier--the old-time elegance of the decoration was big for me. I always find the Westin bed comfortable. The cable car stops directly outside the hotel, which was convenient for my husband and 2 little kids who wanted to do typical sightseeing activities (ride the cable car, Fisherman's Wharf to Alcatraz, etc.) while I worked. I think the main floor layout is a little strange. Coming in off the front entrance, the common area there is a bit dark and dreary. The restaurant Michael Mina is there and construction is underway I think on a bar facing the restaurant. But the actual reception area is away from the street toward the back. The real lobby/reception area is bright and cheerful. I thought the staff was uniformly friendly and efficient (front desk, concierge, bar and breakfast restaurant). Overall, I just had 2 beefs about the hotel. First, our room adjoined another room and the walls were paper thin. The person's television on the other side was clear as a bell. But fortunately, they turned in early, so it didn't become a problem I had to deal with. This could be a big problem if you get unlucky in your neighbors. Second, I picked up a can of cookies from the minibar to read the ingredients and was charged instantly, though I put it back. i guess this is standard practice, but I find it annoying. They gave me no hassle about taking it off my bill on checkout, however. We did bring a rental car (and my husband took the kids to beautiful Muir Woods), but parking is a FORTUNE at the hotel garage--$50/night. You definitely don't need a car if you're not venturing outside the city. Otherwise, I got a corporate rate of about $220/night for the room. I think that's a great rate for this hotel, and not typical. If you are into soaking up the historic ambience, then I think you'll enjoy. If you decide not to stay, pop in and ride the glass Tower elevator to the top for a fun ride and good view.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>salswife
<Content>Nice Hotel but? We have just returned from a Canada and Alaska trip and stayed 3 nights in the Westin St. Francis Hotel. We stayed in the historical section, and had what was described as a run of the house room. The room itself was fine but our room was right next to the elevator shaft and we could hear the elevators going up and down all night long. If you do decide to stay at this hotel make sure you do not get a room that backs onto the elevator shaft, apart from this we could not fault the hotel at all, the staff were very friendly and efficient. I would definately recommend this hotel as it is central to everything e.g. shopping, the cable car stops right in front and takes you down to Fisherman's Wharf and all the attractions in that area. There are some great places to eat in the area around the hotel and we felt safe walking around at night.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Serialglobetrotter
<Content>Shopperholics Dream Located right in the centre of SF on Union Square within walking distance of Chinatown, top boutiques and restaurants. We were in the older tower (newer high rise behind it) and although the bedroom was spacious the bathroom was tiny and in need of refurbishment. The standard of cleaning left a lot to be desired and the main restaurant could not be booked at short notice for dinner because of the patronage of SF鈥檚 rich and wealthy. However, one thing one won鈥檛 do in SF is starve, as there are plenty of eateries close by. Hotel amenities included fitness and health spa plus business centre, however, other than the location there was really nothing to raise the hotel out of the average catagory.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>marcel dam
<Content>could have been better Not really the westin standard. Location is excellent the view from the sqaure side rooms is wonderfull. The room s were really smaal. the bar staff not friendly. The frontdeks and concierge were excellent but the other staff was not really nice. we stayed here in the busy season between christmas and new years.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>RobMcFad
<Content>Who's opinion is right? This hotel tends to get mixed reviews and I guess people ask the question, who's opinion is right? I think the answers is that they are probably all correct depending on how much you pay and what room you are assigned.I'd like to start by saying that if it's a good location you want then you couldn't do better. Not only is this Hotel on Union Square it is in fact the finest building on Union Square so you feel you really are staying in a true piece of American history. The lobby area is very traditional and has a real feel of turn of the century style without being dated (If you're looking for straight lines and minimalism or Ikea styling then look elsewhere).The luck of the draw comes with your room assignment as far as I can see. Myself and a friend both got rooms at the Westin St Francis, I upgraded to a traditional tower room and he got a standard in the old building. The room in the old building was tired and in real need of upgrading while I found the tower to be very comfortable and spacious. I think you'd have a right to feel let down if you paid full price and ended up with a standard room in the old building with a view of a wall.With regard to descriptions like 'heavenly bed' I must say I find these descriptions to generally be over the top but I must say that it is one very comfortable bed so I wouldn't argue too much about that. The room also had a nice large lcd tv with high definition channels and very good air conditioning which unlike many other hotels keeps your room at the same temperature throughout the day rather than you returning to the room and waiting an age for it to become comfortable again. The staff were also excellent and could not be faulted so I find it a little disappointing that whenever anyone has anything negative to say about the hotel on this web site the hotel representative seems to cut and paste a paragraph out of a hotel brochure as a reply rather than address the issue. I found the staff on the ground to be far more attentive than this.I would certainly recommend this hotel if you get the right room at the right price which I did so I'd like to thank the Westin st Francis for a very good stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emily9802
<Content>Reasonably nice, but not entirely up to Westin standards It's hard to be too critical given that our room rate (pay for two nights, get one free) worked out to about $105 a night for one of the small rooms in the older section of the hotel, but when they said without a view, they meant it. The window looked at a brick wall and the lack of morning light was really disconcerting. Internet access was a whopping $15/day, which seemed unreasonable given I can get free wireless at podunk hotels in Eastern WA (we travel for softball). The room decor was charming (blue walls, lots of crown moulding) and the huge LCD television actually had HD channels available, which was great. The bathrooms in the old section (built around the turn of the century, so it's understandable) were TINY - my husband and I couldn't brush our teeth at the same time. The location is excellent, just a few blocks from a BART station (only $5.35 from the airport, much cheaper than even the shared vans) and close to buses and the streetcar and the cable car runs in front of the hotel. The staff was very helpful, particularly when my husband got sick in the middle of the night. Overall I'd return, but not for the usual rates unless they merited a larger room with more light and free or cheaper internet, since we always rely on our laptop for excursion planning, flight check in, etc. One other helpful feature is that they will store your luggage if you have an evening flight, of which we took advantage and made our last day there a lot more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>cgr
<Content>Depends on your room I redeemed some points for a room here for 4 nights. It's in a great location, right on the trolley line on union square. Initial nights were in the tower. Tower rooms are small but adequate with nice views. Air conditioning in our room was very noisy, so when we complained, we were switched to the old building, and were given a corner room (reportedly the -06 and -34 rooms are the best) and loved it. Lots of room, lovely view over the square, high ceilings - really great. I had an unusually hard time activating the internet connection ($13/d). If I were to stay here again, I'd ask for the old building overlooking the square. However, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>jibichae
<Content>Satisfactory stay I stayed at the Westin for the Endo conference over a weekend after getting it through priceline. After reading some reviews here, I was a little nervous (people complaining about small beds, rooms, etc). I was relieved when I was given a room with kingsize bed. Did not have any good views since I was on the 4th floor and did not expect any perks since I was paying probably a third of what others were paying. It was a room right next to the elevator, but it was surprisingly quiet. The room was small but with a king-size bed, so I did not care. The decor is outdated (eighties salmon pink), but simple enough so it wasn't obnoxious. The flat screen tv was nice but for some reason, not all the channels were available and the menu option was not working. The mini fridge had snacks and minibar which were weighed so you were charged even if you lifted them up (which I thought was a little money-grubby). And yeah, there's an extra charge for internet and the use of the gym.One thing that bothered me despite my low expectations was that there was many strands of hair on the floor the first time I walked into the bathroom (obviously not mine). That was kinda gross.Overall, I am satisfied with the deal that I got through priceline, but seriously doubt I would stay there if I had to pay full price. My friends stayed at Parc 55, and the decor was nicer, they had kickass view, the gym was free and well-equipped, and it was half the price of Westin.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>phxtraveler75
<Content>Great stay at the St. Francis We spent the weekend at the Westin St. Francis. We arrived at the hotel via BART from SFO, it is only a short 3 block walk up Powell and if you are looking to save a little money riding BART is not a bad option. Once at the hotel there was a short check-in line, but there was an employee greeting people in the line and thanking them for their patience. Once thru the line we were quickly checked in and head up to our room on the 26th floor. It is definitely worth the little extra for a higher room because of the view, but mainly because of the glass elevator ride each time you go to and from the room. The room was a nice size and had a flat screen TV (with actual HD programming) and of course the heavenly bed was great. We used the concierge a couple of time and Glen was great giving suggestions for things to do and places to eat, and remembered our names the second day we saw him. However one of the other concierges was not as friendly and he acted as we were inconveniencing him with numerous questions. The location is great right on Union Square, close to shopping and adjacent to the cable car line. If you are spending multiple days get the MUNI 3-day pass it is only $18 and you can ride the cable cars, electric street cars and buses as much as you like during the 3 days and save some money, as it is $5 to ride one way on the cable car.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vegastrvlr80
<Content>Great Location! This hotel was clean and beautiful. The location is the best. Great shopping is literally outside of your door. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NCNanaToo
<Content>Loved it - Historic and perfectly located After a week touring Napa and Somona my husband and I topped off our trip with an overnight stay at the St. Francis. It was delightful from the minute we pulled into the parking garage till the minute we pulled out. We had booked a standard room in the old historic section (our choice) at the bargain rate of $159 per night. But upon check in we were upgraded to a corner room. It was small but beautifully furnished and well appointed. The bed was heavenly indeed. The staff was friendly and helpful. We loved stepping out the front door and getting right on the cable car. We would highly recommend it to anyone who is visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelman032
<Content>Great SF Hotel       The Hotel  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>zachris
<Content>Historic and Wonderful       St Francis by Night  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>martinsa
<Content>Grand old hotel in excellent location Perfect location on Union Square, lots of history built-in to the walls. Stayed in recently renovated room facing an inside courtyard which was nice but not exactly spacious. Very comfortable bed and ok entertainment system.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lorelie21
<Content>Beautiful hotel       The hotel  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>visceral_lizzie
<Content>OK but maybe needs a few tweaks! This hotel is huge!! But one of the worse things about it - the elevator. It goes so fast that it actually makes you feel sick and not only that, you can wait 10 mins or so for one to come and they are pretty small.We had 2 rooms and couldn't get one near to each other - one was on the 3rd floor but the other on the 8th and then they asked to move our 8th floor room because of carpetting work. They moved us to a smaller room which stunk of cigarettes!! The staff weren't particuarly friendly. Although I had an amazing pedicure in the spa. The location is ok - beware of homeless people all outside though. The decor is nice, although there seems to be a few things that need updating, paint pealing etc. Would have been nice to have A/C too. Overpriced breakfast.But I have to say the beds were amazing, so comfortable. It felt like heaven!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Emmy3
<Content>Perfect location!!! We stayed at this hotel over our honeymoon!! we couldnt ask for better!! The staff were so helpful!! They upgraded us to a wonderful room!! This hotel was in the perfect location!! everything was on our doorstep or a short walk away!! The bed was massive and so comfortable!! We had a view of union square and it was fanastic wakin up in the morning to the fog layin on the top of buildings and at night lit up!! it was beautiful!! would stay at this hotel again!!!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Samson34
<Content>Centrally located hotel with heritage It's a typical city hotel with 4-stars. the rooms must have been renovated recently. they all are quite spacious, have a marble bathroom, new furniture, the usual expensive internet access and a brand new entertainment system (about 100 high-definition on-demand movies to choose from). The food is not spectacular there are better value-price offerings in walking distance around the hotel. Their premium restaurant Michael Mina (named after the chef) supposed to be better, but according to the menue also in the upper price level. The hotel is located centrally right next to the union square right in the shopping district (Macy's, Nieman Marcus and a few more shopping malls and shopping streets are in walking distance). Also in walking distance is China Town and Fishermen's warf. Rates are 195 USD per kingsize double; this is the usual price range for a hotel of this class (all the others known chains were more expensive).  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Poetmotion
<Content>Love the hotel, but this stay was disappointing I travel to San Francisco two or three times a year, and one of my favorite destinations is the St. Francis. It's a wonderful location, right across the street from Union Square and just blocks from the city's Theater District.But my stay this past Memorial Day weekend was, overall, disappointing. First, the positives: the room was clean and the Heavenly Bed was as great as always! The lobby is lovely, and I love the way the hotel has leveraged its marvelous history by providing so many vintage pictures of its past glory days entertaining kings and presidents.The negatives, however, far outweighed the positives (at least on this visit):* Check-in was excruciatingly slow, even though we checked in at about 11 pm, with only one person in line in front of us. There were three people available to check guests in, but none was very efficient.* The coffee maker in our room was defective. When I called Service First to request a new one, the representative gave me the 5th degree on whether I'd properly operated the one in the room. We never did get a replacement, and decided to go to the Starbucks down the block instead.* There was paint peeling from the wall in the bathroom in about a 2 square foot area.* Even though I am a Starwood Gold Preferred Guest, we did not receive turndown service or a newspaper during our two nights at the St. Francis.* Our room had no hotel directory in the black portfolio provided in the room. Again, I contacted Service First to request one. It never came.I've stayed at the St. Francis five or six times in the past 5 years and--until now--have always had a very pleasant experience. I am hoping this past visit was an anomaly, not the beginning of a new trend.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>kcw732
<Content>can't beat the location on union square my wife and i just stayed here for an extended weekend getaway. i got a great deal on priceline ($125+tax per night over the memorial day weekend). overall, the hotel stay was nice. the rooms were small, but not unexpected for an old hotel such as the st. francis. the rooms were a bit different than your standard anonymous modern hotel rooms (think chandeliers, tall ceilings, decorative wall moldings). the beds were indeed comfy thanks to the westin heavenly beds. the dual shower heads were a welcome relief after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. the hotel staff seemed friendly enough. my only complaint regarding the room was the noise. thankfully our neighbors were not loud and obnoxious, but i could definitely hear them talking and coughing very clearly through the walls. you can't beat the location of the hotel. it's facing union square on the powell street side which means walking distance to shopping and the cable cars. tons of walgreens drug stores around for any last minute needs. also convenient to many muni-bus lines which can take you to some great neighborhoods where some of the better restaurants are. it's also walking distance to the farmer's market at the ferry terminal building (around a 20 min walk). overall, a great stay at a great price from priceline and wonderful location.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Perry1908
<Content>RIP OFF! If you want to get ripped off then stay here! $49 a day to park your car that must be valeted if parked there is outrageous! (not to mentiion tipping the valet). Internet access is $14 a day. Rooms are small, wall paper in the halls need to be upgraded, elavators are too small, and the walls in the room are too thin. It feels like your neighbors and people in the hallway are in the room with you at night. Save your money! Use the extra $49 a day to stay at a better hotel and the extra $14 dollars to shop or eat.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>IrishmenRsexy
<Content>Over priced parking My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night, and at first they put us in a tower room. We called down disappointed because the room was very business like and cold. They put us in the historic portion of the hotel, which was much prettier and had the charm we were looking for. It still didn't have the big bathtub that the lady on the phone boasted about as fitting more than 2 people in- LOL it was nothing but a standard tub. The next day when we went to check out, we were charged a whopping $63.00 for parking ONE NIGHT in their structure. This included an extra $7.50 charge for having an over sized vehicle (Ford F250 with 4 inch lift) I was infuriated at the blatant highway robbery! When the valet drove it up, he stood there like one of the homeless people (which are swarming that area anyway) with his hand out until we gave him a buck... so make that $64.00 for parking!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kpkfusion
<Content>Consistently Improving I have stayed at the Westin a number of times during 2007, and just had my first stay in 2008. My general sense was that there are some important improvements in service. I think that they do a great job in the spa. The hotel seems cleaner and the service that I received on this trip was really exceptional. The hotel let me do a late check out which really helped me out. I was trying to get down to Palo Alto and back and was able to do that by 1 pm. I just think that they have improved in many areas. My only note in this area (which is not hotel related) is that there are so many homeless who really need some help. That is true of this part of the City in general. It always creates a dilemma. You want to help out, but it is unclear what to do, but you can not walk a block without sometimes aggressively being approached. I wonder if the City could help out or if the businesses in the area could help them out. Tough issue and challenge.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmg74
<Content>Grand Dame The St. Francis is one of the oldest structures in San Francisco -- having survived the 1906 Earthquake and Fire. It has retained its old charm and elegance, while incorporating modern touches and the restaurant, Michael Mina. It's Union Square location is perfect for first-time or seasoned San Francisco visitors, and is close to everything. The service was impeccable, the rooms quite large and room service was the best I have ever had. Although a bit pricey, the St. Francis is a must for anyone visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>globetrotter2
<Content>Hotel  Loved this hotel and staff was fabulous (everyone) Location was great  would definitely stay here again. Had opportunity to speak to Director, who does a great job at this Westin. Everyone at this Westin does a great job  will definitely stay here on my next visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rainchild
<Content>Disappointed at the Westin       bathroom wall  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PrincessVic
<Content>Excellent Location       Big Comfy Bed  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisampls
<Content>2nd time at this hotel - once again a very nice experience My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin St. Francis last week for one night to chill out in the City before heading up to Napa.This time around we used Starwood points and stayed for free. You never quite know what you're going to get on a points room, but we were really happy with our room.We were on the 31st floor - and though we did not get a view of the bridge - we did have a view of the City, the hills and part of the Bay.The room was large with a four-poster bed, a chaise lounge, desk, armoire, flat panel TV, two large closets (in one is a fullsize ironing board and iron) and a HUGE marble bathroom. The vanity has two sinks (and a fullsize blowdryer) and in our bath we had a cabinet that housed the mini fridge inside and the coffee maker and snacks on the top.Remember to NOT remove any items from the fridge unless you intend to pay for them!!The bed was comfy - though I thought the Heavenly Bed would be a little more cushy/soft - my boyfriend liked that it wasn't. The bedding was nice with lots of pillows.I loved having the chaise lounge in the room! That was where I plunked down every chance I got! I think the only problem with the room is that we could never get it cool enough - which during the day is fine, but at night trying to sleep at 73 degrees is uncomfortable. Not sure if they had the thermostat rigged so it wouldn't go cooler - or if it was just because of the insane heat (94 degrees) and that we were on such a high floor.The concierge is very helpful, the front desk very friendly and the valets were super accomodating if we needed to keep the car close and just run up to the room for a second. Remember parking in the hotel will run you around $55 for two days.We had reservations for Michael Mina (in the hotel) for Thursday night, but decided we weren't hungry enough to fully appreciate it, so we went up one block to the Clift Hotel and had a bite at Asia de Cuba. What a fun space!! Connected to the restaurant is the Rosewood Room which was really beautiful. Great drinks and the food was really good!There are so many great choices for food within walking distance to the St. Francis! But if you are looking for an incredible dining experience, check out Michael Mina - but call ahead for reservations. I've eatten at the one in Vegas and I booked my dinner almost a month in advance. The food is excellent!A great stay at the Westin St, Francis and I would definitely recommend this to others!!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GaboCool
<Content>New Hotel with nice accomodations I've just stayerd at The Westin hotel in San Francisco wich has a terrible name since it's called Market street and it's located at Third street, but on the other hand it has an excellent location, just 1 block away from all main business and commercial area at downtown SF and at the corner with Four Seasons hotel... Nice experience, nice price and excellent accomodations, although the lounge service was awful...  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Foodwise
<Content>Westin St. Francis--Management has improved This was my second stay at the westin in under 2 years. Let me say that this trip was so much better than the last. Management went above and beyond to ensure that my stay was fantastic. I would encourage those who stay at the Westin and experience problems to contact the management as soon as possible to correct anything that goes wrong. It also seems that the hotel's customer service was superb this time around. I can truly say that this hotel is as fabulous as it's reputation, in a great location--transportation, fine restaurants, local in/expensive eateries, attractions, and shopping are all within 1-5 blocks of this hotel.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philosopher08
<Content>Big Fan of the Westin St. Francis I thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Westin in St. Francis in Union Square. As some of the other reviews stated, it's in an ideal location, with a cable car stop right on the corner, and then several more, located on Powell Street. The concierge was particularly helpful, recommending great restaurants, and the entire staff of the hotel was very friendly and accomodating.The rooms were very nice, decorated in a classic style reminiscent of your typical San Francisco architecture. Despite the fact that my view was less than desirable, in a fantastic city like San Fran, there are amazing views on every corner!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rickndeb425
<Content>Wonderfull!!!! We just got back from our stay at the Westin St Francis. My husband, myself and our 3 year old daughter had a great experience. We were a little leary to book this hotel because of the bad reviews that I read but I could not have been happier with the service. As soon as we arrived our daughter was treated like royalty. The front desk was very helpfull. The bellman were all so kind to us. Best of all when I booked our stay I put a note with our reservation that we were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary there and could we have a good view from our room. We got a great view  Champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and a huge chocolate cake on a plate with chocolate writing saying Happy 10th wedding anniversary. They went over and above by all means. We will definitly be back.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trapro
<Content>The very best location incredible value through Priceline The Hotel is at a fantastic location opposite Union Square both lively, convenient and safe. Much much much better than Fisherman's wharf . Great shopping close by with fanastic restaurants. Cable car and other muni transport close by. Hotel has a great lobby, ambience, very friendly and knowledgeable staff, especially the concierge that helped us book a City and Muirwoods tour. Some noise at night, but we did not mind that at all since were traveling as a couple without the kids. A fantastic deal for $99 plus taxes through Priceline. Rooms were small but we were very clean and confortable with the Flat screen TV and super comfortable queen bed. Starbucks coffee in the room. USA Today and Wall Street Journal (reception) in the morning. Twin shower heads in Marble bathroom. Westin could invest a little to do some minor painting and minor touch ups.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YoostonTX
<Content>nice hotel, overpriced I got a special rate for a conference at this hotel... really the rate was not all that special at $279/night. And I was disappointed to have to pay $12/day for the gym... a tiny, cramped, 2-room gym w/ old equip and only 3 elliptical machines. The hotel is beautiful in the lobby area and some of the larger conference rooms are very ornate. Don't get me wrong, it was a nice room, comfy bed and nice shower... I'm just glad my company was paying. For my money, I would have tried to find a better value. Although, I'm pretty sure that the rate has something to do with the Union Square location as well.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LolTM
<Content>Great - but beware if a smoker! So I spent five nights at the Westin back in February. We booked at a supposed reduced rate as we had a conference in the Moscone, but soon afterwards I heard that some people were getting their rooms for under $100 - ah well, not to worry.I also saw some split reviews for the St Francis which sort of worried us but we needn't have been concerned. The hotel is very big and whilst my room was quite small and overlooking a wall, I didn't go to SF to stay in my room so it wasn't a problem. The bed was comfy as all Westin's tend to be, and the shower was fine. I did have an issue where I couldn't turn off my tap (probably because I am a bit of a spanner), but it was quickly sorted.Staff were very friendly and helpful and you couldn't ask for a better location on Union Square!The only niggle I had and this is purely because I am a smoker, is that it was quite disconcerting smoking outside the building before the bell-hops got on duty as there was a tendency for every homeless person on Union Square to congregate around you. Those who fly in to SF from Europe will know all about the 'wake up at 4:00 syndrome' and smokers will recognise the need for a smoke when you wake up - just don't go outside before 06:30 (or try one of the other two entrances).All in all, a decent place in a good location with reasonable prices. Just don't take/hire a car - it was $50 a day or thereabouts to park!!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rockboy
<Content>not a good hotel.... I spent Tuesday night this week in the Westin St. Francis and it was absolutely the worst hotel stay I have had in years. Checking in was fine but they had no 'standard rooms' available so I was asked if I would upgrade and stay in a union square view room that had a murphy bed. I specifically asked when checking in if the murphy bed was of the same quality as the heavenly beds. I was assured it was.The room was ok (nice flat screen TV), but I had asked them to turn down the bed (ie: flip it down from the wall) while i was out at dinner. Arriving back later I ended up in a bed with a 10 cm thick mattress, springs that could be felt through the sheet and this WAS NOT a Heavenly Bed!!! It was absolutely brutal and just like a hide a bed on an old sofa bed. For 300 per night i was shocked.Then to top it all off the lady in the room next door started smoking at 5am, in a non smoking hotel. I eventually called at 645am and security came and stopped the nonsense. So with the bed being the most important thing i was looking for being completely disappointing, I would have checked out on that basis alone, the smoking was just too much. I will never stay in this hotel again and cannot believe just how bad it was. This hotel is OLD, needs a renovation desperately so wait until this hotel with a great location does that and then you can stay here.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MarkKim00
<Content>Historic and Good Location Great Historic hotel. Location is literally right on Union Square. Rooms are average to above average. Obviously the style of the hotel is more historic. Furnishings were nice. Bathrooms were good but small in my opinion. Beautiful lobby. There is a Michael Mina restaurant off the lobby area in the hotel which is excellent.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aprilgirl76
<Content>Elegant old hotel/great location The best location in downtown San Francisco. The lobby is beautiful as are the rooms with crown molding and very high ceilings. We saw three rooms while there and they are all very different. Some are very,very small. If you do not like your room, ask to change. They accommodated us and we ended up with a great corner room. Do not accept any room with a 24 as an ending, like 724 or 824. These rooms abut the elevator which begins running at 5:30 AM. Also stay away from the Oak Room for breakfast, It cost us $140 for 4. We could not believe the prices for such an ordinary breakfast. Instead grab a coffee or juice along with a yogurt or bagel in the lobby deli. It will get you started for the day without spending all your money you will need later to shop on the Square.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>imglop
<Content>I Need to Shrink To use the Sink! If this is a 4 star hotel then Motel 6 is a 5 star. Please DO NOT believe thier rateing system! The room was SO small that I could not open the door into the room WITHOUT hitting the bed. I had to CLIMB over that very same bed to get to the desk. And I won't even relay how I how to get to the bathroom.... If that what it was. It felt more like a prison latrine. Now I did book through price line and I thought I got a great price but BOY was I in for a shock. So I don't know who lies more The hotel, with it's dirty walls, chipping paint and CLUELESS staff. Or priceline. As for me I'm going back to Hyat.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>chazas
<Content>Just OK I just stayed at the Westin St. Francis for 5 nights - it was an award stay, 11,500 Starpoints/night for a Grand Deluxe room.It was just barely ok. The grand deluxe rooms are basically higher-floor rooms in the tower. Ours appeared to be one of the smaller ones, and one of the few that faced west over the city rather than east over the bay, with part of the view blocked by a concrete bay.The Westinized room renovation appeared several years old and was in pretty bad shape. The walls were dirty, and all of the dark wood furniture and trim had bad nicks and scratches. The furniture in the main lobby was even worse - the cushions on the couches basically had no padding left.Service was friendly enough, but the only thing we specifically asked for (paper every day, WSJ + local paper) they never got right.Good location, but there must be better choices in SF.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>mrsH3589
<Content>not bad for the price we paid We booked this hotel based on the price . WE got our room for $100.00 per night. Yes, it was a small room, only one bed but it was fine for us.The only down side was that the walls are not insulated well so we could hear everything in the room next door and in the hall.The location was great and we were able to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jim1UD
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed the Westin St. Francis Because my wife and I have stayed a little outside of downtown San Francisco in the past, we wanted to be right near Union Square this time. But I was a little leery of the Westin St. Francis because of some recent bad reviews on TripAdvisor. We love the location, so we took a chance and booked it for four nights. The end result: we had a wonderful experience. The room was clean, the staff very courteous, and the service was impeccable. I would go again tomorrow if I could.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jolanave
<Content>Rip Off The Westin St. Francis is a historic hotel in San Francisco. There are 2 towers, the older one and the newer building. I was first given a room on the 10th floor in the older tower. It was horrible, the room smelled of urine from the bathroom, there was a horrible view of concrete from the building in front of it, the bed looked slept in, and the paint was coming off the ceiling. I wish I could remember the room #. After I complained, I was given a room in the new building. It was much more modern and clean. It was on the 16th floor and that, sadly to say was one of the highlights of the hotel it self, riding up and down the elevator.  The concierge desk was not helpful at all. Very minimal advice, unpleasant, no personality, no smiles!  Lastly and most importantly, A major rip off!!! You have to PAY for everything. I was charged $35.00 for using the internet in the business center for 20 mins. 6.00 for 2 copies. 14.99 a day for internet in the room, 12.00 o use the spa! Absolutely ridiculous. Don't stay here it wasn't Orth it. You'd be better off in a boutique hotel than the Westin!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	4	1	1	

<Author>jgthompson2
<Content>poor value We stayed at this hotel from 6 鈥?11 March 2008. We had accumulated enough Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) points for 2/5 nights to be free. We booked through SPG in early January and were told that the booked room was basic but that it should be easily upgradeable on arrival once blocks of rooms had been released as 鈥渨e always strive to take care of our SPG guests鈥? Upon arrival we were assigned one of the smallest rooms in the old part of the hotel. The only other thing available had a Murphy bed! The attitude of the front desk was take it or leave it. Oh well鈥?The room indeed was small but also on the worst side of the hotel. Each evening we were treated to drummers, rock bands or bag pipes on the sidewalk outside our room. Ear plugs solved that problem. A sensor on the door that controlled the air handling unit malfunctioned on the first night and chirped at us for several hours. Maintenance did come and fix it quickly once we figured out what it was. The room was so small that every time we took a shower the water vapor would make the smoke detector chirp at us. Since the window was frozen shut, we solved that problem by propping open the room door to the hall. The maintenance man did apologize for that but basically told us it was a function of the room being small. The peeling paint on the bathroom ceiling is also due to poor ventilation, but we were able to wash the flakes down the drain when we showered. We had 4 interactions with the front desk personnel. 3 of 4 encounters had all the charm of checking into a Motel 8. One young woman stared at her computer screen and never looked at us the entire time we were in front of her. She had us furnish all of our personal info, ID and credit card all over again when we transitioned from the 2 鈥渞eward鈥?nights to regular nights. When I asked why we had to do so, her response was 鈥渢hat it was easier this way鈥? I was so dumfounded that I did not ask the logical question of 鈥渇or whom?鈥?Not all was lost, however. We were simply walking by at one point when a front desk woman greeted us and wished us a nice day. I watched her do this to many people in the lobby and when she had a customer in front of her, she was pleasant, smiling and courteous to all. On the positive side, housekeepers, the doormen and bellmen were excellent. The concierge service was delightful and surpassed our expectations. This was our first test of the SPG reward program and it did not meet our expectations. On the whole the experience was just simply 鈥淥k鈥? Given the number of points we surrendered for 2 free nights and the expense of the regular nights, we felt we that just being 鈥淥k鈥?is poor value in return. We travel to San Francisco frequently and in the future we will happily settle for an equivalent room and service at a less well known chain for a lower price. Alternatively, we will only have to spend a bit more than we did at the St. Francis if we want a more luxurious experience. The SPG program will not be a factor in any future hotel reservations. If we wind up accruing points through whatever mechanism, that will be nice, but we will not be going out of our way to do so. The purpose of any reward program is to generate loyalty and repeat business. In this case it has had the opposite effect.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>Worldtravel41
<Content>Historical Hotel in Convenient Setting Having read the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor, I was somewhat hesitant to stay at the St. Francis. There were complaints about the property's upkeep, specifically in the older building bordering Union Square, and also allegations of bad service. I cannot comment on the condition of the older building, but the newer skyrise was absolutely fantastic. We stayed on the 27th floor which offered amazing views of Union Square, the financial district, the East Bay Bridge, the Coit Tower, and several other areas of the city. Our room was very sleek with the typical Westin heavenly shower and bed, along with an ample work space. The room service was very attentive, the concierge very knowledgeable, and the front desk very helpful with all inquiries. Perhaps the older part of the property isn't worth the price of admission, but the skyrise is more, shall we say, Westin. The entrance and reception areas are very cool, mixing San Francisco's bygone elegance with its hip modern persona. As far as the property's location, it doesn't get any better. The trolley system stops at your front door on Powell and you're within walking distance to all the major shopping in the city, as well as several excellent restaurants. I was very satisfied with my stay.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelaround48
<Content>Old section getting a bit long in the tooth I travel to San Francisco at least once every year and have been staying in Starwood hotels since I joined their club about five years ago. I have bounced between the W, St. Regis  St. Francis. What I do like about the St. Francis is the old section overlooking Union Square because the ceilings are high and the rooms have that sense of old San Francisco that I remember as a child staying there with my family. However, the best part is that the windows open wide letting in the cool S.F. air and the sounds of the city complete with the clanging cable cars traveling up and down Powell St. A view over Union Square to Tiffanys, Macys  Nieman is so cIt y. It really doesn't get much better than that for a city experience. If you can time it right be sure to book a lower Union Square room to watch the Chinese New Year parade from your window.What I don't like about the St. Francis is that the new gourmet retaurant that has taken over what was one of the most wonderful hotel bars in the city. Nothing against the restaurant itself as I have yet to dine there. Cocktails are now relegated to the lobby which diminishes what was once a Grand entrance. Now the lobby is kept impossibly dim littered with too warn, never were attractive furnishings.All in all, I will probably opt sometime again in the future for the Union Square experience; but I do miss the bathrooms at the St. Regis.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>briguy73
<Content>Superior Hotel in Upscale Union Square After spending several nights in a competition hotel up the street, I finally had to throw in the towel and say, enough is enough. I walked down the street to the Westin St. Francis and walked directly up to the front desk and talked with a very friendly clerk. I explained my situation and asked if there were rooms available. I am a government employee and was on official business, and explained as such and asked if there were rooms available at the government rate. The clerk was more than helpful and was able to assist me. I explained that my family would be joining me on my last night and asked for a family friendly room. She said she would put me in a special room that she thought I would like. Needless to say, I was put into a HUGE room that was way more than adequate and way more than what I am used to while traveling on business! My only regret was that I hadn't stayed in this hotel the previous days!The staff at the Westin St. Francis were all more than helpful in helping us and making special accommodations that I had requested - a cot, a refrigerator, etc... The only down side of this hotel was the parking rate - at $49/night, I was a little discouraged. If I were traveling on my own, I would have looked for parking elsewhere, but since I was being reimbursed, it was alright.The bed was more than comfortable and it was the best night sleep I had gotten in almost a week!The only thing I can complain about is that my conference didn't last longer!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ben1202
<Content>Great Location The hotel, as everyone else has stated, is in an incredible location. We arrived from London, and found the hotel quite quickly from the airport. We were in a deluxe room in the tower - and had a great view over Union Square. Do book a tower room, as I believe the historic rooms leave a lot to be desired. We only ate at the hotel for one breakfast (we stayed for 5 days) - and the food was pretty good. The bar wasn't great, but due to the fantastic location there are a number of cooler bars quite close by.The staff (esp. behind the desk and the concierge) were extremely helpful - and the only negative was the cost of parking at the hotel - or SUV was oversized and we were charged over $60 a day to park at the hotel. But, it is an expensive/premium hotel. All in all, a great hotel, and certainly one that I would use again (in fact I'm booked to go back in a couple of months).  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>l0is1ane
<Content>Great Location, Tiny Room, Not Great Service! I've just returned from staying in the Westin St Francis while I attended a convention in town and spent a few days site seeing.The location is great (for shopping, not really for the covention centre), very central and right next to the cable car stop.The lobby of the hotel is impressive, and I have never seen so many entrances to one hotel, but the hotel room itself was tiny. I've had small rooms before, but this was the smallest I have ever stayed in. It was so small that the (very nice!) flatscreen TV had to be placed to the side of the bed at a very inconvenient angle so it was difficult to comfortably watch it. The bathroom was nice, good fittings and a nice shower. The bed itself was very comfortable and large.The only real complaint I have about this hotel is the way their mini bar system works. The mini bar/fridge was in a cupboard under the tv, which I used to store some documents in (the cupboard, not the fridge!). At no point did I even open the fridge, yet on the day I was due to depart I was given a mini bar bill for over $200! I spoke with reception, who were very off hand about it and insisted I must have removed things from the fridge as it is sensored. I insisted I had done no such thing, at which point they said even opening the door of the cupboard could set the sensors off and if I wanted to avoid getting a bill next time I shouldn't open the cupboard! They cancelled the charges, which was fine, but by that time they had already requested the money from my visa card so my bank back home stopped my card due to the large international transaction! It seems crazy that they can't get a mini bar which can tell the difference between you removing an item and opening the cupboard in which the mini bar is stored!! Anyway this is just a gripe of mine, the hotel was nice, and central and the other staff I encountered were very polite and helpful. Careful of the coffee shop/bar though - we went in there on 3 seperate occassions and they charged us 3 different prices for the same drinks!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>tracker1312
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Awesome Location       View of Chandelier and Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Viemma
<Content>Disappointing This hotel was disappointing. It was evident that Westin was cutting corners to maximize profit. The expensive rooms were cheaply and boringly furnished, with tired wall paper and no architectural detail. There were no basic extras, such as shower caps. There were crowds of people and almost always a long wait for the elevators. I expected more for my $300/night.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelbug070
<Content>Could have been better We recently spent 3 nights at the Westin St Francis  while we did enjoy our stay I felt there were a few things that could have been better. We received a very warm welcome on our arrival  it all looked promising. We had just arrived from a very long international flight and had an extremely tired baby who needed to sleep. I had previously emailed and called from Australia to confirm a cot would be in our room on arrival. The girl checking us in advised it was not there yet but would be sent up immediately. After at least half and hour it still had not arrived so we decided to take her out for a walk. On our way through reception we asked again  were assured it would be sent straight up. An hour and a half later we returned - still no cot! We finally rang exasperated and pleaded for one - finally it came about 20 minutes later. Not quite good enough  something so simple should not take 3 requests.Other than that, the paint was pealing off the ceiling in our bathroom which was surprising and not up to standard for such a property.This is an extremely busy hotel so not the place to stay for a quiet relaxing time, however it is in a fantastic location and we were able to walk or take the cable car everywhere. The room was spacious and comfortable  other than the pealing paint it was very nice. Staff were mostly all very friendly  overall we did enjoy our stay.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>rgarcia04
<Content>Great service We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights Feb 16-19. We booked through travelocity and got a great deal with flights included. Our room was in the newer tower on the 16th floor and the rooms were of a good size. The elevator is something that you have to get used to if you don't like heights because it is a glass elevator which goes pretty fast. It does have a great view if you go a little higher to get above the rest of the skyline, we took a ride to the top floor and the view was amazing. When we arrived from the airport we took the BART to the Powell st exit and the hotel is a few blocks up the street. Also there is a kiosk right as you exit the Bart station to by multi-day passes for the muni transportation, which includes the cable cars. We checked our luggage and went to lunch because we were a bit too early for checkin. Check-in was very smooth and they sent up our bags immediately, I think we might have been in our room for 1-2 minutes when it arrived. Another time we called because we couldn't get our safe to work and again the service was excellent, help arrived within 5 mins. As mentioned in other reviews this location is perfect. With easy access to alot of public transportation and also taxis are always outside the hotel.There was one negative that we had the heating system made a very large clunking noise right before it was turning off. It did wake me up a few times. Another thing that I didn't mind but some might is that the bathroom was a shower only set-up.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkyh
<Content>Average hotel, great location I travel to San Francisco regularly for work and have stayed at the Westin St. Francis for a total of three weeks over the past four months. Overall, the hotel is charming and the rooms are nice albeit visibly worn. Despite this, all the beds and showers are Westin's signature heavenly brand and therefore very comfortable. Most important, is the location of the hotel. Overlooking Union Square and steps away from shops galore, it's a refreshing change from staying at other hotels downtown, which can be located in the business area and therefore quite dead at night. I also prefer to be a little bit further from the business area just to have a change of scenery when I am done at the office.I would recommend the Westin St. Francis to anyone who likes the same and enjoys being in a more lively part of town. The hotel may be a bit old but the location certainly more than makes up for it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>911GOLFER
<Content>Don't pay full price I booked the room through Priceline, and got it for $99. The hotel is in a great location, the bed was very comfortable as was the dual head shower. The room itself was very small, but clean. There was no view at all, but for $99 I didn't really expect one. My only complaint is that the walls are very thin. We were awaken by the staff vacuuming at 7:30am, cleaning someone's dishes in the hallway, etc. I felt we got a good deal for $99, I wouldn't pay more than that.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Sleeli
<Content>Great location, but disappointing Location is this hotel's best feature - couldn't be better. We had a large, light corner room in the old section. However, the overall condition of the hotel was rather shabby - dim, poorly furnished lobby, paint and wallpaper peeling off the wall of our room, hooks in the bathroom falling out of the wall (and then just left there by the maid for 2 days), no light, paper or pen on the desk, no information about the hotel amenities (no pool?!) other than we had to pay $12/day per person to use the gym. The amenities are nicer at the Holiday Inn Express in any podunk town in America. Too bad, because this is a beautiful landmark hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	3	1	

<Author>vegaslover73
<Content>St. Francis is coasting on location  Obviously, great location that can't be beat... cool hotel history, too. Very nice lobby. Good breakfast in the Oak Room (but pricey). That's it! It's all downhill from there... front desk staff: SURLY  RUDE. (I've had much better service from airline staff checking in at the airport.) Historic rooms: dumpy, dingy, noisy,  musty... 2 star at best. (We heard every toilet flush as well as neighbors having sex... not good). We won't be back.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Margouille
<Content>Great location My husband and I stayed at the hotel last week. My husband was there for a conference and I was on holildays.The hotel looks good. The lobby is quite nice. We were in a king room in the older part of the building. The room was a good size if not big. The decoration was simple and a bit tired but pleasant.The location is really what made us choose the St Francis. Being right on Union Square it is hugely practical. Cable cars at the front, BART at the end of powell street and plenty of buses around for those wanting to catch public transport. Cabs always easy to get for the others. The walk to Fisherman's wharf takes about 25 minutes (Powell street is very steep!) and walking to the ferry terminal (to go to Sausalito) takes 10 to 15minutes if you go down post st and then market st.On the cons side, the service was poor. Sitting at the bar at the front if the hotel we had to wait 15 to 20 min for a drink. The other bar in the lobby wasn't very attractive and was very noisy. It felt like you were sitting at the check in counter. Concierge seemed quite annoyed when we asked for restaurant recommendations! Being more of a business hotel, it was quite noisy for 8am onwards.I would probably not recommend this hotel for a vacation.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>thriller_7
<Content>Westin St Francis is a stunning hotel overall I stayed for three nights at the Westin St Francis in the newer tower building.As there were no twins available I had originally booked a standard double in the historic building but was shown to a standard queen room instead. The room was beautiful, though small, and everything was neat and clean. I had read reviews on this site that the older smaller rooms were dated and dirty but this was not the case at all. I did however get an extremely strange feeling in the room, and was not keen to stay for a reason that is unknown to me! We asked to be upgraded to the newer part of the hotel for an additional $35.00 per night, and as we left the old part of the hotel I mentioned to my sister that my right ear started ringing loudly as soon as we entered the room. She said her right ear was also ringing in the historic room... very spooky!Anyway, having upgraded to the tower room with two queen beds, we had absolutely no complaints. The room was massive, and the bathroom was incredible! The beds were heavenly as promised, and the dual shower was great too. It was well worth the extra money for the upgrade. The only thing even slightly disapointing was the view, (of some old buildings), but you can't have everything.Staff were friendly and helpful and the public areas of the hotel are stunning. I really enjoyed watching the documentary on the hotel tv channel about the history of the St Francis- fascinating!I would definitely love to return to the St Francis in the future.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>relaxedtraveller67
<Content>Westin wins again Typical great Westin experience, but even a cut above the rest of the Westin's I've stayed at. Front desk personnel was particularly helpful with extending my stay for an extra 3 days. Location was central and I plan to return for vacation (this was a work trip).  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MulberrySt
<Content>Westin Union Square Back from a great week in San Francisco, where we stayed at the Westin on Union Square for seven nights. As you've no doubt read elsewhere, the hotel is ideally located in the city, close to great shopping, sight-seeing, restaurants and all the excitement that was around Super Tuesday! It had us enraptured, even though we were visiting from abroad!The hotel checked us in, and we were given a very spacious room on the 10th floor of the tower block; the room was serviced every day; there was a coffee maker, hair-dryer, flat-screen tv, arm-chair, desk, and so on within the room. We found the concierge especially helpful throughout our stay. And we were only sad to leave!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>travels_well
<Content>Nice rooms and public area, very poor service This was my third time at the hotel. The first time I was put in the old building, and our room was terrible. The second time they comped my stay--had a great room overlooking Union Square in the new tower. This third time I booked 3 rooms. As an SPG gold member, I usually get upgrades. But the women who checked us in, would not even give us the king room we booked. My wife insisted on talking with the manager and we finally got our king room (but no upgrade). The room was in the old building, but it was recently renovated. The rooms was well furnished and appointed. But the service at the hotel is terrible. In addition to the check-in fiasco, we couldn't find a bellperson. They have one doorman for a 600+ room hotel. We ended up carrying our own luggage (including stroller) inside. Upon coming and going to the hotel, the doorman (even when he was not busy) never offered to help us lift our stroller over the steps of the hotel's front entrance. We asked the conceirge to recommend a good place for sushi. After a 5 minute wait, he came back with some places. We asked what he particuarly liked about them, and he said he just searched on Google for sushi. We ended up finding something ourselves since we know the area pretty well. So if you need a nice room in a good location, the St. Francis will fit the bill. But after staying in many SF hotels (we used to live in the city), we prefer the Omni, which has amazing service. Other good options are the Grand Hyatt and Marriott, both of which have better service than the St. Francis.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LostIinNY
<Content>"Excellent" Doesn't Do It Justice The St. Francis has the best location in the City, overlooking Union Square and next to the City's best shopping. Rooms are huge, and when we stayed the hotel had just put in flat screen TVs in all the rooms. The room service was also excellent--extremely speedy. I had the Kobe beef burger and fries. Both were fantastic, and surprisingly about half the price normally charged by hotels in this league. All around best hotel experience I have had on the West Coast.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>honest_feedback_uk
<Content>Great location Just the best location in San Francisco for 1st time visitors. A hotel with a lot of history and a lot of class. Close to the big shops of Union Square and an easy ride to most city locations. The rooms are quite small but OK. The worst aspect of the stay was $55/day parking for a car which you will not use when in residence..... still I will return next time I am in SF  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laderatraveler
<Content>Great Location We stayed here one night on starpoints and the hotel location is the best. Right in the center of Union Square. The hotel itself smells a little old and it's a little dark too. We arrived at 10:30 am and the front desk managed to let us check in early, which was a plus. We were in the Historical Building and we were on the 4th floor. Our room totally looked onto Union Square and there were no obstructions. I had some issues with the hotel staff with helping me with directions and using the internet costs a min. of $10 (what a joke). The location is great, but not the best hotel. Our room was nice, but falling apart (ceiling was cracking, knobs on furniture missing and no pens in the room).  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>NewYorkTravelCoord
<Content>NOT the typical SPG hotel, much worse! I recently spend a week at the St Francis on business; It was a fright from the moment I got to my floor. The doorman, front desk staff, and bell staff were attentive, but didn't warn me about my room... It was on a newly renovated floor that smelled of mothballs (I was told it was the new carpet), the whole 11th floor smelled so my window (which opened) was of little help. The bell staff that escorted me to my room noticed immediately that the room was not made up properly and left to collect the towels, robe, and missing pillow. The amenities were less then I would expect, I've received better at a Hampton Inn. They were happy to press my suits, but were unable to shine my shoes. Housekeeping skipped my room twice during my stay, and the hotel never offered an apology; only a they'll be right up. All in all, it was a beautiful hotel, but the room was far too small (albeit a old hotel) for the price and the door banged into the bed when I opened it.For the money, stay at the ritz or four seasons...  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Aussie8
<Content>Great place to stay Reviewer: from Melbourne AustraliaWe checked in here for a 5 day stay over New Year. The staff at check in were wonderful when we checked in late after plane delays. We had asked for an upgrade and we were upgraded to a room on a higher floor without a problem. During our time there the staff were always friendly and helpful.The room was very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable and we slept very well. We did not use the mini bar as the cost was expensive. The fridge had a sensor so we were worried about even opening the fridge! The bathroom was a little small for a hotel of this rating but we made do.The location is great-right near Union Square but within walking distance of the Bay-via Market Street. We walked everywhere even down to Fisherman's Wharf. We had booked this with a package that included tours and airport transfers and we were very happy with the cost. We did not feel that the hotel was overly expensive. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LOWA
<Content>Great Hotel - Lives up to the Westin Name Overall, this is a good example of a Westin property with nice public areas, excellent service and clean  spacious guest rooms. I stayed here on Business this past week and will be back with my wife for a weekend trip very soon.Pros:- Very friendly staff- Elegant public areas- Excellent location - surrounded by shopping and places to eat- Overlooking Union Square- Very safe area to walk around and feel comfortable if you are a firsttime visitor- nice rooms with large LCD TV'sCons:- Not a family hotel per say, i.e. more designed for adult travellers- Parking is pricey $50+/day- no daily newspaper (I found this a bit unusual)- Wired Highspeed internet ($) available $8 for 2 hrs, $15 for 24hrsHelpful Tips:- Starbucks is 1-2 blocks away - Streetcars go by right outside the front door- 2 large movie theaters within 5 min walkTip on Visiting San Francisco:If you are a first time San Francisco visitor and want to do some exploring, I would recommend (weather permitting) jumping in a cab to Pier #39 (Pier #39 has food, shopping  incredible views of alcatraz, Golden Gate Bridge, Sea Lions) . This is a touristy area and you arrange additional tours at this spot at your leisure.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CorkLanger
<Content>Doesn't live up to the hype We heard a lot of hype about this place but sadly it didn't live up to expectations. The location is fantastic, right in Union Square, everything you need is within walking distance. The building is also very impressive as is the lobby. That is where it ended. Due to it's location and it's use as a meeting place it is overrun with people who aren't staying there. So it was very crowded and not very relaxing. The biggest disappointment was the room, it was small and smelt/felt damp. The decor was very dated (a lot of the hotel felt like that) and we had real problems with noise due to a party taking place at the hotel. On the plus side security sorted that very quickly. Finally at check out our bags were taken outside while we waited for a taxi, I don't know where they stored them but someone spilt coffee all over my bag!! I don't think the hotel is worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cc08
<Content>AWFUL!!! This is truly the worst hotel experience I have ever had!! I don't even know where to begin. So I will start with the rude and inexperienced staff. Upon my arrival I found that my Grand-View room which I had paid $300 plus was not available. What, you may say? Yes, this was my reaction as well. They had overbooked that king rooms for that evening. I was placed in a dirty room with two double beds where the carpet had not been vacuumed, mold in the cups and paint chipping off the wall. The next morning I was notified that my room had opened up and that I would be moved into my correct room within the hour. SEVEN hours later there was still no room, they gave away my old one and lost my luggage that they were holding on to. An apology goes a long way...However don't hold your breath for one from the staff, who could care less. The staff was very dismissive and rude and in no hurry to fix their errors. I wouldn't even recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PUCCA74
<Content>Great location for a SF holiday! I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for two nights and despite the fact that it is priced higher than your average hotel, it is definitely worth the investment, since the location is FANTASTIC and you are staying at a Westin afterall.If you are in SF only a short while, do yourself a favor and stay in Union Square, since that's where a lot of the action is for tourists. I've been to SF several times, but this was by far, my favorite hotel experience in the city to-date.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NorthEast33
<Content>Great Holiday Spot       9th Floor Room  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CharlesNixon
<Content>Not worth it!       View from the Elevator  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ML2
<Content>Solid, but not as great as most Westins We stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday. Having read how other Priceline customers have been treated, I went prepared to pay for a room upgrade. For an additional $35 a night, we were placed in one of the high rooms in the Tower with a spectacular view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The staff were incredibly friendly, though we forgot our toothpaste and waited an hour for someone to bring us some extra toothpaste packets. The hotel seemed busy, however, so that may be forgivable.The location is great and the hotel does have quite a bit of character. Still, I felt that the room furnishings were average (at best) - even in the newer Tower. We've stayed at more than our share of Westins over the years and this is, unfortunately, the least of all of them. Heavenly bed, yes, but everything else looked a little tired. Ironically, when we returned home to LA we were forced to evacuate our home because of a wildfire and stayed at a nearby Four Points Sheraton that was much nicer (and dramatically cheaper) than the Westin St Francis. I think this hotel is coasting a little too much on its history and quaintness, and Starwood really needs to sink some serious $$$ into this place to renovate it.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>tearose
<Content>St. Francis -- Loved it, hated it (smile) We stayed three nights at the St. Francis over the Thanksgiving weekend. GIving an overall score to our stay presents a conundrum; I can now understand both the good and great reviews and those at the other end of the spectrum.The hotel has about 600 rooms in the 12-story original building fronting Union Square--considered the exact center of San Francisco--and 600 rooms in the 32-story tower immediately behind the main building. The original building reopened in November, 1907, having been rebuilt after the 1906 earthquake and fire. Of all the hotels in the city, it has the strongest ties to San Francisco's history (together with the Fairmont and the Sheraton Palace). Everyone from US Presidents to British royalty to show business figures (beginning with Enrico Caruso, during the 1906 earthquake) has stayed here. Both the hotel's TV channel and its web site describe this rich and illustrious history.We requested and were given one of the rooms in the tower, which was completed in 1972. Each floor in the tower contains about 18 larger-than-average rooms (on the long sides), with four medium-size rooms at the end of each floor. (On the lower floors, these smaller rooms compensate with better views than the larger ones). The hotel was sold out, and the best we could do was one of the medium-sized rooms--showing its age just a bit, but completely satisfactory. The rooms in the original building vary much more greatly in size, from large suites down to the modest-sized rooms described by others. I appreciate the hotel's history. However, at least during our stay, the main (lobby) level was so over-full of people that it was hard to relax and fully appreciate what remains of its earlier history. The crowds lasted for the entire three days. We had breakfast two mornings in the Oak Room, the main restaurant for breakfast. The buffet was fairly comprehensive and seemed like a very fair value for $24.75 pp, including coffee and orange juice; there was a fair assortment of fresh fruits, several kinds of sausages and other breakfast meats, some croissants and blintzes. It was fine and fairly priced, though it was not quite up to breakfasts offered at some 5-star hotels.For me, room size and condition is a major consideration, and our room (in the tower) was fine if not exceptional. However, on the negative side, the crowds of hotel guests and passers-by seemed almost overwhelming and detracted from the attractive Christmas tree, Christmas decorations, 14-foot-high gingerbread house, and what I remembered as a more pleasant ambiance. I concur with others who regret the passing of the former beautiful lobby bar, the Compass Rose, now replaced with a very highly rated and expensive restaurant (Michael Minas). The old Compass Rose added greatly to the comfort and style of the main lobby, while the restaurant is semi-isolated.The other negative, to be avoided if possible, is the parking. It is $49.50 per night, which with tax totals $55.86. Normally, we would have parked directly across the street in the public garage under Union Square at $25 per 24 hours, but this option was not available given the crowds in downtown SF, coming to see the displays in the stores around the hotel (i.e. Macy's and Nieman Marcus, with Bloomingdale's, Nordstroms and other fine stores within a three-block walk).While I still have a fair degree of affection for the St. Francis, in the future I'm likely to look for a good hotel just a little bit removed from the vortex. However, first-time visitors to San Francisco, especially those without cars, may want to be in the exact center, with the cable car passing by in front and a multitude of places to eat and shop in the immediate vicinity.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>FozzieForever
<Content>We had a great experience We booked online and paid a very reasonable rate. On checking in we had made a mistake and the room that we had booked had only one bed. Given that we were two independent travelers this was certainly not what we wanted. Roberto on the front desk found us an alternative and couldn't have been more helpful. He also gave us complimentary breakfast vouchers to welcome us. Our room was immaculately clean and very smart indeed. It was in the old main building and the quiet was amazing to me - being more used to thin hotel room walls. Breakfast included a great range of fresh fruit. Thanks to the great service I would come back again for sure.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aparreola
<Content>Horrible service at the St. Francis This hotel was an extreme let down. There is a lot of hype about the St. Francis due to its' historical value in San Francisco, however, this is an example of when preservation goes too far. Aside from the dirty room, with lifted carpet, chains hanging on the wall for no reason, outdated furniture clearly not original to the hotel and damage to the walls and doors, this hotel was most dissapointing because of the horrible service. It took over 30 minutes for the staff to come to my room to help me with my bags despite my current disability and 20 minutes on hold with valet and another 20 minutes waiting for the car after I was told to come down to give them my claim ticket. Further, the staff would not even make change for my wife when we needed to break a $20 for tips for the staff (however this proved to be unnecessary as the staff was not deserving of tips anyway). Additionally, housekeeping came around 8:30 a.m. to clean the room I asked her not to come in as we were not awake and ready yet, after which she continued to come every 30 minutes even though we were checking out at 11:30 a.m. I have stayed at better Double Trees and will definitely stay at Le Meridien or Hotel Nikko for my future San Francisco trips.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Jsoc
<Content>Do not stay in the Historic wing First the Good:Great location.Friendly staff.Comfortable Beds.Good LCD TV in room.Beautiful hotel lobby.Now the bad:Hotel has 2 wings. The Historic Section is old and outdated. I guess they call it historic to make it sound nicer. The entire floor smelled musty from years of use. The rooms smelled the same. Rooms were small. The furniture in my room looked like it was used as saw horses for a workbench. The health club was very small and charged $14 for the day. No treadmills.Very high prices. I got a great deal at $389/night. Expected a much better room. I had a view of the room across from me. Could not see anything of the street, but was able to hear it as a band played until about 10 PM in the park across the street.The St. Francis needs to renovate the historic wing or knock it down!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woodrophus
<Content>Boo for the Westin St. Francis I am sad to report that my experience at the St. Francis Westin was extremely substandard. To begin with, the rooms are extremely dated and run down. The bathroom was not cleaned well and there was no way I was going to take a bath in a tub that was still dirty. The bed was somewhat uncomfortable compared to other 5 star hotels I've stayed at. We had lunch at the Oak Room. The food was good but the restaurant was run down and the furniture was scratched and chipped - not what you expect at a 5 star hotel. You can eat at the main restaurant, Michael Mina, for $98 (price fix only), not including any wine. The lobby is now a more modern, Asian feel. There are no fresh florals, everything is straight lines and very cold. Way, way different from the way it used to be. High tea at the hotel is no longer offered. Parking is $50 per night and when we checked out, we had to wait to 1/2 hour to have our car delivered to us. No excuse to be shorthanded on valet parking employees when you are charging $50 per night! On an more positive note, the spa was excellent. I had two spa treatments and they were both wonderful. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, but you can make a spa reservation without being a hotel guest.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	4	1	3	

<Author>Woodrophus
<Content>NOT a 4 or 5 star hotel Traditionally reputed to be one of the best in the City, this hotel unfortunately disappointed again.Years back, on my wedding night of all things, this hotel told me I had no room (after making a reservation months in advance, ordering roses, champaign, etc.). Now, years later, I decided to give them another chance. Here's what I've experienced:Paid that little bit extra to get a room that overlooks Union square instead of ugly roofs. My wife, who visited the room first, told me the hallway and room smelled like urine. Thinking she was overly sensitive, I reserved my opinion.. When I arrived, I had to agree. Quite disappointing to pay the big bucks and smell urine.After trying to forget this, I take a shower. Wife notes as I'm getting out that there is a patch of long black hair on the shower wall. Neither she nor I have long black hair. Gross and no excuse.Then, tonight, the main restaurant and bar advises, at 11 pm on a Saturday night, after the big USC v. Cal football game, the bar is closed. Go to the reserve lobby bar which closed at 12:00. Closing this early on a busy night in the City? Are you kidding me? Based on my past experiences in the City, you can do much...much better elsewhere. I recommend the Omni or Hyatt for better experiences in the same (or lesser) price range but with better facilities and service for the price.Couldn't even order a movie without calling the front desk to order it without giving them my credit card no. Like they didn't have it already when I made reservation or my wife made spa reservation. Weak service for very high prices. You can certainly do better.St. Francis seems to be resting too comfortably on its old reputation. In the last few years, this hotel has gone down hill in getting rid of a classic restaurant, a separate good old SF bar and a nice lobby. All this without any mention of the $45+ they charge per night to park your car. Don't forget to add that steep charge to your room rate.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peter01
<Content>An Old Classic We just returned from a wedding in San Francisco where we stayed at the historic St. Francis on Union Square. We are loyal Westin customers and were looking forward to our stay. This historic classic hotel was built in 1904 and survived earthquakes and fires. It has stood the test of time, but even after a recent renovation in 2004, it has lost some of it's romance and charm. We had a very nice large corner room with a great view of Union Square on this beautiful fall day. The bed was comfortable but not up to par for their Heavenly Bed program. The room smelled musty as did the hallways. For a major upscale hotel chain like Westin, it did not live up to it's reputation. The service was just fair. One major disappointment was to see the famous lobby piano bar has been replaced with a modern upscale resturant by Michael Mena - a fine establishment but seemed out of place for the surrounding marble and granite architecture. Overall it was a good experience in a great location but not worth the $500 per night price tag.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>wtraveller
<Content>Beware interior rooms in historic portion of the hotel I stayed 1 night in the historic portion of the hotel. Though I ahd booked a standard room, I was not told that the room had a full-sized bed and a shower. I changed to another interior room that had a queen-sized bed but the room's condition was the same as the first one: scratched, old furniture, out-dated carpet, and furniture that had seen far better days. The HVAC wasn't working well and we spent a stuffy night - fresh air was out since the one window overlooked the interior light well. The bathroom was clean and well outfitted, in stark contrast to the rest of the room. What was perhaps the most ironic part of the whole experience was that there was a flat screen HDTV in a room full of furniture and decor that was desperate to be updated. It was the first time I ever equated the terms dump and Westin. I do hear good things about the tower rooms; my thinking is that they neglected to provide the interior customers the same quality experience other customers may receive whilst at the hotel. So unfortunate.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>DaveEk
<Content>Nice Hotel...But Without Priceline, this hotel would have been overpriced. The location was excellent, and the public spaces were very nice. Our room was small, relatively dirty given the price and smelled old and musty. Parking was crazy. Our Ford Edge was called an oversized SUV. Overall, I would look for a smaller, boutique hotel next time in the same area. We traveled with 3 total people and a larger room would have made things more comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>jennilla
<Content>Enjoyed our stay The Westin St. Francis is located right off of Union Square, a prime location in San Francisco. There are a lot of restaurants nearby, and you're just a couple blocks away from the Powell Station of the MUNI, which allows you access to many other San Francisco neighborhoods. You're steps away from Chinatown, and you're along a cable car route to take you down to Fisherman's wharf. You just can't beat the location.My best recommendation would be to request staying in the towers of the hotel. Our first night, my husband and I were assigned to one of the more traditional rooms in the older area of the hotel. It was so tiny, there was only a double bed and not even room for a dresser. Because I'm pretty short, the shower was so small and the shower head was nonadjustable, I had to literally stand with my nose against the marble wall to get the water to hit my hair. It must have been the older construction or the high ceilings in our room, but I had a hard time sleeping that first night because our neighbor's pipes shrieked every time they turned on the sink or flushed the toilet.The next morning I called the front desk, and they cheerfully moved us to one of the rooms in the Towers for the remainder of our stay once one became available. This made a world of difference. Our room was three times the size, we had a king bed, dresser, enough floor space to do back flips if we wanted to, and a large and comfortable bathroom. And of course, the room was quiet and free from the noise of our neighbors. The staff was very considerate and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and will stay here again if in San Francisco. I cannot, however, comment on rates of the hotel. My husband was there for a conference and his medical program covered the cost of the hotel. If it was coming out of my own pocket, I may have considered something a little less pricey.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>d_r_kranz
<Content>Very good hotel Very good hotel. Good relation between price and value. Great rooms.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KEGALL
<Content>Highly recomended This is a great hotel in the best location in the city. There's great shops  places to eat nearby. We were on our honeymoon  got an upgrade to a room in the new part of the hotel with great views over the city.The room was spacious and clean. Bed was very comfortable too. The bathroom was great with a double head on the shower. We had a few problems because I could'nt turn it off one morning. Eventually someone came to fix it  I was told it was a common problem.One complaint - we had waiter service in the bar one evening . We ordered 2 glasses of wine  got charged a 20% service charge to have the pleasure of having it brought 10 foot from the bar to our table. Rip off!!! My advice - if they say we'll bring your order over - queue for it instead!Lefty O'doules bar / cafe over the road is good  reasonable for breakfast / dinner.Hotel is within walking distance of most things. On the basis of this vist, we will now be staying in the Westin Times Square NY next spring  so thats how highly recomended this place is!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WetAndCold
<Content>Kind of tough to review The St. Francis is in a great area of San Francisco, right on Union Square. It is an old and distinguished hotel. The reason I think it's tough to review is there seems to be a wide variety of room types. For $300, I received a small interior room with a queen bed. Everything was clean and nice, but I like my window to have a view outside the building. This was one of the original rooms in the hotel (363). I was offerred an outside room if I'd accept a double bed instead of a queen, but the bed is important to me, so I declined. Elevators are dated and fewer than in a modern hotel (at least in my wing), but food and service were good (but pricey). If I were paying for the stay with my own money (instead of the company booking it for me), I'd stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>shelley99
<Content>beautiful hotel       hotel at night-awesome  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lcady13
<Content>do not waste your money $$$ - stay at another vip hotel I read through many reviews on this site and found that this hotel seem to have the best and after friends and family said it would be nice for the location, I chose to stay. What a mistake! There are too many more hotels to choose from - don't make the same mistake I did.I did fill out the survey card left with my express check out. The next morning I received an email from the hotel, I assume it was a courtesy email that everyone gets after their stay.My response to their question: Please let us know how your stay wasDear, XXXI think it is important for you to know what you customers experience so that in the future other customers will not have to experience the same.I was very excited about staying at your hotel as friends and co-workers told me that it was a great location and one of the nicest that they had heard of, and some even had family and friends stay there when they visited.My son came to visit me for the weekend and most all the hotels were booked in the area. I usually stay at the Hyatt Regency on Embarcadero however; they were booked for the nights we wanted to stay in the city. I have four adult children, two grandchildren, and many friends that visit from Texas, Montana, and Florida often and enjoy staying in the city a couple of nights when they visit. For some they love the Union Square area for shopping and others love the Wharf.Our stay did not get off on the right foot to begin with, we arrived in the city about 1:45PM and I called ahead to see if I could valet my car and see when the earliest we could check in, I hoped for 2:00 or 2:30PM since my reservation said 3PM check in. The person at the front desk told me that my room would not be ready until 4 or 5pm because the guests in that room had a late check out. When I said is that the only room you have, they said yes with the view you want and the high floor. They told me that housekeeping would not be able to finish those high floors before 4 or 5pm and that I could have a lower floor without a view of the city.I wasn鈥檛 to happy about that since we had arrived expecting to check in at least by 3pm, get dressed for our adventure on the night Alcatraz tour at 5:15pm. We were very disappointed that we had to wait around in the rain and not be able to change for the 5:15PM tour as we had planned. It was not a good situation. However, we made the best of it and after the tour on the Island; we arrive late at the hotel and checked in.I would have thought that if a guest were paying over $600.00 dollars a night for a room the quality of service would have been a lot better. I could have stayed at a motel 6 and got the same customer service. Your staff did not seem to care weather we got our room or not, there was a too bad attitude and I did not care much for that.In the morning we went out the front door about 10:50AM and ask the door man standing on the curb where the best place to have breakfast was, he laughed at me and said, 鈥淟ady breakfast is over by 11AM everywhere and your not going to find it anywhere鈥? You might tell your doorman that just a few doors down on the same block they have breakfast and 2-blocks up there is a great little dinner that offer鈥檚 it 24/7.Our experience was less than wonderful, and your staff was rude for the exception of the bellhop that helped us out the next morning and valet. I was not impressed with the bellhop that delivered our bags to our room since he was at the elevator before us and as I rounded the corner by the Concierge Desk, I noticed a black leather jacket lying on the floor. As I passed by it, I thought wow that looks like mine and when I turned the corner where the elevators where there was our cart and the bellhop was being told he dropped something and he went back to pickup my jacket off of the floor. I room was nice however I was surprise with the quality of the TV, not what I expected for such an elaborately decorated Hotel. Furniture was different colors of wood, looked bad like they just through whatever they had in there.Overall, I think it could have been a great stay and I am sure not all of your guests experience the same as we did; however, the cost in no way equaled our experience. That night I would have preferred to drive 35 minutes back to Sam Ramon and stay at my own house.I would not plan to stay at this hotel again and I would most likely not recommend it as I do not feel the quality of customer service is there since there were more than two individuals employed there that were not customer friendly.On a lighter note, I do want you to know that I am more often motivated to right a job well done letter to companies, rather than a disappointed letter, as I believe everyone has a bad day. I made this an exception because it just seemed so not right for the value. I am all about customer service, you can have the greatest product to offer, however if it is not presented well, it has no value to me. I hope you will investigate and make improvements for your future guests as I think your hotel is beautiful on the surface.Respectfully,Guest in room 3084The response I got was from another department head asking me to name names, like I ran around the whole time, taking names and wasting my time on their problems. I gave enough information to them that they could have verified that I did check in late and I valeted around 2PM that day, why would I have hung out in the rain, if anyone remembers it rained hard on Oct 12th. I have to give them credit for offerring to upgrade my next stay, like I would through away any more money on that to see if I could be any more miserable. NOT, I declined the anytime upgrade and you know why, I think someone should have called me in person, but they didn't they chose to email me back an forth, wasting more of my time for nothing. If they really did have the attitude that they strive for the best, they would have offered me a free night, even if it was an off-night to show me the service could be better. I didn't want anything free however the thought would have made the differenc for me. The rooms are NOT worth the money my total was $618 for one night, imagine I knew that before I booked it, that is why I booked a nice hotel. Oh! well we live and we learn, I have stayed at better and look forward to better nights in SFO when my family and friends visit. If you chose to stay here, I hope you get better treatment than I do. And FYI - there are a lot of places that serve breakfast after 11AM.Have a great day,Unhappy guest that stayed at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>BalmainBabe
<Content>Fantastic Location, Stylish Rooms       Deluxe view bedroom  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aLITTLESpoiled
<Content>Always First Rate! Deciding to do something a little different, we booked our weekend at the Prescott Hotel around the corner. We lasted five minutes before returning to the St Francis to beg for a room! We have stayed in the newer tower with spectacular views to Golden gate, Alcatraz, Bay Bridge... but this time we overlooked Union Square park in a HUGE room with smaller bath. Still... it far exceeded the size of the Prescott, whose hallways, elevators, and rooms (at $400/nt) are uninhabitably small. We will NOT be experimenting again. Why argue with perfection?! We LOVE the St Francis!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nikki5226
<Content>The St. Francis Hotel Haunted?... My husband and I checked in at this hotel and were told that the hotel was sold out and the only rooms they had available were standard rooms with one full size bed. We were given a room on the 3rd floor in the old part of the hotel. The lobby was beautiful but as soon as we approached the elevator we felt very creepy. The door to the elevator was brass and huge but the elevator was small inside. We got out of the elevator and found ourselves in these creepy long hallways with red carpeting. There were staircases and we heard people walking up and down the staircase but didn't see anyone. The hallways were very long and narrow and the room numbers on the door were not in order. We proceeded to our room and were amazed to see that the adjacent doors were in a 45 degree angle. As soon as we opened the door we felt goosebumps. The room was very small with a small bed and a T.V that was not directly across from the bed. It was freezing cold in the room and the thermostat said it was 60 degrees. We were wearing jackets and were still freezing. We set the temperature to 80 degrees. But the room did not seem to warm up at all. We got up and looked out of the window and saw another window about 10 feet away. There was a walkway between the two windows which seemed very freaky and unsafe. I went to go brush my teeth and get ready for bed. When I got out of the bathroom I noticed the curtain of the window blowing. I moved the curtain and saw that the window was open. I freaked out and ran to my husband and grabbed his arm. He looked at the window and confirmed that the same window we looked out of that was shut ten minutes ago was now open. We grabbed our bags and ran out of the room in our pajamas. Also the chandelier made a shadow on the wall that didn't look anything like the chandilier. It looked like three images of people with there arms up like they were about to attack us. Also when we sat in this room for about half an hour we noticed that the curtain of the other window kept sliding open about an inch every few minutes. And, while we sat in the room for and debated whether or not to stay here we heard doors opening and closing next door but when we looked out of the peephole we didn't see anything. However we heard woices of two men arguing. This was a very scary experience. I have read a lot of good reviews about the hotels new tower, which maybe true but I really feel that there is something freaky about the old tower and that we were not alone in this room. Whoever was in it with us wanted us to leave....  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>catelisa48
<Content>Great experience       Lobby Clock St. Francis  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>buddog245
<Content>Old Hotel is a Trip We typically do not stay in hotels like the Westin, St Francis. This is an old, old establishment. They refer to it as character. But what, no flat screen rv? Once you get over the lack of HD and adjust to the 1950's room design, it's actually very, very nice. The hotel is huge and you won't get a warm, personal feeling upon check-in. More an assemly-line treatment. But for its age (something like 80 years old), all holds up fairly well. There is a WIFI set-up in the entry way which is right next to Michael Mina, a 4-star restaurant. There are a few restaurants which we didn't try and all hotel ameneties that you'd expect. The gym was just okay and I was a bit upset that they charged extra for its use. The room was large and clean and the bed was very comfortable. I understand there is also a newer part or wing of the hotel. The location is good, right on Union Square and cabs are always available outside. All in all, a very nice hotel and good value.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gnasty71
<Content>Overall, excellent stay       Stained grout  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>dedle
<Content>Loved It I second the last review. Perfect hotel...stayed in the new tower on SPG floor. Lights in bathroom are not very bright, but no other issues. The staff were wonderful and the hotel was at full capacity. The hotel is in the middle of everything, which makes it perfect if you want to be surrounded by everything!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MOAP
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The hotel is beautiful. Our room was perfect and the beds were SO comfortable. Didn't miss a wink of sleep. The bathroom was roomy. The lights were a little dim in the bathroom but that was our only complaint. The service was excellent. Be sure to ask for a room in the tower as these are newer and more roomy. The glassed elevator will transport you up to your sleeping paradise. We will stay here on every trip back to San Francisco. It is also conveniently located to all of the stores and restaurants, all within easy walking distance. Perfecto!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckbethelady
<Content>San Francisco Treat! I love this hotel! We checked in and had wonderful service. We decided to upgrade to the tower. I love the glass elevators- great view. Our room was very nice,comfy, large, and the view was amazing!! I also loved the heavenly bed- so comfortable. We stayed here for 4 nights. The location is the best- in the middle of union square and shopping. The hotel is old but still looks great. When I think of San Francisco I think of this hotel- its part of San Francisco history. The service was the best.  This is one of the best hotels in the city! I would love to stay here again. We did use priceline and got very lucky. We paid $95 and 35 for our upgrade.  We stayed here with my 11 year old son and mom. They had there own room and loved it too! My son even knew how nice the hotel was and really liked staying there. He said this is the good life.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MusicMama
<Content>SF was even better because of the St. Francis We booked a very last minute reservation to San Francisco and selected the Westin St. Francis through Travelocity because of the combo price of airfare and hotel. We've stayed in numerous luxury hotels in the city and this one rates right up there with the best of them. To our surprise, it was a suite. We are not disabled, but the room was quite spacious and the bathroom was well equipped for someone who was. The location of this hotel is wonderful, you can't beat Union Square for shopping and theaters and a bustling nightlife. We especially loved being right on the cable car line. Their service personnel, including the doormen, the concierge and the front desk were professional and efficient. We highly recommend staying at the Westin St. Francis on your next trip to SF. As a side note, booking through Travelocity made this trip a breeze. We've booked in every possible way imaginable online, and I think Travelocity is one of the best. Their guarantee of a specific room type, non-smoking, all taxes and fees prepaid, made this trip even better. In our experience, this has not been true in the past of other online travel companies.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StephanieinOntario
<Content>Terrible experience We arrived for my husband medical conference. Flew from Ontario, Canada, and finally arrived at the Hotel at 10pm, exhausted.We waited in line for 20 plus minutes, then were given a  historic room. Hint ( RUN!) if they say that, as that means you get a room where the servents use to stay. It is a TINY room, and when you open the door, it hits the bed. The door won't open all the way. There is one small window, that looks smack onto a brick wall. The washroom is very old, and terrible. We paid top dollar for this room, so I immediately called to complain. We were told the Hotel was full. There was nothing they could do.The next day, we asked again. Stil no help. I even asked if we could stay at one of their sister hotels. No luck there. So we walked around S.F all morning, in search of another Hotel ourselves. No luck. Everything was booked for this medical conference.Finally that afternoon I asked for another room, again, and they were able to find us one. The second room was large, and quite pretty. Had a view. Still old and in need of renovation, but nothing at all like the first, and both rooms were the SAME PRICE. Imagine that?Then when we went to check-out they added another $20 telephone charge that we didn't use. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to get that sorted out. After a lot of talking, we managed to get it taken off of our bill.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelbug0110
<Content>Fading Jewel This USE to be a wonderful jewel. What is lacking is a long list! Did they forget how to train their staff on cleanliness of bathrooms? Can they have someone touch up all the scratches on the furniture in the room? When is the last time the carpet was even vacuumed? We were hungry at 10am, went to the lobby cafe and they were completely sold out of pastries so the staff directed us to the Oak Room. Stood there for 5 minutes and a bus boy, yelled across the room (with people eating there) we're closed...come back for lunch. What the heck is wrong with their customer service? I think this is Starwood right? They should have enough money to spend on improving the overall experience here I would hope... of all hotels, this landmark needs better attention a better reputation!!!! Listen up managment...you need to get more particular- and get your people trained!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KittyLosAngeles
<Content>It doesn't get any better than this Amazing from start to finish. Highly professional staff, beautiful rooms, spectacular views and best location. I honestly can't say enough good things about this hotel. When you are not concerned about money, there is no better place to stay in San Francisco. The heavenly bed is awesome!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sitwatkazmi
<Content>Disappointed Contrary to their marketing, advertisements and some people's reviews, I found it to be quite mediocre. The rooms are no different than a Best Western or a DoubleTree but costs a lot more...speaking of which...in a city thats making free internet access available to the entire city, this hotel charges $15/day for internet access...I mean Days Inn gives it away for free. Also, you pay extra to use the fitness center..(NO THANKS!!!). I have to say the staff is very polite and courteous. Concierge was very knowledgable and helped us out a great deal.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>lorac112
<Content>Great experience in the Westin St Francis       Golden Gate Bridge - on trip to Alcatraz  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arb59181
<Content>Fabulous Stay - EXCEPTIONAL service. This was one of the most inviting hotels I have ever been to. I booked my one night stay through hotwire for a killer rate ($119 per night) and therefore expected a middle of the road room. When we arrived to check in for the night, the gentleman at the check in counter was able to find us a King Size Deluxe room on the 28th floor (new section) with fantastic views of the Golden Gate bridge. We didn't even have to ask!The room was clean, comfortable, sleek and very large. I've stayed in many Westin hotels before and the beds are always a pleasure to rest your head in...this one did not disappoint. After coming from a beautiful rustic cabin in Big Sur the night before - the comfort and quality of the Heavenly bed was a welcome change!!I would highly recommend this hotel to a traveller visiting the San Fran area - just make sure you book in the new section!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hanuman09
<Content>not terrible The traditional rooms really need some help--very rough around the edges. The bed wasn't bad, but wasn't nearly as nice as the beds in other Westins I've visited. I'd give it a 2.5, but since that's not an option, had to go with a two.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LAtravelfan
<Content>Much better than expected We spent one Saturday night at the Westin SF on our way to Napa. I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised as the hotel was quite nice. It's a true 'grand' hotel which you don't see much nowadays. It has character and history and style, which is rare for such a big 'business oriented' hotel. our room was in the classic tower and we liked it...of course an incredibly comfy bed, but also had classic touches like old school door knobs, cool old mirrors etc. It was spacious enough and we had a great view of Union Square so was real fun to look at all the activity below. location is indeed unbeatable...we walked to a fun restaurant (Le Colonial) nearby and it's great to just be able to walk to places from the hotel since that clearly is one of the charms of San Francisco! Parking was fine, too. we called for our car ahead of time and when we came down 3 minutes later, it was waiting for us.only slight negative...gym is not so great. the only treadmills are in a seprate room right in front of a mirror. so you don't get to watch TV and have to stare at yourself while you run (not so fun)  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>elizp
<Content>dramatic location  After making a San Francisco hotel reservation through Hotwire 鈥?and paying just $125. -- I was excited to find I鈥檇 booked the St. Francis. Right on Union Square and flanked by Saks Fifth Avenue and Tiffany  Co. on one side and Macy鈥檚 on the other, there is no better hotel location (at least for shoppers  tourists) in The City. The entrance is a dramatic sweep through Michael Mina鈥檚 sleek  dimly lit waiting area, then up several burgundy-carpeted steps and into a grand lobby of black marble, deep mahogany, and cool crystal. On the seventh floor of the 鈥渃lassic building,鈥?both my room and its double-sized bed were small, and the window view of an alley nothing special, but the high ceiling, the crystal chandelier above the bed, and heavy wooden doors with glass knobs suggested an era when travel was solely for the gilded class. I mean, who else would care about 12-foot-tall voile satin drapes in puce? The experience of the site made me want to be Kim Novak in Hitchcock鈥檚 鈥淰ertigo.鈥?That said, there were many small glitches that culminated into a just-average stay: the absence of a cellphone charger near the desk鈥檚 dataport, the missing book of hotel services, the finicky and loud heating/cooling system, the out-of-order ice machine, the slow bathtub drain, and the insufficiently staffed valet. And I did not appreciate getting charged $4.25 for a mini-bar that I did not use. Maybe Westin thinks that the St. Francis鈥?location and historical significance can let the chain to get away with such sloppiness. Maybe Westin needs a reminder that the St. Francis is not the only Union Square hotel that offers retro charm and a skip-and-a-hop walk to Tiffany鈥檚 ;-)  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>pamoz
<Content>It was wonderful We stayed in a deluxe king on the 4th floor of the old section and it was just beautiful. We love the old pictures, woodwork and the old atmosphere. I paid a little more for the deluxe but it was well worth it. The room was very big, bathroom a little small but how much time do you spend in it. We enjoyed the view of Union Square. Our other family member stayed in the newer section on floor 25 but we loved our room and it was well worth it. They printed our boarding passes for us and everyone was very nice and helpful. We loved it and are ready to go again! I knew the double bed room would be way too small after reading. Trust me this room was well worth it!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karen_and_Aaron
<Content>Wonderful historic charm in a fantastic location!       Westin St. Francis Room 1008 Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lcosette
<Content>nice hotel with a few issues Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the westin st. francis. The pros: First of all, the hotel is beautiful, and historic. There is a starbucks in the lobby which is a plus, and I found the concierge to be very helpful. The beds are very comfortable, the other staff, in general, was nice, and the 2nd room I stayed in was very spacious. The hotel is also located in a great shopping area - union square, and it's easy to get to everything from there. Now, the cons: 1. I travelled with my mother (I was there for a conference), and when we got there we were told the room we had reserved would not be available until the following day. What's more, the only rooms they had that night were incredibly small and only had 1 double bed. So I had to share the bed with my mother, which I haven't done since I was little. We didn't unpack because the room was miniscule, but we had to re-check in the next day to get our new room key. The man who carried our bags was very kind, however, and sent up a free plate of cheese and crackers to our room. 2. The internet is $15.00 a day, which to me is overpriced. If you're lucky, you might be able to get free wireless from union square (although it is spotty).3. The elevators are incredibly slow.4. The woman at the bell hop station was not very nice the day we were checking out, and wanted to have our bags held until closer to our flight. We had a lot of bags (we had just been in Florida for the week before) and she eyed them disdainfully and sounded very insulted that we had so many. Additionally, we had to wait about 10 minutes before someone came to check our bags (and there was a long line behind us). The man who actually handled our bags, however, was incredibly nice.Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Westin St. Francis, but if I go to San Francisco again, I'll probably look for a different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>IVsystem
<Content>Good stay at Westin St Francis This is probably about our 5th time staying here, but first time to write a review. Rooms are good. Tower rooms are much larger than classical rooms in the main building, and higher floor rooms at the tower has one of the best views in town. Although classical rooms are smaller, they are nicely decorated, and has SF charm.Rooms here are a bit worn down compare to most Westin standards, but just can't beat the location. Only hotel right on U SQ.Service here is very random. Some front desk staffs are nice, some are just plain idiots, and I mean it. I would rate this hotel at least 4 star, but because of the spotty service, I am rating 3 star. Their business center is a joke. Staffs there are just clueless...If you know SF fairly well, and looking for a simple vacation in town, you might have a great stay here. But if you'll ever need to use their concierge or ask for anything at the front desk, there's a good chance you will be highly irritated. Bellman at the parking entrance (older gentleman who's been working there for years) is great. Very professional, and very accommodating.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	1	3	2	

<Author>Avenger
<Content>Writing from my room now... I'm writing this review from my room, paying the $15 a day for internet access. This is day 2 of a week long stay for business, and I'm already compelled to write a review. Pros- location, speed of check-in. Cons- 1. there were room service plates outside of my room from when I checked in until now as I type this. 2. As I showered last night- I heard someone trying to access my room. Luckily, I had bolted the door and moved the lock over- as I assume they had most likely been given the same room- they must have returned downstairs upon finding out they couldn't get in. 3. My room was clean, but definitely not pristine upon check-in. When I returned last night, it took me 20 minutes to get an elevator- I was among about 30 people waiting- there must have been a problem. 4. Walking down the hall to my room, I saw someone had thrown up on the carpet- and it still, as of now, has not been cleaned up. 5. I read on the Westin website that there was a gym in the hotel- but it didn't say I would have to pay $12 a day to use it!! Overall- I am so unimpressed with this hotel and can't believe I have another 5 days here.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	5	2	4	3	1	

<Author>jockk407
<Content>Beautiful hotel, fantastic location This is a beautiful old hotel. I was afraid I was going to be stuck in one of those tiny rooms by the elevators I keep reading about, but I was lucky, the late night front desk manager gave me a beautiful room in the main building facing union square. The room was spacious, the ammenities very nice, comfortable and clean. I was also worried the rooms would be noisy, as hallway noise is a pet peeve of mine, but again I was surprised. Perhaps one of the smaller rooms might have this problem, but my room was nice and quiet.Room service was overpriced of course, but that's just about every hotel, and I am pleased to say the food was good. The location can't be beat if you want to be in the heart of everything, and here you are right on Union Square. There are a few issues, which are very typical of Starwood properties...a company that runs some great hotels but also needs to quit with the nickle and diming and find a way to incorporate some unnecessary charges into the room cost. As is usual with Starwood, they charge something like 15 dollars a day just for internet service, which is outrageous when u consider that Hilton, Marriott, etc generally offer thi for free for guests. It's also not cool to charge 10 bucks a day for use of the hotel gym, this should be free for guests. Parking is ridiculous as well, but that's typical of SF in general, and I didn't drive a car anyway so no big deal.Overall though this is one of the best places to stay in the city  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tamsjoi
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location, but Overpriced We booked this hotel through Hotwire and paid $127 for the night. I would suggest that if you live in the area, not to drive your car into the city. The parking fee is outrageous ($55.00 per night) and the valet service is horrible. Both times we need to check our car out, we waited for 20 minutes. The valets definitely do not move like they have a purpose. When we decide to do another overnight stay in the city, we will definitely come in on BART and then use other forms of public transportation or taxis.The Front Desk staff was very nice upon check-in and gave us a room with two double beds. For the price that you pay, you would expect your room to come with a larger bed, but we did not feel like paying more money for another room upgrade. The room was tastefully appointed, but small. It reminded me of the smaller size of hotel rooms that I have stayed in across Europe. Our room was immacualte and the bathroom was very nice. the Heavenly beds and comforters are excellent, so it kind of made up for the small beds. Our view (if that is what you can call it) looked inwardly over some courtyard/alley and directly at the tower across from us. However, if we looked to the left we saw a corner of Union Square and gazed upon The Cheesacake Factory atop Macy's.The restaurant food is overpriced and not that wonderful. We have many favorite restaurants in the city, so I would recommend travelers to venture out into the city for more fabulous and better priced food. All in all, it was an average hotel stay. Having spent time at various other Westin establishments throughout my traveling experiences, I expected more from this hotel so that was kind of a downer. However, the location of this hotel is fantatstic and is probably why the hotel can charge such exorbitant rates.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	2	5	

<Author>HelloThereAgain
<Content>Can't Go Wrong Here We enjoy visiting the city of San Francisco as much as any other and the Westin St. Francis, one of the city's grand dames, is a perfect fit.For such a huge property with so many guests, the hotel handles its affairs quite smoothly. Check in is easy, special requests are honored quickly, housekeeping is efficient, supervisors are present to assist, and the concierge desk is generally able to attend to the needs of patrons. Even a hotel operator, who could not locate the concierge for us one evening by telephone, offered to assist us and took the time to contact a restaurant for a reservation.The lobby is done up nicely with marble floors, sitting areas, and a small shopping arcade. The room we were given was on the 10th floor in the old building, and was a model of beauty with wood molding, blue and gold colors, matching carpet, elegant window treatments, and the so-called heavenly beds and linens (which lived up to their names). The room was fairly quiet though some noise filtered in occasionally. The bathroom was relatively basic. We relished the location on--not near--Union Square. It is so close to everything, be it public transportation, restaurants, diners, shopping, sightseeing, theaters, bars, clubs, China town, Market Street, BART, the financial district, Union Square itself (which was hosting a free concert) that we felt we were in the center of all the action. Rooms rates are variable so it pays to check around and compare.All in all, we were quite pleased with this property.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TVTravel
<Content>A grand classic with a new twist The Westin St. Francis is one of the grand old hotels that has kept up with the times without sacrificing its old feeling. It is perfectly situated right on Union Square. Of course that also means taxi horns to lull you to sleep if you get a room fronting on Powell Street. I've previously stayed in rooms in the old section of the hotel and found them dark, noisy, and small. This time we opted for room in the newer addition and found it more in line with my expectations of a Westin. This blending of the classic old lobby, restaurants and bar, with the newer bigger and nicer room worked perfectly, although initially it almost seemed like heresy not to stay in the original older building.Westin was the first chain to adopt a deluxe signature bed and their Heavenly Bed is so nice I bought one for my home bedroom. The bathroom was recently updated with new fixtures. Our room had a wonderful view stretching from Nob Hill to the Bay Bridge. Ask for a higher floor if view is important to you.The more expensive a hotel is, the more likely they'll charge for things like internet access that are free in lesser hotels. I'd really like an explanation of this principal, because it comes across as nickle and diming their customers, trying to grab every cent of potential additional profit. Westin as a chain apparently encourages this and I wasn't at all surprised that the St. Francis wanted $20 a day for internet access.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>civita
<Content>great stay perfect stay. would stay again in a minute. had a great steak dinner at harris' and wonderful cocktails and dancing at the top of the mark afterwards. great evening.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnnyokim
<Content>Review from a former SF local Great location if you want to go shopping. Which was actually our plan for this particular trip. Its right on Union Sqare. However if you're planning on doing more in SF, like go out, then this isn't the place for you. I lived in SF for 8 years so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. Really close to the St. Francis though is the Clift hotel. Also expensive like the St. Francis. However the Clift is in my opinion the better property as its closer to places you'd like to go out, close enough to shopping, and has a great bar within it as well.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>howniceinhouston
<Content>Location, location, location We just returned from a fabulous trip to San Francisco and stayed at the Westin St. Francis on Union Square. Pros and cons to this property. . .they bill themselves as a 5 star hotel and yet there were some basic problems with our room/stay that told a different story. We stayed on the 17th floor of the new tower and LOVED the speed and ease of elevator service. However, the room itself was very bland/boring/empty. Peeling wallpaper on one of the walls, tub caulking coming out and the tub itself was not very clean. Very basic amenities in the bathroom also. The air conditioning didn't seem up to the task of keeping the room cool. . .very stuffy the whole time we were there. The ice machine on our floor was broken throughout our stay so we had to take the elevator up or down one floor to get ice. None of this was totally horrible, just a bit disappointing for the price you are paying for this hotel. What you are paying for though is the excellent location in the city. We were hardly in the room because we were exploring the city from this great location on Union Square. One of the highlights of the trip was our breakfasts. . . HIGHLY recommend the Sears Fine Food restaurant, just a block from the hotel on Powell. Long lines move quickly and the Swedish pancakes are worth the wait! Also good is Max's, which is around the corner from the hotel also. NIcer atmosphere. . .excellent omelets. Great restaurant for lunch is Roxanne's Cafe. . .up the hill on Powell. Enjoy San Fran!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Lil_Moe
<Content>A landmark hotel in the Square that is not so square. The Westin St. Francis is everything a grand old hotel should be. It has an extravagant lobby with ornate furnishings and architechture. It has lavishly furnished rooms, albeit small ones. It has informative and helpful staff. Top this all off with Its premier location in Union Square, which is a hub for shopping and site seeing... and you have an ideal hotel for a romantic trip to San Francisco. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the best hotel in San Francisco. It is however affordable and one of my favorite hotels to date. If you decide to book at the Westin St. Francis, you have a choice in room style. If you are like us, and enjoy the ambiance provided by a historical room, equipped with period furnishings, then you will want to stay in the old part of the hotel. If you want a larger suite with varying views of the city and Westin's signature heavenly bed and stardard accompanying furniture pieces... then choose to stay in the newer section. From the footsteps of hotel's front entryway you can catch an iconic San Francisco trolley car to all of the major sites. If you choose to stay indoors, the hotel has a wonderful bar and restaurant, including several shops. They even have a tea time to partake in delicious cakes and deserts and tea in the lobby area bar. I don't think you can be disappointed with this hotel. The staff will go out of there way to make sure of that.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newyorkanya
<Content>Crazy Busy but Centrally Located As you can tell from my headline, this is not an intimate little boutique hotel. The staff are very helpful and cheery considering what a zoo it is. Indeed, the hotel was fully booked the nights we were there and the lobby was like Grand Central station. Because we got there late afternoon, we ended up in rooms next to the elevator (these end in 24) in the old building. It was a bit noisy when the elevators opened up in the morning but the staff agreed to move us to the newer tower which was quieter. Also, it's almost impossible to get a bell boy because it so hectic. So if you want to bring your luggage down, check out or speak to the concierge try to do it at off hours.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>racerdog
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Gorgeous Rooms       Room 1  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rebekajean
<Content>Great location, enjoyed the experience My adult daughter and I stayed for one night, used my accrued Westin Hotel rewards points so the room was no charge, in a double queen room for the disabled, although we are not. It was the first time I have stayed in one of the older historic hotels in San Francisco. The room was large, well furnished, the beds comfortable, the view was of the alley (Ugh) but we were there only to sleep and spent our waking hours on the town. The trolley ($5.00 each person, each way) was across the street and there were several reasonable local breakfast eateries in the area. The draw backs were the hotel parking ($54.00 per night) although there was parking down the street for about $30.00 but far less convenient when you have several suitcases to haul. The room was warm and the a/c didn't cool it down, but we opened the window and slept fine. It was a bit noisy in the halls but it was quiet after 11:00 p.m. I thought the place looked a bit ghostly, definitely older decor and the place could have used some updating but it had everything needed in the bathroom and bedroom. It reminded me of a haunted hotel I stayed in a few years back but we didn鈥檛 hear any spooky noises. The lobby and the halls were beautiful, check-in and check-out went smooth and the staff was friendly  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>brianhh
<Content>Beautiful hotel, perfect location, friendly staff We enjoyed our stay at the St. Francis. The location, right on Union Square, was fantastic. We were able to walk to a Giants game at ATT park, took the cable car from Fisherman's wharf to right outside the hotel, and we had a tremendous variety of restaurants and stores within walking distance. It was also surprisingly easy to drive in and out of the area. The valets were very friendly, a good thing considering the extremely steep ($40 a night) parking fee. The room was what you'd expect from a Westin. If you've stayed in a Westin before, you know that's a good thing. Comfortable bed, pleasant decor, great shower. We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants, nor did we order room service, so I can't comment on the food. We had a bad experience our first night, as the fire alarm went off at 3 in the morning. After being jolted awake, we waited a little bit, and though the blaring alarm went off, it was followed up by a recording instructing us to evacuate. After the second time this played we decided to play it safe and leave. 17 flights of stairs later, we ended up back in the lobby to hear some firefighters saying we could go back up. It wasn't fun. When I checked out, I asked the clerk about this, and she comp'ed our room for that night. It would have been nice to not have to mention it, but all I had to do was mention it, I didn't have to actually ask for anything.We would definitely stay at the St. Francis again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aafolk
<Content>Perfect Location I stayed at the Westin St. Francis recently to attend a conference held in the hotel.My corporate travel agent booked the room at the conference rate of $199/night. The room very tiny, in the old part of the hotel. It had no view, only a window looking out into an internal courtyard. The travel agent did indicate to me that the room was designed for one person, and he was accurate. That being said, the room was extremely comfortable, with a lovely, updated all-marble bath and a terrific shower. It was very quiet - no hallway or elevator noise whatsoever. I barely spent any time in the room, so it was perfectly adequate for my purposes. I could easily access the meeting facilities. I particularly enjoyed a 30-minute documentary on the hotel television channel that gave a history of the hotel's illustrious past and some of its famous visitors. Presidents, royalty and movie stars, y'all!My only interaction with the hotel staff was at check-in and -out, but they were extremely pleasant. At check-in, there was a line of 10-12 folks, and a staff member walked up and down the line, giving out bottles of water and visiting with everyone, telling them about the hotel and its amenities. Nice touch. The check-in agent warned me that even touching the mini-bar would incur a charge, and I appreciated that bit of info so I wouldn't be unpleasantly surprised. Check-out went smoothly - I had to divide the charge between a personal and a business credit card, and that was easily accomplished.Now - for the best part - LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! For a first-time traveler to San Francisco, the Union Square location could not be beat. We used public transportation to travel about, and Chinatown is within easy walking distance. We don't have Tiffany's, Prada or Chanel across the street here in Columbia, SC, so I certainly enjoyed some upscale window shopping in my spare time.Overall, an excellent experience.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cooldy
<Content>Excellen location, Great Service, Great Room       View of Union Square from room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mikruli
<Content>Loved It- Kid Friendly We spent two nights at the St. Francis after booking through Hotwire.com. We were in San Francisco for the Fourth of July holiday. Don't know if it was a slow time or the staff was just extra friendly, but as soon as we checked in, we were upgraded to a corner room in the Tower Building. The room was fantastic! We had our four-month-old baby with us, so we requested a refrigerator and microwave. They were brought to the room at no extra charge.Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We were extremely impressed.My wife is VERY picky about cleanliness. She was impressed with the room, so that should tell you something!Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BillRCalifornia
<Content>Well Past its Prime This hotel is clearly relying on its location and the Westin reputation. It's overpriced and the quality of the rooms and the level of service are greatly inferior to what you'd expect. I stayed here for a week and was placed in the historic older section of the hotel. Although updated in some respects, the decor and fixtures in my room were outdated. There was also considerable street noise (my room was on the fifth floor) that continued late into the night. Staying here is not a relaxing or restful experience. There is a lot of activity in the lobby and the halls virtually 24 hours a day. There are much better choices at this price level in downtown San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Mar1mor
<Content>Great Stay, Great Location We had cancelled a reservation at another hotel, so we booked last-minute through Priceline. We paid $110.00 a night. We had emailed the hotel about clearing the minibar and possibly upgrading the room to one with two queen beds. We were offered an upgrade to from the base room for $30.00, or $60.00 for a deluxe room. I requested the $30.00 upgrade. Check In: The front desk people were very helpful. I asked about the minibar and was told upfront that there would be charges if anything was moved. The front desk person, I think her name was Priscilla, offered to have a refridgerator brought up to our room for our beverages. An employee brought the refridgerator not five minutes after we got to the room. The doorman had a little scuffle with our Towncar driver, but no other front desk issues. The lobby is very nice and spacious.Location: The hotel opens to Union Square, which is a great people-watching spot. It is in walking distance to lots of shopping. The cable car is nearby. Next time we go we will get the Muni pass, since traveling in San Fran is very expensive. Riding the cable car costs $5.00 each way.Room: We got a beautiful room (592) in the tower section. It faced out onto a busy street, so there was noise throughout the night because of ambulances, delivery trucks, etc., but that is something to be expected in an outward facing room. We only heard the people next door a few times, so we either had a quiet room or quiet neighbors. The bathroom was modern and spacious. The shower had double heads and plenty of water pressure. The beds are nice, but nothing too special. The comforters and bedding are comfortable, but the mattress was a little to firm for my taste. I am very picky about hotel cleanliness, and this room, including the bathroom was very clean. The only housekeeping issue I had was the vent above the shower. It was dirty.The in-room Starbucks coffee and tea was a nice touch. Since we were traveling with our daughter, It would have been nice to have had hot chocolate in addition to the coffee and tea. The single cup coffee maker was neat. We ordered room service twice, both times food was good and delivered promptly.The only suggestions for the hotel, in addition to adding hot chocolate to the coffee bar, would be that they have more small room amenities, such as Q-tips, shower caps, and mending kits, though I am sure they would have brought these things if requested.Overall it is a really nice hotel, and was a great hotel for the price we paid.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cali_Cal
<Content>Mix of old  Considering the deal we got on this hotel on Hotwire, I'd say it was great! I appreciated the heavenly beds and modern comforts while the hotel still had some old charm. Our room was quite small and had a view of a wall, but that was fine considering the bargain. All in all it was a nice one-night stay in a convenient location to walk to several restaurants/clubs. I would stay again if the price is right.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Binkette
<Content>we like the St Francis This is a lovely hotel with a sense ot charm and history. However it is a bit dated in places, (corridors and rooms), however it is really in a great location, right overlooking Union Square, right in the midst of it all, and close to shops, restaurants etc. we were on our honey moon so they gave us a special room which was really quite big and nicely furnished. the champagne mojitos in the bar were pretty excellent too.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>newyorker07
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We just returned from SF. Overall, I'd say it was a great hotel and I wouldn't hesitate recommending it to anyone. The people were friendly and professional. The signature Westin heavenly beds were fabulous. A good night's sleep shouldn't be taken for granted especially when you're on vacation. The double shower head is a great feature that I haven't seen or experienced at any other hotel.  After reading the previous reviews, I now understand why the comments were so varied. I'd like like to clarify a few things.1) The Westin St. Francis is essentially two hotels in one. Even the elevator banks are on separate sides of the Lobby. The historic building (facing Powell St.) has it's original layout and it's decor is traditional. The new tower that was added in 1972 is totally modern. Especially the elevators, which are high speed and are on the outside of the building. The furnishings and room proportions are also modern.  Coming from NYC, we loved the architectural design of the older building. The lobby was gorgeous with it's intricate floral woodwork in its high ceilings. It also has the signature details of a pre-war building, with high ceilings, crown moulding and wide hallways.2) I'd like to remind everyone of the old adage - you get what you pay for. In the Westin St. Francis, there are several different levels of rooms ranging from Standard to Ultra-Deluxe. If you're booking the room through priceline, expedia, etc..., don't expect a fabulously large room with a view! We booked our room through Expedia so we were given a standard room in the historic building. However, they did offer us the option to upgrade to a larger room for $35 and/or a room with a view also for $35. We declined since we were not going to be in our room most of the time. 3) Location, location, location. It doesn't get any more convenient than this. We had every mode of transportation available to us. The cable car literally ran right in front of the hotel. We took the BART from the airport. We also rented a car for a day from Hertz a block away. Everything we needed was within walking distance.Now the cons. Very recently I stayed at the Westin Cancun and I can understand how people feel when they say the Westin St. Francis looks somewhat worn and in need of a renovation. I am speaking only of the standard rooms in the original historic main building and not of the rooms in the new tower. The room was clean and tidy but the furniture was looking as though it had seen better days.   Also a bit of advice, don't move anything in or out of their mini bar to put in your own drinks or food because you will be charged regardless if you put it back later or if you just moved it elsewhere in the fridge. We discovered this the hard way. Since we did an express check out, we weren't aware they charged us for something we didn't drink. My husband moved a beer in order to put in some leftovers. We noticed it on our bill after we were back in NY. Don't park your car here. It's up to $49 plus tax/night. That's why we rented a car for a day and returned it on the same day. If you must drive, consider parking it in the municipal lots a few blocks away.  The Westin St. Francis lives up to the Westin reputation and it lived up to our expectations. If we return to SF, we'd definitely chose the Westin St. Francis again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelDealer
<Content>Good Hotel, Phenomenal Location I stayed here at the end of March 07 for a bridal shower. I'm an SPG (Starwood Preferred Guest) member so booked through their website. I indicated that two of my friends had never been to San Francisco and asked if we could have a room with a view. When we checked in, we got just that! We were on the 27th floor with a full view of San Francisco facing out toward the Golden Gate Bridge. It was incredible. About the room - There were 3 of us girls in one room and we had plenty of space for all of our luggage and purchases. The bathroom was also a decent size but only large enough for two of us to be getting ready in there at once... There was a desk in the room and full closets. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The room was perfect for folks who want to see SF and aren't planning on just hanging around the room. The overall location of the hotel was also great! Tons and tons of shopping and restaurants in vicinity of Union Square. Some downsides of the hotel: The internet was shockingly expensive. Also, when I checked in (at approx 2PM) there was only 1 concierge working. By the time I got to the desk, there were at least 5 people waiting in line behind me. The overall feel of the hotel was rather classic. That is, maybe for an older generation. It wasn't a hip place to hang out... Fancy might be the best word. If your parents want to go to San Francisco, I would recomennd this place. If you're looking for a cool hotel with a modern atmosphere, I'd look to some of the other hotels on the square...  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	1	

<Author>Reviewer10
<Content>Great Option for San Francisco Booked on Hotwire for $129/night for a Fri/Sat night stay. I was a little concerned because there was no way I was going to stay in a closet room with a double bed and a view of a brick wall, and all rooms booked on Hotwire/Priceline are given this type of room. But, you do pay about $100 less per night using Hotwire if you can upgrade your room at the hotel to a tower room (AAA rate for a tower room is $230/night).I have never had problems with check-in people at hotels because I don't treat them like they automatically owe me something. Upon our check-in, I was nice to the girl checking us in, made a little small talk, offered a little humility saying, I know I booked this on Hotwire, but if there's anything you can do.... Sure enough, she just gave me the upgraded room in the new tower. Didn't have to pay an extra dime for a king room on a lower floor with a view of Mason Street. I think usually it's $35/night if available, which you still would be saving $65/night by booking on Hotwire. The tower rooms are well equipped and nice. Beds were super comfy as per Westin standards, room was quiet (of course there was street noise, but you're in the heart of Union Square, not a B and B in the country.)The shower was probably the best part about the room. Overall it wascomfortable, clean, and very contemporary. The hotel itself mixed contemporary with a classical feel, which I thought was very unique.The concierge desk was super helpful too. The guys working there seem to be on top of their job. They got me dinner reservations and mapped some stuff out for me in the city.The parking was a bit outrageous, but I knew that going in, so I parked around the corner for $28/day instead of the hotel's $54/day. There are about 3 garages that were within a block of the hotel -- worth the 200 foot walk if you ask me. These garages do not have in/out priveleges like the hotel, but if you are only staying in the city, there is absolutely no need to use your car -- nor is there parking anywhere else in the city that is free anyway.I go to SF every now and then, and this Westin gets a good mark for location, comfort, and value. Good for groups, and good for couples, too. Its a fun place -- the lobby bar is always crowded and Michael Mina is a top rated SF restaurant located in the hotel that had some terrific appetizers and drinks.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ilovetotravel24
<Content>Nice, but needs some improvements I read on their website that the hotel went through an upgrade in 2005, but their bathrooms looked like it could use an upgrade. I'm thinking that the room that I got may be a room that has not gone through an upgrade. I've noticed that some hotels will say they went through an upgrade, but they've only upgraded some of the rooms. The bathrooms looked a little outdated and could use a rennovation. I'm a Gold Starwood Preferred member, and the look of the Westin at St. Francis is not the same as most Westin hotels. The theme of the hotel is more of an older style and not modern contemporary. Overall, the rooms are very nice and spatious, the lobby and restaurants are inviting and fun, but the bathrooms could use some updating.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>plumtraveler
<Content>Wonderful Stay I booked through Priceline ($100), so I was a little worried that I would get a shabby/small/dark room. I called ahead to ask for a room in the Tower, preferably as high up as possible. No problem. I got an upgrade for a 15th floor room with a partial view. Only $35 for both nights. It was great! Every bit of Four Stars. We drove, and it's tricky to park your car in that area, but if you're clever, and you can read SF parking signs REALLY WELL, you can park on the street. The second night we parked way up on Nob Hill and walked back down to the hotel. In all, I was glad I hadn't booked into one of the zillions of 3-star hotels in the Union Square area. We got a much more luxurious room - it was large, and the bed was amazing - than we would have at one of the smaller hotels in the area.Last but not least, our service was spectacular! Polite, fast, and warm. I agree with whoever said some people are just cranky, and they elicit matching responses from the staff.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>LAPlatinum
<Content>Sorely Disappointed With Its Demise Let me begin by saying that I have been staying at this hotel since I was a child, and this means I have seen it go through many iterations for over 45 years. This most recent stay was so utterly disappointing, I simply do not know where to begin. The recently refurbished lobby on the Union Square side has become this odd assemblage of Art Deco-like seating which one has to wind around just to get through. It takes some time to recognize that this is the hotel bar! Prior to this strange transformation, the bar was the lovely Compass Rose, which now houses a restaurant. The lovely jewelry store on the right was going out of business, and other shops that were a delight over the years no longer exist. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest, so check-in is never a problem anywhere in the world, and is still fine at St. Francis. The particular evening I was there, the lines to get up the tower to my room were extraordinary, and the wait excessive. I will say that the rooms are still decent and the beds comfortable, but there is something that has simply gotten lost overall: the sense of a bygone era, of attention to detail, of feeling that the individual matters. I am so sorry to see the demise of a crown jewel of San Francisco and reluctantly am going to stay elsewhere on my return to the City.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	4	2	2	

<Author>Englishman1975
<Content>Paying for the Pomp I have stayed in a lot of five star establishments in my time and the Westin had the flavor but was somewhat lacking in the execution. Upon arriving I witnessed a heated argument between a cab driver and an employee with the Westin Bell Boy shouting Don't you touch my f****** cart, I don't touch your cab ..... I guess he was protecting his tip but frankly it was the kind of welcome that in itself would put me off and as he ranted about his Five Star Hotel while trying to convince me to let him carry his bags all I wanted was for him to go away. I wouldn't voluntarily give my hard earned cash in the form of tips or anything else to such a rude, uncouth and salty individual and he certainly should not be employed at a Hotel ... he might make a decent bouncer. Apart from the initial poor greeting everything else was on par. The hotel is in a good location, the interior was clean and had all the trappings of a good hotel. The staff where extremely helpful, informative and useful. The room itself was somewhat lacking while in no way bad. A bed, a TV and a small desk -- it didn't feel much different from your bog standard Hyatt.For $300 a night? its relative - you are going to pay through the nose in SF regardless, I think I'd be inclined to look around next time I was in town but would have little objection to staying here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>missourigirl127
<Content>very nice The Westin St. Francis is a nice place for the price you pay, but there are some downfalls to that price as well.I was immediately irritated with the guy that unloads suitcases from the car, he was a very arrogant European man that continually reminded arrivers that they were staying at a 5-star hotel, but there was nothing 5-star about him. He was very abrasive and quite rude to some of the arrivers.The people in the lobby were friendly as we stood in the queue to check-in, but they were very fake friendly, and more irritating than anything.Our room was very spacious and clean and the bed was very, very comfortable. The room had everything that we needed to feel at home during our stay. My favorite part was the dual shower-head, making it a great shower experience with twice the HOT water available. Another thing that I really disliked was the availability of breakfast. The hotel offers a $20-something breakfast buffet in one of the restaurants. Personally, I find nothing appealing about paying that much money for a big spoonful of eggs out of a vat. There are several diners close to the hotel that offer a much better breakfast for nowhere near the cost. I traveled to this place with my boyfriend on a work trip, so we didn't foot the bill, but if I had the money to spend on this place myself, I'm not sure I'd go to the expense. If you have the money to spend, it's worth it.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>willemagrippa
<Content>Bastion of old San Francisco Can't understand what the fuss regarding hotel staff is all about...I suspect some folks are very difficult to please. Our experience was excellent from the moment we arrived. The main lobby and parlor are exquisitely furnished, balancing the old world feel of a bygone era with slick modern design and lighting. The public areas are elegantly decorated with redwood bonsais and orchid blossoms in crystal cylinders. WIth high backed settees and deep club chairs the feel is rather hushed and decidedly unhurried, which is such a treat to escape into from the bustle of Union Square just outside.We found we could not be upgraded as is our custom because the hotel was hosting a massive contingent of Prom revelers, yet the registration clerk Alexandra, was ever so accommodating in dealing with our disappointment.  Our room in the new tower was spacious with an interesting view of the Starlight Room across the way. When the fog cleared the view extended out to the bay and beyond. Bathroom vanity was enormous with plenty of counter space for mine and my sister's mountain of make-up, hair equipment and assorted toiletries...and large enough for the two of us to primp together without causing a scuffle. We needed extra towels, wine glasses, pillows, etc and all were whisked up to us within minutes of our contacting housekeeping...and very cheerfully delivered as well.Plenty of room, period... great seating area around desk and roomy closets with plenty of hangers.Two quibbles: the T.V. located in the room's armoire...ridiculously small in this day and age, and the mini bar with obnoxious notice warning guests not to store personal items in fridge lest being charged for items removed. We ignored this and chilled our champagne and O.J. and were billed for the items misplaced. This was resolved at check-out however. Still, this practice is irritating.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Global_Traveller037
<Content>Terrible Experience at the Westin Shabby Property. Incompetent, uncooperative and worthless staff.Stayed there for four nights. The first room had an airconditioning problem. Asked the front desk to fix it. Two hours went by nothing was done. Went down to talk to the front desk to see what was taking them so long. The front desk personnel was absolutely. Her answer was she had put in a word for an engineer to take a look into the air conditioning problem and therefore has done her job. It is not her problem any more. As I raised my voice, magically she found another room. This room, same as the one before had its airconditioning working. The shower in this room leaked continuosly next day. Further calls to the front desk did not do any good. Absolute incompetence.On my last day, I found several items added to my bill from the bar which were incorrect. I had to again raise by voice to correct the items. Overall very bad experience at this Westin property. I have stayed in other Westin and Starwood properties around the world and had wonderful experiences. This property seem to have fallen through their cracks. I will certainly stay at a different hotel the next time I am in San francisco.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Great location and lovely room We checked in around noon and was given a room key immediately. The ride on the elevator and the hallway to our room was a bit worrisome as it was definitively old. However, as soon as we opened the door, our concerns was washed away. Our king bed room was larger than the usual San Francisco hotel's room with a great view right out to the busy Union Square. Aside from the usual bed and tables we also have a lounge reading chair. The Heavenly Bed is my favorite hotel bed, just enough layers to make me snooze right away.The bathroom was large and comfortable fitting 2 persons easily. The usual Heavenly bath products are well stocked and presented nicely.The location of this hotel is superb. It is also great if you want to catch a cable car as the stop in front of the St-Francis almost always have spaces (The cable car always left the Union Square station with a few empty seats so they can pick up other passengers along the way). We had a good time in this place considering the price that we paid for.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>MiamiGirl79
<Content>Best elevator in San Francisco My boyfriend and I stayed at the St. Francis for 6 nights in the middle of April, on our way home from a wonderful Pacific extravaganza (including LA, Honolulu, Kyoto, Hakone and Tokyo). My first impression was that I thought the lobby was beautiful. I loved the ornate Victorian style, the furniture, the chandeliers, etc. The photos of all the famous people who have stayed their over the years were cool. Our room was in the tower building, and although we missed out on the more old-fashioned guest rooms............the glass elevator ride was a really fun part of our stay there. We were on the 30th floor, and there was always music when we got in......sometimes a Hitchcock theme, sometimes flamenco or jazz, but it alsways seemed to go with the ride! And wow, is it fast! The views of the city are amazing, but the speed of the ride when you can shoot straight down to the lobby with no stopping was awesome.Our room was fine, nothing to really write home about. The heavenly bed I'd heard so much about wasn't as heavenly as I hoped. The bathroom was large, but the shower pressure was a bit weak, even though they tried to jazz it up and give it a second head. Also, the curtain didn't really extend all the way across the whole shower space, which made for a bit of a mess. I might be a little harsh in my review on the bathroom though; we'd just gotten back to America from Japan, and the bathroom couldn't possible compete with the futuristic toilets in Tokyo!Our view was lovely, of Union Square, the Coit Tower and the bay. And the location of the hotel itself was excellent - there was a line of cabs always at the main entrance, the cable car turnaround is right down the road, every major department store known to man is right there! There are a few late night diner options nearby, too.......oh, and an excellent wine bar nearby called First Crush. Really cool place.I would definitely recommend this hotel........San Francisco was a fantastic city, and the St. Francis couldn't have been a better home base for us.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bonviv89
<Content>Nice stay at the St. Francis               More photos  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnstorey
<Content>what a disapointment This hotel goes out of its way to make sure people do not return. Over priced slovenly appearance, shabby in places and many staff who do not appear to understand to easiest request.First room was like a rabbit hutch and smelly with paper peeling off wall.Up graded for a fee to a better room which was satisfactory but still badly in need of redecoration.No real sign of management at any time. A great let down after so much looking forward.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>bigapplered
<Content>New tower and renovated rooms are great       View looking east - Coit Tower and TransAmerica Tower  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>gleddy
<Content>Customer service does not exist here... Pay lots of money for a room in a killer location but don't expect any kind of decent customer service at this hotel.I have been here almost a week for work and they just consistently try to make things hard for me.Charging me for stuff I don't touch in the mini-bar, extra charges for internet (7 days worth for 5 days), can't answer my questions when I call front desk... and all with a bit of attitude as if they don't really want to be bothered helping at all.Is it because of the reputation of this hotel? It's booked out and popular, that's for sure... so maybe they don't have to try anymore?Westin is synonymous with poor quality and bad attitude for me... and I will make sure I avoid them from now on in any city.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>chezza77
<Content>blah staff it's a nice looking hotel but the staff are completely dreadful, especially when you are paying $300 a night. Everything is an add-on, you need to pay $12 to use the gym, breakfast is about $20, a coffee is $4... the front desk staff are completely useless and unhelpful.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	1	1	1	

<Author>colmirl
<Content>Great...but it could all depend!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Ettiquette
<Content>Beauty is skin deep............. While an impressive looking property in a wonderful location, the room was small, stuffy, clean in a cursory sense only, and stuck off a back stairwell. The view was of a brick wall, which is to say there wasn't one. The concierge was polite and helpful.Other front of house personnel seemed stressed, disinterested, or otherwise occupied rather than focused on genuine guest service and courtesy.The doorman reprimanded me for hailing my own cab while he tended to other guests. He explained it was ...his job to get the cabs, that's how we do it here.... I found his attitude and manner toward a guest of his hotel less than acceptable. Given the look and professed grandeur of the hotel, I expected more in the way of service, room amenities, and front of house courtesy. With the other options available in the Union Square area, my future SF travel plans will not include the Westin St. Francis.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OliverKrog
<Content>Very nice hotel, if not for poor sound insulation I stayed in the old building. The bed was the most comfortable I ever experienced at any hotel I stayed in the past, and I would sleep like a baby if not for my neighbour who was on the phone all night. The sound insulation is so poor that I could hear every little detial of his conversation, including details of his flight resrvation changes to Miami (at 2:40 am!) and excitement (clapping his hands) about some technical issues resolution in his back office (at 4:00 am, must be different time zone).A tip: my colleague who stayed at this hotel with me enquired at check in time if they have a gym nearby, and they offered him a complementary room equipped with a treadmill. The added bonus was that the room was like 3 times bigger than standard (which is very small, like 4 by 4 steps). Apparently this benefit is open to every guest, as long as they did not run out of those rooms.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>frednuff
<Content>Acceptable (just) Had a room in the tower for 4 days. Corridors are gloomy and run down. Room was better but nothing to shout about. Saving grace is location. Next time I will look for somewhere else to stay.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huntingtonbeach1
<Content>Went Above and Beyond!!  After reading the reviews, I wasn't sure I stayed in the same hotel. Started at checkin : could have checked in at 3:30 but desk clerk said if I could wait for about 30 min. I could get as higher room in the tower at the same price. She gave us each a coupon for a latte or capucino? at the coffee bar. Awesome so far. Went to the room and had a vw of GG bridge, Mark Hopkins, Coit Tower . and Bay. Others have mentioned the perfect location in Union Sq, Cable Car, Shopping, Close to Sears (breakfast), Dottie's True Blue Cafe on Jones (breakfast), Scalas (dinner), Scomas (dinner), etc BUT at check out when the Valet went to get our car he heard a thuid in our back storage area so when he stopped to check and opened the SUV back hatch, one of the expensive wines I had bought in the wine country fell out and broke . He told me what happened and offered to make up for it in some way. I told him the bottle cost $40-$45, so he talked to his boss and came back with an offer to make it up by crediting our bill. I just got my AM Exp statement and he credited me allright. In fact he credited me for the entire 3 nites we spent there ($153.90). N-I-C-E!!!! What an honorable and far more extravagant than I had expected. You'll love the StFrrancis. The cocktail/latte area in the lobby is excellent, as well as the super courtesy of the staff and our room was clean, good vw, etc.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>E.S.B.Statesboro
<Content>Memories that will last! After months of research and obsessing over which hotel to book for our 15 yr. annversary trip, we chose the Westin St. Francis. We could not have been more thrilled! What a beautiful hotel. We stayed in a Grandview room in the newer tower rooms. To die for beds, awesome views and great room service. We ordered room service one evening and was delivered quickly and was DELICIOUS. For breakfast one morning, we ordered from the menu that you leave on your doorknob the night before and choose your delivery time. It was delivered right on time and was the best breakfast I have ever had! And the location is unbeatable. The cable cars, buses and BART are just short steps away. The hotel is really beautiful, convenient and safe. Take time to explore this historic beauty. I will NEVER stay anywhere else!!!TIP: You can walk to Chinatown or hop on the bus on Stockton Street. The 30 and 45 will take you to Chinatown, North Beach, Fishermans Wharf... get a muni passport for 3 or 7 days and ride unlimited rides on the buses, BART, cable cars and street cars. Alcatraz - Awesome, book tickets online if you can. Fills up fast. Bike the Bridge - If you are up to it. It is really a wonderful experience. The map is easy to navigate. Ride is beautiful and you ride a ferry back with you bike from Sausolito. If you eat breakfast out of the hotel, Sears Fine Dining is just up the street on Powell (Bkfst, Lunch, Dinner). There are several Lori's Diners up and down from the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Akid
<Content>Sensational After reading many reviews on tripadvisor. Me and my girlfriend left the uk for our first stop on our holiday of a lifetime. We did so going to san francisco with a worry about the westin, going off previous reviews!These worries were needless. As soon as we arrived we were bowled over by the grandness of the hotel lobby. During check in the man on the desk was very helpful, and spent time finding the best room available to house us in. We were given an end room, which had amazing views of Union square. The hotel is a historic one, and consequently so too are the rooms. Ours was huge, with of course the heavenly bed which is truely heavenly. The bathroom was on the small side but not worth a moan. You can hear the noise outside from cars and cable cars, but this is San Francisco if you dont like it go somewhere else!!!The rest of the hotel areas are well maintained and very nice. This hotel also offers the best location bar none. Cable car stop right outside. And walking distance to all the main shops. Macys, Bloomingdales etc. All in all a great stay. Leaves me wondering where have all the moaners been staying? It cant be here. Go for an end room, you will not be disappointed!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Burnreit
<Content>Good place for locals and out of town folks Okay....you live in the area and want to do something different.....hmmmmmm....Napap Valley? Sonoma? The coast. Why not pop on to BART and spend a night in the City! It was my anniversary so my partner and I thought, why not. We enjoyed the experience. Okay, okay...qualify the stars. I would give it a 3 3/4 if possible. As opposed to some of the reviewers, we asked for a tower room rather than a room in the older part of the establishment. Linens, pillows and mattress (as well as the view of the city and bay from the windows of our tower room) FIVE STARS. The linens and bed were VERY nice. I travel a fair amount for work and this was genuinely one of the nicest beds I've had the pleasure to sleep in in a long time! The condition of the room left a bit to be desired. There was duct tape around one of the widows and the carpet was slightly damp. As we opened the curtains when we first entered the room, one of plastic pullbacks for the drapes was on the floor. Some of the wall covering was peeling off of the wall by the windows as well. Yes, I understand this is a big and busy hotel but when I spend the kind of $$$ it would have been nice not to have damp carpet.The lobby is beautiful and location convenient to shopping and downtown. To my fellow bay areaians......looking for a fun night in the City? Give the St. Francis a try.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wategos
<Content>Wonderful Westin St Francis Arrived from a very long flight from Sydney, to be warmly greeted at the Westin St. Francis. We were given the most amazing room on the 26th Floor overlooking Union Square, The bed was king sized and glorious. Windows opened slightly, which we like, so we can get some fresh air and hear the sounds of San Francisco. The shower was called heavenly and it was. Room service was prompt. The foyer area, contains a coffee shop and pianist. A short walk to any shops and cable car stop outside. A wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cincomomo
<Content>It was... average. The front desk staff was very helpful they even got us a rate lower than what the website quoted ($210 vs. 245). they were very accomodating by letting us check-in late at midnite after our long drive from LA. we ordered room service and they were out of almost everything. so we picked what was left: a mediocre sandwiich and cheese plate. the room service took forever, we were informed they were understaffed that night (odd for a friday night).our bathroom lights had a flickering problem, but the room was pretty spacious. the decor our our standard was a letdown compared to the extravagance of the lobby. i was also dissappointed with the sheets, they were a little rough. i expected more for the prices they charge but you can't beat their location!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Lonek
<Content>A rip-off with good location I've stayed in this hotel twice, the last time in February, I had a smallish single room. The room was so small, I had to squeeze between the bed and the desk when moving from one side of the room to the other. The view from the window was rather not thrilling but on the good side, the room was quiet and the pillows comfortable. The room did not have adequate furniture, and the available furniture was occupied with things like a minibar or a large TV set (not LCD but an old one), the was was very small, and the radio reception poor. I did not like the notice on the fridge saying do not put your own things into the fridge - not very friendly.Overall, the hotel was nice and chic although the room reminded me of an old theatre decoration. All staff was very courteous, the check-in and check-out smooth.The location is great, although there is a number of other, less pricey hotels in the Union Square area. St. Francis may be a bit on the snobbish side, which is probably the only explanation of its rather high price-tag.Everything in the hotel is extra: expensive parking, Internet, breakfast or drinking water. No tea not coffee in the room. Always had to wait for an elevator, obviously there are not enough of them to service the higher floors.There is free wireless from the Union Square, available in the front of the lobby.Finally, the hotel is quite okay, only the general rip-off attitude spoils the picture.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>LizardAtlanta
<Content>Worst night of sleep EVER The first night I was put in a room in what was clearly the old part of the hotel that had not been updated. The room was old, smelly and unfortunate. The walls might as well have been made of paper. I had very noisy neighbors that kept me up all night. I called the front desk and security several times and they did nothing. I did complain and then was moved to a very nice room that was like day and night. It was larger, new and lovely. I was paying almost $400 a night and would accept that for the 2nd room but I wouldn't pay $50 for the first room.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>CAFrequentflier
<Content>New Year's Eve convenience My friends and I needed a hotel in the middle of everything for New Year's eve. I booked this hotel room less than a month before the big day through the hotel's website. The room was a decent size, good amenities, and although they were having a huge party that night (which i wouldn't pay $180 for again), we were able to sleep through the night with little noise when we finally were done partying. I would definitely stay here again. But if you're looking for new year's eve fun, skip the overpriced hotel party with the bad music and wet dancefloor. They must have hired every weddding deejay they could find. The location, however, was fabulous, the bed was awesome, and the price was right for New Year's Eve!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ChileChef
<Content>Hotwire No Deal at St. Francis Let鈥檚 not get issues mixed here; the Westin St. Francis is a wonderful property. The problem is if you think you got a deal guess again!I stayed at the Westin or two day on business. I booked the room through Hotwire as I usually do. The problems started before I even got to the hotel. I called the St. Francis to confirm my reservation a few days prior to my stay. I was told at that point that all hotwire rooms were only the rooms that provided a full bed. There is no way my wife and I would fit in a full bed, so we had to pay $35 a night for the upgrade. I have never had to add money to get a bed we could actually sleep in. Another detail that was conveniently left out is that the Westin St. Francis charges $51.30 a day for parking. I am used to paying for parking as most hotels now charge you. Even though you are staying at their property, and in most cases there is no other parking options, they charge you for parking. This however, in my honest opinion is a complete rip off! So take your great deal at the Westin; $125 a night. Now add the parking and the up charge for a bed large enough for two adults to actually sleep in; another $86.30. I鈥檓 not sure you tell me is it a great deal any more at $211.30 a night?  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>NJ_Travelers
<Content>Great Location, Historic Hotel I stayed here for a business conference. The room was nice and clean, and although you can feel the age of the hotel the furnishings are not out-dated. The location is great, especially for shopping and dining. The lobby is very active, so if you want to be in the heart of the action this is the hotel for you. There are several restaurants and bars at the hotel and many more within walking distance. The staff did a great job with our conference, and the St. Francis Suite is a great place to have a meeting or small conference.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tdkiely
<Content>clean but small rooms were clean, bed was comfortable, but very tiny and dated interiors. elevators are small and slow. location is ideal for shopping in union square area. would stay again, but would try to get a better price. parking is very expensive and tax is added to parking fee. overall average rating is about all this deserved.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgeddie
<Content>Location, Location!!! My husband and I stayed at The Westin St. Francis, just after Thanksgiving for 3 nights. Our room over looked Union Square and was spacious and very clean. The down side it was near the elevators and they are NOISEY, if you are a light sleeper ask to be away from the elevators. You can't beat the location for shopping and food. We ate in some great places. EO Tranding on Stockton was fantastic(recommedation from the staff at the hotel). Kuletos on Powell is very good as well, however make a reservation. Also everyone that visits SF needs to go to The Gold Dust on Powell. A great bar with great staff. One of the many highlights of our trip was a Segdway tour, can not recommend it enough. Don't worry its really easy and a blast(but remember you must dress in layers). Enjoy San Francisco its our favorite city and it never disappoints.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>vb22
<Content>Enjoyable stay at a landmark hotel       Shower  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OwlNewforest
<Content>Great Experience This is a great hotel on Union square. It is expensive, but its great for a once in a life time experience. The lobby is amazing (both front and back) with a piano in the evening. We stayed in the modern block at the back, and our room didn't have a room over the square. The breakfasts are very good, but again are quite expensive. If elegance is your thing, then this hotel is for you.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>trixi22
<Content>Lovely hotel in a great location I stayed here as the final part of my honeymoon. Check in was fine. We stayed in the new part.When we reached our room it was right next the elevators. We were tired and hungry and thought that it would be ok we were wrong. The whole night all we heard was these things going up and down. We phoned reception and they said that it would be changed and someone would be up with our keys. We waited and waited and no key, we phoned down again the keys were brought up to us for a smaller room with two double beds - no way. Phoned again and again we waited and waited by this time I was seriously p!ssed off. We eventually got into our room which was fine. Lesson from this change the room right away if its next to the elevators.Apart from this the hotel is stunning although never saw any staff in it!!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Huasteco
<Content>Great Stay My daughter got us the place as a gift for our 12-year anniversary. We came in on Friday, December 29, 2006. On the 30th, we both had massages and facials. It was one of the best massages for me and the first for my wife ever. She is hooked! Her massage therapist, Lenie Santos, upon knowing that we were here for our anniversary decided to pay for our dinner at the Oak Room. Amazing! My wife had the prime rib and I had the tequila prawns. Just delicious. This morning (December 31) we went back for manicure and pedicures. You can't beat the quality of service that you get in this hotel. Of course, location, location, location is another part of the equation, but people make this hotel what it is. We are planning to make this three days a tradition in our marriage. I just need to let my daughter know about it (ha, ha!). Raul and Patty know how to party if Jessica has the buying power  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ca.SLO-Traveler
<Content>Ranked only # 94 on Trip-advisor for a reason. I stayed at this hotel for a night in late November,2006. Despite my best efforts to upgrade my room (which I was more than willing to pay more for) I was told this was not possible so I was assigned to a standard room. It was room #1043. I paid $306.88 including room tax plus $51.30 to park my car for the night. Upon opening the door, I could not believe how small the room was. The room could not have been bigger than 10'X12' -probably smaller. The bathroom was less than 4'X7'. The full size bed barely fit. In fact, when you open the door to the room, it misses the bed by only an inch or two. I asked the bellman if there were more if these miniature rooms at the St. Francis and he replied quite a few, but most business travelers know better and refuse to book them. I've stayed at my share of grand old hotels in New York and throughout Europe that also have some tiny rooms but nothing compares to closet-sized standard rooms at the St. Francis. As other reviewers note, the furnishings are tired, and the property sorely needs upgrading. This is truly regrettable because the staff are attentive, the hotel is in a great location, and the lobby and common areas are charming. I'm amazed that Westin is still willing to license this property considering its condition. Certainly there must be other properties in San Francisco far more worthy of their brand. Unless you can be assured of a decent sized room, and you don't mind the torn and tattered look, I suggest you book elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Jen1985
<Content>One of the best.... We didnt stay here but did a sight inspection as part of work (I am a travel agent).Located once again in the heart of Union Square this hotel would be one of the nicest in San Francisco. This hotel was built in 1904 and was burnt down in 1906. It was rebuilt in 1909 and is now a historic, luxury building. The rooms are of a medium size and all feature the trademark 鈥榃estin Heavenly Beds鈥? The hotel offers its own arcade of shops in the lower level, and a 5 star dining restaurant 鈥?Michael Mina. Michael Mina is a 3 hour dining experience not to be missed.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tasty_Mr_T
<Content>Showing it's age despite the great location! I stayed here during late Nov on mix of Business and Pleasure from the UK. The access from the street is muddled as there is the Union Square access (pass Victoria Secrets) or from the Garage/car offload ramp which can be busy at most times. However once inside the check-in was fairly smooth but reputation in my view is of an hotel that is 'past it's best' and has lived on it past glories to much. The room I had was close to the lift and not away from the lift as requested in my Starwood account, I asked to be moved but was told that there was nothing else available. The bed was comfortable but took up almost 70% of the room space, there was only a small window and overall the furnishings and decor was poor and needed a much needed makeover. There was no tea/coffee make in my roomand I had to request it, also I requested my own refridgerator as the minibar costs are prohibitive. The Bathroom was small and tolietries were poor in comparsion with other Westins in the US and Europe.The Oak Room is used for Breakfeast and at $21.50 for a full Breakfeast is not cheap and you could certainly find better down the street. You do not need to use this place for Dinner as there are many better and varied restaraunts in SF/Union Square area as well as Chinatown which is only 5 blocks/10 mins walk away, the doorman will direct you.SUMMARYThis is an 'Grand old Dame' of hotels in SF and sticks to it's authentic attention to detail and historical association to the past, not to mention playing on it's location on Union Square, however that should not preclude it from providing a better and more up to date product. The staff are attentative and helpful and resourcful; but it seems that they are continously trying to plug gaps in a creaking and somewhat aged system in the hotel.Would I stay here again?........probably not, there are superior hotels close by including the Omni, W, Hilton etc. So unless Westin/Starwood improve the product they may lose more people to those and other locations in future  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>johandl
<Content>A beautiful hotel in an amazing city I stayed here during 2004, I believe it was my September trip with a business partner that year. We stayed predominently at the Starwood range of hotels at the time, and had just left LA after an exhaustive three days. The welcome at the Westin was a mixed one, we arrived right in the middle of a protest march around the square, and had to pick our way around to the entrance at the back of the building. However once inside it was excellent and a hotel that lived up to its reputation in my view. The service was great from the staff, and our rooms excellent business level rooms with all the usual amenities. I do recall an interesting account very early one morning with a drunken guest trying to break my door down after confusing his floor selection in the elevator ride up to his room. He was one floor to high and thought his key was not working anymore (by the way, if you suffer from a fear of hights, close your eyes during elevator rides or get a lower floor room, the views through the glass elevator are a real thrill). Despite that experience, this hotel will always remain my home when next I travel to SF, and I will always recommend it to anyone. Business facilities were good, although we battled to get our wifi connections working, but soon found a Starbucks nearby that helped us. I guess these last two or three years that problem could have been fixed and so I will still recommend it for business stays. It is comfortable and well accommodating to our needs.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>cschlunt
<Content>Great location for some holiday fun in SF! My husband and I are from Marin County but wanted to stay a night in the city. We got our room for $113 on Hotwire. It was located in the older building, which had a lot of character. We asked for an upgrade from a full to queen bed and it was granted for free. The staff was all very friendly and the location can't be beat. Here is a parking tip - don't park at the hotel it is $45 plus tax! We parked one street south on O'Farrell at the O'Farrell Garage right across from Macy's. We got in at 5pm and left at 8am and it was $14! What a deal! We also went to dinner down the street at Kuleto's. Super yummy food. Try the calamari appetizer and the smoked salmon ravioli with cream sauce for an entree.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rickwal
<Content>Great hotel stayed for 3 nights in november, hotel is in a great location right on Union Square, check in was efficent and pleasant, our room was in the main building which had a view of union square, the beds really are heavenly and so are the showers there. Room was serviced every day, did not eat in any of the restaurants apart from the coffee shop in the lobby area which was nice. Would recommend this hotel and certainly stay here again. Three tips would be to ride the elevator in the new tower and they are glass and have nice views of the city and also for a fun night try Lefty O'Doulls pub which is located on the Geary Street entrance of the hotel, they have a piano bar and also do really nice carved sandwiches, lastly eat at the Cheescake factory on the top floor of Macy's, the menu was quite varied and the cheesecakes are heavenly.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wincherr
<Content>Great Stay at the Westin St. Francis Location and Service couldn't be beat. Right on Union Square. I Pricelined and got a bid of $97 in November. Of course that meant that I got the small, older rooms. However, I had no issues with my room. After reading reviews on here, I expected to have a smaller older room. The closet and bathroom were large.Perhaps I lucked out, but I had a room that really only adjoined one other room - and I never heard a sound from them. I did hear some rumblings from the hallway, but nothing from above or below.I also heard mention of odors in the old rooms. Not the case for me - they must have found the bottle of Fabreeze before I got there. I highly recommend the St. Francis.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>80'sbaby
<Content>Old Westin, but enjoyable We had a day in San Francisco and the Westin St. Francis was not planned. Due to a bad experience at another hotel, we ended up here. We got a room on the 26th floor of the tower building. It had a city view but nothing to elaborate about. We just wanted to come back to the heavenly beds after a day in the city. The hotel is close to everything and we walked a lot!! We never even saw the car until it was time to check out. There were few issues with this room, but this is an older (historic) Westin. I was credited upon checkout when I mentioned it to the front desk. The hotel was good for what we wanted, a great bed, and a central location. Although it can get noisy outside, but it's a city. Being on higher floors we were still able to hear a lot. The concierge was very helpful. I don't think I would stay here again though.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>aussieintheATL
<Content>Great but a litle too pricey A friend booked this hotel for us so we got a better rate but for what you get I think this hotel is a little too expensive at regular rates. A lot of things about this hotel are great - the decore, the bathrooms, the lobby, the location, the friendly staff... but you pay a lot for parking per night (~$50) and I can't justify spending that much on accomodation for no special occasion. I would definitely stay here if there was something to celebrate though and if I wanted to stay in the area.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellyhk
<Content>I'll NEVER stay there again!! Being a hotelier myself with a 5* hotel chain in Asia, Westin St. Francis is really not up to par. I stayed there in Sept 2005. When me and my family arrived after a long flight from Hong Kong, we were already very tired. Still, we had to deal with the long check-in process just because the staff there were so inexperience and didn't really know what they were doing. So finally, after maybe 30 mins, we finally got to our rooms - at the old wings. All I can say about the room was - TERRIBLE!!! It's old and small. A little like the BB in a small country side in the UK. I would never have expected that from a so-called 5* hotel like that! The bathroom was also extremely small and basic. With white tiles and a almost rusted shower head. It was no way that I would pay that amount of money for that type of room. So finally after a serious complaint, they moved us to the new wing which was more decent. A little more like what you have expected from an international hotel chain. But still, we have decided to change to the Grand Hyatt after a few days coz the Westin's service is so too terrible - slow delivery of our luggage (we'd to call 3 times b4 they brought it up) and my relative even got her handbag stolen in the lobby coffee shop. The only thing I can say about this hotel is the location, but then Grand Hyatt is just round the corner also and I would rather stay there. For business travellers or young executives who are used to the 5* international chains, Westin St Francis is not for you.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>SJDKHD
<Content>Excellent hotel! We stayed there on our honeymoon and the staff went out of their way to help us. Even gave us free upgrade  wine  strawberries! The concierge were extremely helpful also and even got us a table at a near by restaurant that we wanted to try. Hotel was clean, tidy  in excellent location. Would def recommend it and stay there again in a minute!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scarlett100
<Content>Great start to our honeymoon! We stayed in the Westin St Francis for 3 nights in May at the start of our honeymoon. We had a city view in the new part of the hotel. The staff were pleasant and the room was very nice. A bit better than a standard U.S. hotel room and the bathroom was great, quite opulent. The beds were very comfortable and the room view overlooked the city in the direction of Coit Tower. The hotel itself is beautiful (the lobby, etc) and is in a really great location on Union Square. We had a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>SFO2004
<Content>Fairly nice for an historic hotel My husband and I stayed at the Westin this past weekend, he for two nights and me for one. This was for a conference for my husband's company, so we did not pay for the room. For an historic hotel, I think the St. Francis fares pretty well.We were located in the older, main part of the hotel on the 4th floor. As such, our room was pretty small and had no view. The bed was a queen and the furnishings (desk, chair, tv console, etc) were pretty well worn, but overall the room was clean. The bed was Heavenly, so that was nice, and the bathroom, while small, seemed as though it had been renovated in the past few years (all marble, clean, and Heavenly showerhead). The closet was spacious as well. The main parts of the hotel were fine. The lobby was updated but the hallways to the rooms were a little threadbare.The cons:1. In the bathroom, the mirror is not over the sink - it is to the right of the sink. This made shaving for my husband a tad difficult and messy.2. The elevators are very slow. They are old, so that is to be semi-expected, but when there is a conference there and tons of tourists, the slowness is magnified.3. Lobby bar - service was pretty slow and haphazard.The pros:1. The location - right on Union Square. So many shops and restaurants w/in walking distance.2. The historic aspect - a San Francisco institution.I gave the hotel an above average rating because I knew it was an older hotel so my expectations were not heightened. I have found that many historic hotels, in trying to maintain their uniqueness and sense of history, are not renovated to the level that so many of us have come to expect. I took that into consideration.Overall, I would recommend people to stay at the St. Francis if paying a good rate (under $200/night).  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>leafpeeper98
<Content>Really two different hotels The problem with the St. Francis is that it is really two different hotels. Hence the split in reviews that you see here on TA. The older hotel is historic, from the 1904 and much beloved in San Francisco for its LOBBY and PUBLIC AREAS. Like all older hotels the sleeping rooms are tiny and the bathrooms miniscule. Decades of smokers and pets have left their marks and stale odors. This is what you get if you book into the Main Building. If you book into a Tower room, you get a whole different experience, which you pay for. The rooms are large and the views above the 16th floor are eye popping, sweeping views up and down the bay. You have to do your homework and understand which of the two properties you are booking. Or you can book through a discounted site and upgrade to a high floor in the tower when you get there. The glass elevators are a hoot, but a big scary. The lobby areas are fantastical and elegant, but you don't sleep there. The best rooms with views on the main building face St. Francis Square but they are quite noisey with cable cars banging about, and sometimes the occasional protest in the square.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Esper
<Content>Excellent Experience at the Westin St. Francis My wife stayed at the Westin St. Francis at Union Square in San Francisco California. It was a wonderful experience, but there are some things that should be noted. I will list the positives and negatives.POSITIVES:(1) Location! Location! Location! You are in the center of the downtown area at Union Square. A short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill, Japantown, Transamerica Pyramid and a quick taxi/trolley ride to Telegraph Hill, Lombard St, Fisherman's Wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park and Haight-Ashbury. The location is excellent.(2) Service: The service was beyond compare. The concierge was knowledgeable concerning the city and eager to assist us. The front-desk, housekeeping, parking deck and bell desk was also experienced, cheerful, polite and knowledgeable. Probably some of the best service I've ever seen. --Example of note: There was a marathon on the day we were leaving and the management was kind enough to leave us a letter remind us of this and what roads were going to be closed so we could make appropriate changes to our return to the airport.(3) Room Quality: The rooms were very nice. Large, comfortable beds, gigantic bathrooms with large marble bathtubs/showers, room safe, coffee machine with complementary coffee  tea and internet connectivity in the room. There is also a min-bar, but they charge (heavily) for using it, so I would avoid that.(4) Grand Lux View: My wife and I got a Grand Lux View room on the 30th floor and the view was absolutely spectacular. We could see the entire Union Square as well as other landmarks such as the Bay Bridge, Coit Tower/Telegraph Hill and the Transamerica Pyramid.(5) Hotel History and Decor: the St. Francis opened in 1904 and there is much history to the place. A lot of it can be seen in the lobby areas. The lobby decor is absolutely beautiful and rings back to an earlier era. There are displays of the history of the hotel and some of its more famous/noteworthy guests (including Ronald Reagan, Queen Elizabeth II, Charlie Chaplin, among others).NEGATIVES:(1) Parking Garage: Parking is provided by the hotel and while the staff is quick and attentive, it is overpriced by my standards. To park a standard sized car, it was $45/day + tax. 2 nights was over $100, just to park a car. And that is for a guest of the hotel. Drive an SUV or larger-sized vehicle and you will get charged more.(2) Price: The rate are pricey and the services and amenities that you have to pay for (such as room service, parking, mini-bar) are expensive. However, you do get what you pay for. Still, for those on a limited budget, you may want to avoid the St. Francis and seek less expensive accomidations.CONCLUSION:I would absolutely, positively recommend the Westin St. Francis. A combination of service, location and style that can't be beat! While expensive, you get your money's worth in my opinion.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotelchecker
<Content>Not So Grand Old Dame I was assigned to a tiny room in the old (original) building. The corridor and room gave off an offensive odor that I associated immediately with uncleaned carpeting. After having difficulty sleeping due to the smell and getting little satisfaction from housekeeping, I undertook my own efforts to eliminate it with a fabric spray cleaner. It took and entire container to do the trick but it succeeded in getting rid of most of it. I later learned that thesw small, least desirous rooms are the ones assigned to guests with animals in tow. There were no drawers to store clothes and no coffee maker in this standard room. The pricey coffee bar in lobby asked $2.75 for a small coffee. You an do much better a block down Powell at Starbucks. It seems that management intends to get as much revenue out of this aging dame before re-branding it to a 3-star property. It's so old and has been re-habbed so many times that another attempt could not succeed in meeting Westin standards. Most of those guests staying in the old building (as opposed to the newer tower) appeared to be on package tours from the Pacific room or other international locations, or others who booked discounted rooms.It's a shame because, with a little effort directed at cleaning carpets, the entire experience could have been much different. If you are checking the Westin website, these rooms can be identified as those with no view.'  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>LM77
<Content>Disappointed We stayed at the Westin St. Regis on October 6 - 8, 2006, because our friends had stayed there years ago and loved it. They were able to get us corporate rates for our stay, which were very good at $179/night. We loved the location. There were several good and inexpensive restaurants across the street that were great for breakfast (try Lefty's - you can't beat it for breakfast).However, we were extremely disappointed with our room. We booked a King size bed and got a Queen. The room (#369) was very small and the bathroom smaller. The highlight was the two closets, which were great to store our clothes and luggage. There was no coffee maker in the room. We could not control the temperature and it was hot. We could not open the window. The view from the window was a view of the roof and the windows in the rooms across the roof. We could not see the sky or even know if it was day or night when we looked out the window.Check in took a long time. We had to stand in line. Check out was done over the phone so no problem. The bellhop in the driveway as we pulled up did very little to help us. He did help us unload our luggage and checked the cab for our cell phones and wallets (as if we would leave them in the cab!). He insisted on a tip right there before we entered the hotel - not when our luggage was successfully delivered to the room.Our friends who booked our room were with us. Their room was the same as our but worse. They had mud and dirt covering their window so they could see nothing from their window. Because they are Starwood Preferred Members, they contacted the front desk, had the Manager go to their room to see their window and eventually, after a lot of argument, got moved to a tower room. The new room they were moved to was awesome. They had a large room, king size bed, large bathroom, view of the city from two windows, coffee maker, etc. , etc. Since we are not Starwood Members we did not have the same clout and stayed in our small uncomfortable room. If you go to this hotel I would recommend you book a tower room. Other than the excellent location, I would not want to return to the Westin St. Regis.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chris/caz
<Content>loved the location Lovelly hotel , fantastic bed massive  comfortable. We upgraded for our four night stay ,on recieving key left to our own devices to find room , on opening door lovelly room , but smelt like old peoples home , very dusty on furniture  looked like someone had kicked the door in (massive split in frame) changed room slightly smaller same smell but nice room.Staff very good, downstairs reception beautifull.Fantastic location.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Girltrvlr
<Content>Not worth the money       Nice looking rooms but noisy  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	5	2	

<Author>terryjgardner
<Content>Recommended The Westin St Francis is well-located for San Francisco walking and exploring: it is located on Union Square. The tower rooms are the nicest rooms, fairly modern, and the Heavenly Beds are great. As with most Westins the bathrooms are outstanding, a cut above the rest. Easy access to Market, little longer walk to Embarcadero. The hotel is on Powell Street about 4 blocks from the cable car turn-around.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>resorttrip
<Content>Great location - Lousy room The hotel is at a great location, in front of Union Square. The reception, hall, restaurants are impressive.Our room was the worst we ever had: very small, tiny bathroom, noisy A/C, no shampoo ....We would never go back .... The Hotel Monaco - nearby around the corner at Geary Street - is a much better hotel!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>tmstewar2
<Content>Nice for an older hotel. Stayed at the Westin for $119 from Priceline. For that price it was well worth it. The hotel is in a great location. I would not recommend paying the advertised rate for the hotel unless you are planning on getting an upgraded room. Our room was tiny by 4* standards (keep in mind this is a historic hotel). As other travelers have noted we also only got a full bed. Didn't bother trying to get another room since we were out most of the time. Parking was $51 with tax per day and $15 for internet (24hours). Overall it was nice for an older hotel but well below standards for a newer 4* hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>nickied
<Content>Only if you get a deal Stayed here for 1 night after seeing a show and not wanting to drive home. Got a deal through priceline at $100, but found out it was only a full size bed for two adults without a view and in a tiny room! After much calling, bought an upgrade for $70- ended up getting a prime room on the 30th floor with a spectacular view of the bayand coit tower. It was worth it in the end, but the room usually goes for over $300- never would I pay that much for it. The room itself was nice, but still small even though it was on the Starwood preferred floor. The marble bathroom was nice, though still small. The bed was KING and comfie. Room service was expensive- $8 for cereal. Went to Sears food on Powell for their signature swedish pancakes- sit at the counter to avoid the wait. The history of the hotel is amazing, but the main foyer was not as cool as I had hoped. Miss the old tea room- now just another posh restaurant. It seems smaller now than when I visited years ago. Overall, we had a good time, but I would never use priceline again and would never spend more even for such a great view- we spenyt so little time in the room. You can find other hotels in the area that are even cooler and less expensive. The location is great, but there are an incredible amount of hotels in the area, so look around. Enjoy the city!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbccc
<Content>You can do a lot better in San Francisco If you want to impress your cab driver - go with the St. Francis. If you need to be directly across the street from Union Square and can't walk even one block (and why you would go to SF if that were the case) - go with the St. Francis. If you want to pay more than other hotels - go with the St. Francis.Ths St. Francis is old, large and used to be quite grand. It is now a bit tired. However, the staff don't know that. The concierge is excellent - truly first class. The bell staff are fair. The hotel frequently endures labor protests. When that happens the bell staff are posted as a security barrier and become somewhat useless for the usual purposes. The front desk staff are not too helpful.I've stayed there before (hey I think picketers shouting Hotel clients should be aware - St. Francis is unfair is fun to watch). Here is the problem. You are right on the trolley line but several blocks from the BART station. You can book whatever room you want and confirm it all you like but you will get what they have. For example, book a king room. Go ahead and confirm that you have a king room. Then arrive and find you are in a double bed not a king. Explain to the front desk that you reserved a king. They will agree that you did. They will confirm that you are in a double. They will then tell you that rooms are subject to availability. They will take your name and number (and usually your cell number) and they will promise to look into it and see what they can do. Don't hold your breath. In a survey of 7 or 8 folks who had the same issue none received any follow-up. That's the problem with the St. Francis.. They don't care because they don't have to care. That hotel will be full no matter what they do. Do yourself a favor - there are at least 10 hotels within 2 blocks of Union Square. Save money, aggravation etc etc and stay somewhere that is hungry for your business. SF is a great city - why bother with arrogance.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>ChuckHenson1
<Content>Posh Posh Posh What a fabulous property!. History, Location, and the wonderful service of a Westin. Plus, the elevators are very cool when you pop outside for some great views of San Fran. Our room was in the tower on the 29th floor, facing the Golden Gate Bridge and Coit Tower. It was Magical.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccrosner
<Content>Great Location, What I Expected One of the great things about Tripadvisor reviews is that you are fully prepared for the good and the bad at any property you might reserve. That was certainly the case for our three night stay at the Westin St. Francis. Overall, I would say that we got a very good value for our money and had a great stay at the St. Francis. We especially liked the location.We booked online and got their 3 nights for the price of 2 special. So we paid about $500 for three nights in a historic building room with 2 double beds overlooking Union Square from a high floor. I chose the historic wing as my son and I have a fear of heights and worried we wouldn't do well on the glass elevator you use to go to the tower rooms. The tradeoff is that even on a high floor, you can hear the noise from Union Square and Powell St. through the windows. Not terrible unless you are a light sleeper.The room wasn't large but was fine for the four of us. The bathroom is updated with marble and a double shower which was great. One complaint is that Westin tries to save money on amenities by only providing the basics (shampoo, conditioner, soap). You must call their service hotline for any others (e.g. I needed a shower cap). They are prompt with that service but I found it a bit surprising. We also had an issue with the feather and down bedding (allergies) but they quickly fixed that for us.As others here have said, don't open the fridge unless you want to be charged for something. We did (bought a bottle of wine) and had to have the charges removed at check out (easy to do).I would also agree with others that there is little dresser space for unpacking (maybe four narrow drawers). I didn't bother unpacking anywhere on the trip but it would have been a pain if I had wanted to.We had no problem with check in or out since we arrived late and departed early. It did, however, look horrendous during late afternoon (someone on the elevator told us it took him an hour to check in!).We didn't use the gym or the Oak Room. We did enjoy coffee and bagels/muffins in the lobby area which opened at 6 a.m. (great when your body is still on East Coast time). Loved the elegance of the old hotel. Great location for touring. We even rented a Hertz rental car for a day of touring right from the Hertz desk in the hotel. The agent was extremely helpful and efficient.All in all, a great stay. And, yes, the candid photos on this website tell the story.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AnthemRes
<Content>Wonderful historic hotel! This hotel was very nice. The rooms were very comfortable and large. It felt like I was back in France, however in a larger room! The hotel is historic and wonderful. The lobby is very grand and a great place to have a drink and be transported back 100 years. My room was very quiet and the staff was quite pleasant. If you want to stay in Union Square this is a great location and you can walk most anywhere downtown. I am a complete suburban girl, and will choose to stay in the Wharf next time. Downtown is great, just not for me!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>vanchick
<Content>Loved the hotel and the service We checked into the Westin St.Francis for three nights. Four girls shared a double room in the modern tower. From the moment we walked into the hotel, the staff were helpful and very friendly. The public areas are very grand and beautiful. The room was a comfortable size. The beds were indeed heavenly! The bathroom wasn't as heavenly as advertised. The lighting and shower could be better. We enjoyed our stay at the Westin and would go back. We would aslo recommended dinner and desert at the Cheesecake Factory!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BUD123
<Content>Love the city, love the hotel! Stayed here as part of our honeymoon and loved it. We did stay in the old building at the front so I cannot comment on the new tower at the back, but we had the most wonderful time. The service is excellent from the minute we walked in the door. I did read a review where someone was not happy about the water pipes rattling, and to be honest it was not bad at all.Being an old hotel, I am sure it is not as polished as new top class hotels in the city, but if you are looking for a hotel which has a lot of character, and a very romantic feel, then I highly recommend it.The hotel is right on Union Sq so you could not ask for a better location!Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Diayanne
<Content>Great Hotel in a wonderful location       Hallway Leading to room  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aurora100
<Content>Not Up to Westin Standards I live in the Bay Area but had to attend a late dinner and then had an all day meeting in the City the next day, so I got a room at the Westin St. Francis for one night.I frequently stay at Starwood hotels, particularly Westins, and I鈥檓 generally pleased with them, but this time was an exception. I had a room in historic building. The room was depressing with little natural light and literally was the size of a shoebox. It just wasn鈥檛 up to Westin standards. The bathroom was nice though 鈥?all marble and quite modern. Another thing that I didn鈥檛 like about the hotel is that they charge for use of the gym. I hate hotels that nickel and dime you to death.I have to add that I got this hotel at a really good price on Hotwire, and it was only for one night. However, if I paid full price, or had I been staying any longer, I would have been very unhappy with this hotel. If you have to stay here, try your luck with the tower rooms鈥攎y assumption (which could be wrong) is that they鈥檝e got to be better than what I had.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>NorCAMom
<Content>Classy  We stayed here last weekend (July 06) for one night and had an enjoyable stay. We booked a standard room and requested an upgrade at check-in which was given to us- we were given a choice of tower room or historic building- we chose tower room- we were given a traditional room with a King size bed on the 4th floor (Rm 497). The plus to this room is that it has a nice sized patio- when we arrived there were 8 chairs out there. The negative is that it has a view of the building next door- literally. But considering the fact that most rooms in this hotel do not have a patio or balcony- this was a nice feature- just no view. These are the plusses  minuses of the hotel:Plus:+Offered free bottled water at check-in.+Nice large room  bathroom- in the tower. +Beautiful lobby  love the historic photos  connections to early years displayed in the lobby.+Very comfy heavenly bed+ Ideal location for shopping  access to cable car, etc. Minus:- Our shower had used soap, shampoo  conditioner left in it from previous guest! Ewww!- The TV made a terrible buzzing sound- annoying!- The lightbulb above the closet was out.- The parking was OUTRAGEOUS! $51.50 (incl. tax) for 1 night stay. AND they make you leave the garage by 1:00 pm the day you check out- despite the fact that we hadn't arrived until 3pm the day before- less than 24 hours! Robbery! - The Oak Room Restaurant in hotel was average. Crab chowder was good not great- has big chunks of Muenster cheese in it. Pizza was not great. Waitress was below average. Would we stay here again? Probably not- there are so many places to stay in SF that we'll probably try a different hotel next time! It was beautiful and historic and very comfy. However- pricey  lacking in details as well.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ESAC
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My husband and I visit SF frequently and every time we stay somewhere different. We've stayed multiple locations in SF, but must say the Westin is our favorite. The location is great, the hotel beautiful, and the staff very friendly. During our last stay we arrived at the hotel at 9:00 am and the lady at the desk was very accomodating and checked us in, giving us the option of staying in the historic or new tower. We chose the historic and the room was very nice and clean and very large for a SF hotel (we had a corner room which may've been larger than others). Bed was comfie and room was quiet. The location is fanatastic for shopping and central to all the sites. Golden Gate, North Beach, Wharf are all a quick cab or trolley away. And I must agree with one of the previous reviews about the homeless. They are everywhere in SF and I have never had any issues with them (nor heard of anyone having issues with them). If the homeless bother you then don't come to SF.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADouble
<Content>Very classy Overall positive experience except lengthy check-in (8 check in desks and only 3 people on!Likes:Locationhuge room and bathroom - stayed in the new/modern tower, 21st floor, great viewcomfy bedlovely lobby and sitting areaDislikes:reception area slowheavenly bathroom, not so heavenlySuggeststay in the modern tower  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>lilirishstar
<Content>How could this be rated so low? After reading the reviews, we were worried, but it was great.Asked for a new tower room with a bay view. Found a special on their web site. Cable Car stops right at the front door. Restaurants and shopping abound. Lefty O'Douls (Irish), Puccini Pinetti (Italian) Max'x True Blue Cafe (Breakfast) were our favorites.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1frequentflyer
<Content>Beautiful hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for 2 nights in July. We had a beautiful, newly renovated, Grandview room on the 27th floor in the Tower. What an amazing view! The beds were very comfortable. Beware the honor bar is on a sensor system though; if you touch it you will be charged for the items. This charge was quickly removed from our bill at checkout though. For the most part everyone was very friendly and helpful, except for the woman who checked us in; she didn鈥檛 say a word to us, very rude. This was the only negative and for us it was a big one. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and we will absolutely return here.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Loved this historic hotel in the middle of Union Square. The location is so great - the trolley car goes right in front of the hotel. The concierge was very helpful in planning my activities one day while my husband worked. Close to China town and tons of shopping. All the modern comforts including the heavenly bed  bath but also a very old feel from the lobby - loved all the old pictures. This place is a classic. Highlight of the trip was a bike ride from Fisherman's wharf accross the golden gate bridge to Salsalito and then took the ferry back. The concierge helped with everything including times for the ferry.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>end102
<Content>Westin St. Francis - Good, not great views The Westin St. Francis is dripping with history, which my husband found to be interesting during our recent 2night stay in San Fran. Unfortunately for him, being in the middle of the shopping district was not as desirable, as he noted many times, It's too crowded. Thankfully we didn't visit San Fran. to shop. We did enjoy the location, as is provided us great access to a variety of things that we would not have other wise seen. I chose this hotel, as I wanted to provide a memorable trip with views of the bay. Well, their bay and city view rooms should be just labeled city view. You can see the bay only looking through the space between buildings. Seeing that this was the nicest of hotels that we stayed at during our trip, we splurged a bit to cap off the week, we enjoyed it none the less. My husband did enjoy watching the fog roll into the city at night. Would I worry so much about trying to gain a great view again, Nope. I think I would try to save a few $$$ and see what I could get on priceline in the union square/finanical district area vs. paying the Westin's rates.Nothing bad about the hotel. It's classy, service is nice, just pricy for my taste and desires. If you like Full Service - from bellmen and such, then this is a great place for you.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely Surprise After reading some of the reviews on this site we actually tried to cancel our booking at this hotel and book into another -- How glad I am that we did not. We received a room in the old tower with a view over Union Square. The room was huge, very clean(no smell as stated on other reviews) and not at all as described by other reviewers. The staff were very helpful at all times. The only slight fault we could find was with the bathroom which was on the small side and the ceiling was slightly marked, however it was clean. We would not hesitate in using this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travel2020
<Content>New tower only ok We came for a weekend getaway. The location was fabulous especially if you are a shopper. The theatre district was right around the corner too. Far from the wharf but no big deal for us. We rode the cable car from the the wharf and that was fun. We had 3 rooms. Two were in the new tower and one was in the main building. The new tower was nice and the rooms were spacious but it was too sterile. The view was good too. The room in the main or old building was quite charming. Yes, it was smaller but it was much nicer. The view was of Union Square was more interesting. It had more of an old world feel to it. So if you want sleek and modern, go for the new tower. But if you want old San Francisco charm request the main or old building. The staff was great. The concierge was helpful, although the line to talk them was usually quite long.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FrequenttravelerSFCA
<Content>ok, not great. Having been a native San Franiciscan for 10 years before moving away, i always enjoy returning to the city when time allows to refresh myself in what to me is the greatest city in the US. Unfortunately, the St. Francis, while a jewel 10-20 years ago, has been rather disappointing. The lobby continues to be gorgeous and there is no better place for people watching. the new Michael Mina's restaurant is also fabulous, and worth a meal if you can put it on your expense account. however, the hotel service is terrible. check in took 25 minutes, with some 30 people waiting in line for 2 deskclerks. the concierge wasn't helpful at all (we were looking for a restuarant which could accomodate a party of 15) and the rooms weren't all that clean when we finally got to them. the old tower rooms seem to be falling apart and in need of renovation. the fluorescent lighting doesn't do justice to the beautiful mouldings on the walls. the new tower feels sterile. maid service sometimes doesn't clean the rooms until the late afternoon - so you come back from sightseeing and your room still hasn't been made up.the only unbeatable amenity is the location. if you can walk an extra 5 minutes, the four seasons, ritz carlton, fairmont, or palace hotel will all give you better service for the same (or nearly the same) price. st. francis is basically a 3 star hotel in a 5 star location for a 5 star price.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kabear
<Content>Good Choice This hotel was very adequate for our vacation from June 29 to July 8. I had requested two robes when making the reservation and again upon check-in. When I requested them again along with a lot more hangers when we got to the room, we got them. We were in the New Tower which is about 30 years old. The room was small (deluxe king) on 20th floor with a great view. The bathroom is minamalist, only the very basic amenities (no brand) are provided which only included shampoo, conditioner and body lotion and thin bars of soap which looked like Ivory Soap, but weren't. No shower cap is provided. The shower in in a tub, but it was a Heavenly Shower. The toilet has no tank, it has that metal foot pedal thing in the back - ugly. You must be sure the bath towels that hang behind it don't hang long otherwise they touch the toilet seat when it is up. The concierge desk constantly had a very long line except very early in the morning or on a rare occasion, so do your homework so you don't have to rely on them for much. They are very helpful when you can get a chance to speak to them.Like everyone says, the location is the best. The stores are just steps away which includes a seven story Macy's. It was a pleasure to shop there. Union Square in right in front of the hotel. They had a great art show there the first weekend of July. Musicians are playing on street corners. Sears Fine Food restaurant is right up the street and is the best breakfast place. All the hotels recommend it for breakfast. There is usually a line, but it moves fast. It is definitely worth the 10-15 minute wait. We liked the St. Francis and will stay there again. They are being bought (again), so it will not remain a Westin/Starwood hotel for long, but that is ok and doesn't matter.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy Saint Francis We decided to stay in the Saint Francis based on the advice of our travel agent who said it was really central, close to all transport networks and a luxury hotel.He was right!The most standout aspect of this hotel was not the stylish interior of the history of the place, but rather the friendly staff. Friendly, reliable and polite, I couldn't have asked for more. While there may be more spectacular hotels in San Francisco, there can't be many.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RezaS
<Content>St. Francis, ENOUGH SAID! Best Choice in San Francisco! I did a lot of research on hotels before I booked. I was so pleasantly suprised at the St. Francis. BEST LOCATION!! (We almost stayed in Fisherman's Wharf, glad we didn't. It smelled awful, trash everywhere!!) Here is the MAIN reason I loved the St. Francis. ALL the other luxury hotels in the area, had very small entrance ways, and were squeezed in next to other shops and hotels. For travelers that are deciding where to stay, especially in Union Square, the best thing about this hotel was the location. *St. Francis was on it's own block, it was great!! *Very clean. *We stayed in the new area, 30th Floor, view was amazing, and hotel room was spacious and the bed was VERY comfortable. *Bathroom was beautiful, marble, and lots of room in the tub. *Plenty of towels. Many great restaurants near by, and shopping was endless. Just had a wonderful experience, couldn't wait to come back and tell others about the hotel, especially since I myself read so many of these forums, and it helped me decide. Plus, check their website for specials!! Great hotel, enjoy your stay!! RezaS (Heathrow, Florida)  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take the poor reviews with a pinch of salt! Having read so many poor reviews,we were extremely worried as to what we might find.Despite it being the Easter week end,and so many people,including the remaining survivors,attending the centinary celebrations of the 1906 earthquake,check in was executed very professionally.We had a large,clean,well furnished room in the old part of the hotel.All the staff we encountered were very pleasant,and very helpful.As an example,not feeling very hungry after a long flight,I enquired of the Manager of the Oak Room /bar area if they had sandwiches.His reply was that they were only available at lunch time,but he would make me one specially.when I asked for the bill for the drinks,and the sandwich,he told me that the sandwich was on the house.The reception staff were well aware of the negative reviews on this website.Their explanation was that people book their rooms via third party websites at very cheap rates,and then check in at the hotel expecting to be allocated the higher end rooms.It would appear that too many people forget the old maxim_____you only get what you pay for!We would have no hesitation in returning to the Westin St. Francis.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Location! San Francisco is our favorite vacation spot! There is so much to do there! We've stayed at this hotel three times because of it's location - directly on Union Square. This last visit, while my husband attended a convention at the Moscone Center (five blocks away), I kept myself entertained shopping at Macy's, Neiman Marcus, William Sonoma, etc. - just steps away from the hotel. I loved 'people watching' at Union Square. Art galleries, museums, etc. all just blocks away. Great dining abounds - grab a taxi and head to the Wharf and treat yourself to the BEST seafood at Somas. The tour buses picked up/dropped us off right on the door-step of the hotel. We did the City Tour and the Wine Country. LOVED BOTH!Only once did we stay in the 'old' section of the hotel. Never again. I will specifically ask for the NEW section on our next visit. While the old section has charm, the room that we were assigned to was incredibly small. The new rooms are large and oh so comfortable. We have never had any problem with service. We've always been treated very well.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ckm1956
<Content>Loved it! I just returned from a one week stay at the St. Francis. While it wasn't cheap (what in SF IS cheap?), it was a welcome oasis during a business trip.We stayed in a large corner room in the new tower. It was spacious and spotless. One view was the old tower, the other was a city view.The desk staff did warn us about the honor bar. They didn't have to, but they did. At no time did the hotel appear run down, as one reviewer had written. The common areas were fresh looking and clean.As for the staff, everyone (desk staff, housekeeping, concierge,etc) were polite and helpful. The only restaurant we visited was the Oak Room. $20+ was a little expensive for a buffet breakfast, but it WAS quite good. As others have said, there are plenty of good restaurants within an easy walk. The location was ideal. Cable car/bus at the door, Muni/BART a few blocks away.The elevators in the new tower are fast, a bit like a thrill ride. On a couple of occasions, they took us to random floors, but the view outside is neat.All in all, a good 4 star hotel in a good location.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lpag
<Content>Nothing memorable! We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of our honeymoon, the hotel was fine but I wouldnt recommend or return. Union square location is great for the shops but if I return I would prefer to stay in Union Street, North Beach or Nob Hill. Staff were friendly but the doorman and concierge didnt seem to know much, the concierge didnt look like anyone had ever asked him to call the airport to check flight times, the doorman didnt know the location of a huge department store opposite the hotel and the airport shuttle buses were unreliable. Our room was clean if a little to close to the lifts so all you could hear was all 5 of them in constant use. Drinks in the lobby bar were a little pricey and the main entrance to the hotel and lounge area was closed one night for a prom, dont think this should be able to be booked out. Enjoyed a meal in the oak room though no atmosphere and very quiet. Perhaps a great hotel when it opened and may have a lot of history but I wont return.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marshalex
<Content>Avoidable but for the location To start with the good things...in fact perhaps the only good thing....the location of this hotel is really nice! On the Union Square right near the Macy's and otehr shops etc.!Regarding the other stuff.. the hotel is really run down, the rooms and lobby badly need a renivation...the staff a lot of training!Go there if you must only for the location but for all else look elsewhere!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>carolynkernow
<Content>OK but not great I had wanted to stay at the St. Francis for a long time and finally realised my ambition we had booked htrough Virgin Holidays and this was fortunate as we got a very good rate and a de luxe room with good views. However the room and the regular hotel price would not have been worth it. The carpet had a nasty stain (unidentified) by the bedside table and the furniture lookd a little tired.The bed was as always in a Westin very comfortable and the bathroom very nice indeed and large. The hotel is in a fantastic location in San Fran. right in Union Sq with only a very short step to cable car stops, and great shopping just outside the door. The mini bar was a joke, we were warned at check in not to use any of it as it was so expensive!! and also not to move any of the stuff on the top by the coffee machine or we would be charged for things even if we had not taken them out of the mini bar, and in fact this happened twice although was refunded without question when we complained. I would say that we enjoyed our stay here but do not pay the asking price for the rooms as they are definately not worth it ( more than $300 per night) we only paid about 拢80 per night and that was good value. the best thing about the St. Francis is its location, the service in the coffee shop is non existent but you can pop outside the door and have a huge selection of bars cafes and restaurants at a fraction of the price, including The Cheesecake factory right on the doorstep. We would stay here again but only at the Virgin prices!!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>penfire
<Content>Dont Believe The Bad Reviews We just returned from a short break at the Westin St Francis.After reading the reviews we were both a little worried about the hotel and the condition of the rooms. We are happy to say that our concerns were unfounded. All the staff were very helpfull and our room in the new tower was very nice, tidy, and clean, our bathroom was lovely and spacious. The heavenly bed was as described and pleasure to be in after a hard days sight seeing.The hotel is ideally located in union square and the trolley bus stopped right outside the hotel.Great things to see and do in san francisco: Wok Wiz tour of china townFishermans WharfAlcatraz Tour (Night Tour)Cable Cars( All three lines)Coit TowerThere are some lovely restaurants in San Francisco and we reccomend Fino for great a Italian meal in the Andrews Hotel on Post StreetSears Fine Foods is great for breakfast just up the street from the Hotel.Check out the Cheesecake Factory at the top of Macy's for good food (and Cheesecake!).Would reccomend the Hotel but don't book through Priceline or Hotwire because if you pay cheap you must expect the cheap rooms!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kalopa
<Content>A perfect location on Union Sq. I just returned from a four night stay at the Westin St. Francis. This is a large and historic hotel that is located right, smack dab on Union Square. Neiman Marcus, Macy's and Sak's are footsteps away. If you've come to San Francisco to shop, this is the perfect hotel to stay. This location cannot be beat. The hotel has a line of taxis waiting, so if you need transportation, there is no wait. It was a breeze getting from the hotel to our appointments in the Downtown-ish area. I read some prior reviews and found that the people that were not satisfied ended up staying in the old tower. Basically, there is the old tower which is the original hotel and the new tower which was added on. As you would expect, the old tower is older and some would say charming. It has crown moulding, and tradiaitonal decor. My traveling partner was assigned to the old tower and was not happy as the room was very tiny. Luckily, she was alone because if more than two people were to stay in that room, they would have been tripping over each other. There was only about a 1.5 feet of clearance from the radius of the door to the corner of the bed. That is a little close in my book. Plus, the carpeting in the halls smelled musty or something. The night we arrived, there was a prom so she had no choice to but to stay in this room for a night. The next day, after I demanded a switch, she was immediately moved to a room in the new tower. Meanwhile, I was assigned a room in the new tower which was modern and spacious. It was a typical room with two queen sized beds, desk with high speed internet cables ready to go, sitting chair, armoire, etc. I had more than enough room to spread out. The bathroom was beautiful in marble and the tub/shower had a wonderful double head. The room was clean and sparkling with a beautiful city view. This was the exact opposite of the old tower. The Westin Heavenly Bed is just that.... heavenly. I was very comfortable. The hotel has three places to eat. First is Caruso's which is a casual area in the lobby, across of the check in area. The drinks were good, although a bit expensive, and served simple sandwiches and lighter fare. It was a comfortable place to relax. The waitstaff was extremely friendly. The second place is the Oak Room which appears to be like their main dining room. It has a library like feel with dark wood walls and traditional paintings. The food here was delicious and the service very friendly and attentive. This room was semi busy and even had a lounge area for drinks. The last restaurant was Michael Mina. This was the most happening restaurant of all three and was also the most expensive, by far. It had a hip ambiance and a cery crowded bar area. This restaurant seemed to serve a California Seafood/Fusion fare. If you cannot eat seafood, I would skip this restaurant as the vast majority of choices involved seafood. Service here was also attentive. This restaurant was crowded every night we were there. Overall, service in the entire hotel was very friendly and courteous. I would return to this hotel and recommend others to stay as long as you are guaranteed a room in the new tower.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NICouple
<Content>Just Unbeleiveable So Poor in a nutshell all staff SHOULD BE SACKED Could someone please spell out to the mangagement team(I WONDER DO THEY BOTHER READING CUSTOMER COMMENTS) before this place goes under top prices for the worst service ever recieved iam not joking and do not want to sound crude but ihave visited old folks nursing homes that have smelt fresher and had far better serviceTHERE REALLY ARE NO MORE EXCUSES LEFT  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Travelguy1972
<Content>Not all that special Had a very tiny room wedged into a corner (567) with no views at all, other than looking right across to a brick building. Did book on Priceline, so I guess that's what you get. The bed was nice and bouncy, and luckily the ceilings were high to offset the small room. The bathroom was so tiny, and the door didn't even open all the way, due to the doorstop, so you had to squeeze yourself in. The bathroom was renovated though and had 2 showerheads which was cool. The air-conditioner/fan was all messed up (woke up 5 times in the middle of the night to try and control the thing!- very annoying). Hallways were outdated and seemed old. $44 was quite a shocker for 24-hour parking. Good location though, right in the middle of shopping, and on the cable car street.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bazzer_2
<Content>Was reluctant to return, but found it much improved I had stayed at this hotel before and had a terrible room with lots of noise from other guests (prom party) that i moved to the Nikko. This time i was here for a work conference. I had a tiny room 1174 in the Old (Historic) building. The room was comfy, clean and well appointed with a good but small bathroom. It was located down a little corridor with only 1 other room which gave you added privacy and quiet. Services are all pretty expensive, esp room service and the gym, but that's what you'd expect for a property aimed at business travellers and conferences. The ballrooms were all spectacular. Service for such a big hotel was polite and very speedy and usually with a charming smile. The new piano bar/lounge gives the hotel lobby a great atmosphere. Much better than i expected.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chip_neely
<Content>Very Average Rooms, Beautiful lobby and great location My wife and I stayed at the Westin St. Francis in late april. We payed extra for a top end room with a view of the Bay and the City. The room was a bit tired and in need of some refreshing. It was also quite small compared to what one would expect in this price range. The view was OK, but not worth the extra money. I recommend that you request a room with a view to the NORTH or WEST rather than South (industrial view) or East (land view).  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a wonderful traditional hotel My husband I stayed at the Westin St Francis for 3 nights with 2 friends following time spent in Las Vegas (where we all renewed our wedding vows), Death Valley and Yosemite National Park. We had reserved two Traditional Rooms, preference Non-Smoking and adjoining. On arrival we were allocated rooms in the main building on the 3rd floor. However our friends were put in a room directly next to the elevator. Luckily this was pointed out by the very helpful bell lady (!) and they were moved to the 9th floor. Although we had been advised long before arrival that some renovations works were taking place during our stay we were advised that we would be allocated rooms well away from the work to avoid disturbance. However, on arrival in our room we looked out the window to discover a scaffold erected directly outside! There was also a letter awaiting us to advise us to keep the drapes closed for our own privacy as workman would be working on the scaffold at times! We were very disappointed, though the room was nice, it was not nearly as nice as the room our friends had been allocated and now they were away on the 9th floor and we had a scaffold outside our room. Unfortunately only smaller internal standard rooms were available that day but the reception staff were very helpful and promised to move us the next day to a nicer room when we were out sightseeing. We returned that late afternoon to discover we had been moved to the 9th floor- as had our luggage in our absence - to a wonderful much larger room. We had a great view of Union Square, an enormous bed which was soooo comfortable - definitely the best sleep of our holiday - and a black marble bathroom complete with the excellent 2 shower heads!We dined in the Oakland restaurant on the second night, the food and service were excellent and the waiter was very friendly and helpful. One downside was after dinner we had a drink in the lobby bar on the ground floor attached to the a la carte restaurant. Our friend ordered a sparkling mineral water with lime and unfortunately we were sorely ripped off - being charged in the region of $3 for a couple of wedges of lime on top of the price of the water!Overall, we were very impressed with the Westin. The room was very clean and comfortable and the staff were courteous, friendly and helpful. It rained continually during our entire stay but you can't control the weather!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointing We stayed at the St. Francis for a long weekend in January. While the history of the hotel adds to its charm, and the location is outstanding, the overall experience was a disappointment. We were in the new 1970's tower, and the room had a nice view, but was pretty drab and dull. The Westin also has really overdone it on the Heavenly promotion. Not only were the beds Heavenly, but so was the shower. The bed, in reality, was perfectly adequate/fine -- not heavenly. And the cheesy promotional slogan is a bit of an insult to the guests. After all, we're renting a hotel room , not buying a fast-food burger.The 1970's additions to the hotel are awkward. The check-in lobby has the old-world charm that you'd expect from the St. Francis, but the large lobby that opens onto Union Square has been re-done in a very stark, modern, dark, minimalist style with a cocktail lounge in the lobby area and the hotel's main dining room off the lobby. It just doesn't work and is truly a misuse of the space. The service was fine, the food was good, and the location is perfect, but the hotel itself needs a major overhaul to restore even a portion of its former grandeur. I think I'll try the Fairmont next time (no, I am not an employee of the Fairmont Corp.)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBFTX
<Content>Management questionable at Westin I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for a business conference in Sept 05. The hotel is historic and located in Union Square - loved the location. I was alone and was put in the old tower. The rooms are tiny - almost had to turn sideways in the bathroom. Hallway was very noisy and light came through a lot under the door. I had to put a pillow over the crack at the bottom of the door every night to block the light. Ask to stay in the new tower and the rooms are of modern size. Heavenly beds are nice except the bed is two feet away from the door. Also, I spent over an hour one night trying to send a 20-page fax to my office - the business center is awful and very expensive - eventually the front desk had to send it but I had to stand there waiting for the confirmation for 15 minutes. I saw no signs of good customer service at this hotel - they seemed overwhelmed mostly.Our group had to leave early due to Hurricane Rita in Houston - two of us did not have to pay early departure fees, but the other two could not get out of paying that fee. We work for a nonprofit organization so we felt that was disgraceful - a cat 5 hurricane was headed toward Houston for Pete's sake (and this is 2 weeks after the Katrina disaster). Interesting coming from the state that has earthquakes. We were all left wondering about the management's compassion. The hotel was full with a wait list at the time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location After booking this hotel I then read some of the reviews on this site and was nervous about what to expect. We stayed in the newly refurbished tower and the room was of an excellent standard, the rooms in the original part of the hotel I believe are quite traditional in style. Our room in the tower was modern in style and the beds were really comfy.The hotel reception area is also quite impressive and you feel like the place has a history.Finally the location is great, right on Union Square, I would reccommend staying here.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel and excellent location I booked this hotel last minute due because of the Donald Trump wealth expo in the area. This was one of the only hotels left within the area and in my price range. I heard about this landmark hotel and always wanted to stay here, but was worried because of the reviews.I'm not sure which tower I stayed in, but my room was EXCELLENT. I wasn't planning on being in the room for too long due to the conference, but just ended up staying. In terms of all the complaints, I didn't seem to see much of what they were talking about. This may be just due to luck. Everything was extremely clean. THere was little mildew in the corners of the shower, but really, doesn't majority of hotels have this and its not going to harm you in any way.. Its very miniscule. It seems that people are now nitpicking at such minor details allowing things like this to ruin a good vacation. We got a free upgrade into a double, but didn't get any of these starwood guest fruit trays. You HAVE to go on the elevators. We were on the 14th floor and went to the top floor just to experience the whole ride down and it was BEAUTIFUL!!! But we couldn't help thinking of Tower of Terror! =) THe lobby was my favorite. There are stores that I shop in inside of the hotel itself. My only gripes are: the windows have a leak, Toilet is like public restrooms, high speed internet isn't free and expensive valet is the only option (but what can you expect for a hotel in Union Square).My favorite was room service. So delicious!! I will stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>luxury in perfect location       view from hotel  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deejay21
<Content>Got more than I paid for! I got a great deal on hotwire, but was nervous after reading the reviews. When I checked in I presented the front desk staff with a Starwood Preferred Guest card and was upgraded to a deluxe room on the 22nd floor of the newly refurbished tower. The floor was designated 'Starwood Preferred guests', and it was perfect! I requested turndown service after hours and someone was sent immediately. The room was very nice, the heavenly bed wonderful. The views were incredible and coffee and tea was free. I felt very safe being on my own, and the location of the hotel is the best. I would not hesitate to go back to this hotel. The spa/fitness center was very good also.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MadMaxH33
<Content>Great Hotel, pricey but perfect I travel 50 days per year and staying in SFO there simply is no better place than the St. Francis. Although the prices for other stuff....food etc is high, the location coupled with the quietness and quality make this hotel the top. Close to the BART, in Union Square, on the Trolley line. Great Place.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orsanmichelle
<Content>Do believe the bad reviews of Westin St Francis ! I was very nervous when the Westin St Francis popped up as the accepted hotel on my Priceline bid due to the consistent poor reviews on this site. Needless to say, the reviews are all quite accurate.Upon check in , the staff person was pleasant and did upgrade us to a Tower view room which is suppose to have better rooms than the older section. If this is true, then I shudder to think what one would find in those rooms.The view was nice and room size very good for San Francisco hotels. However, this is where the good news ends. The carpet was dirty and is poor condition. Windows dirty. Bathroom dirty with black mold all along the edges. Even the ceiling had spots on it....no ventilation in the bathroom. Water spots on the pictures which looked like they had not been cleaned forever. Only clean thing really was the Heavenly bed which was very comfortable.Overall, the lobby is now dark and dreary, again looking as if it needs a deep cleaning as well.It is a shame that Westin had allowed this property to become so neglected as it truly could be such a beautiful historical hotel. Beware of getting this hotel through Priceline...the check in agent said there were over 250 Priceline bookings in the hotel on the one night we were there.If you do get this hotel, you may want to take some cleaning supplies with you .  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Glindaba
<Content>Reputation only?       Tiny bathroom  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth the price I stayed in a standard room for two nights. The pluses include walking distance to nearby sights and it was clean.Unfortunately, the first night I could not sleep because my room was located right around from the elevator and conversations and doors slamming echoed throughout the night in my room. also, whenever the heater kicked on, it was loud. I switched rooms the next night-- from the 12th floor to the third floor-- which was a bit more quieter but you can still hear doors closing from nearby rooms. Also, the room was not as nice althought it was to be an exact switch. The tiny bathroom lacked a window, was a shower only, and it had a toilet flushing system like what you would find in a public facility, where you stepped on the lever. There were also paint chips on the wall trims.The staff for the most part were nice and polite. The only person I thought was inept was the girl I dealt with when I checked in. I wasn't given a map of the city or offered a coupon to a nearby department store, which I didn't know was available until I switched rooms.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>emmab
<Content>Disappointing Firstly our room was really shabby and I couldn't believe it was a Westin hotel. We could hear our neighbor on the telephone for hours, the walls obviously paper thin. The bathroom was very small and generally our room had nothing going for it other than the view of the Christmas tree in Union Square.I also thought the security was lax as there are several entrances into the hotel which lead to elevators and it would be easy for someone to wander in.We were woken by housekeeping at 8am as there was no Do not disturb sign. Also the Housekeeping closet was just along the hallway and the staff chatted loudly for quite a while, spoiling our lie-in.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price I booked the St Francis thru Priceline for three nights at a good rate, but upon arrival was told it would be 35.00 more a night for a king bed. This was in the older noisy section. Recent bookings for the same price were much better at the Omni,,,and the Grand Hyatt. There are lots of great Hotels in San Francisco with better accomodations.RDF, Cameron Park, Ca  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>miss_particular
<Content>Not that bad We stayed at this hotel for about a week near the holidays, which was our first time. We had previously avoided it because we had read about the lack of service and old decor. I ended up booking at the hotel because of an irresistible last minute online rate, and we were pleasantly surprised.It's not the newest and shiniest hotel on the block, but it has a wonderful ambience, particularly in the lobby. The other common areas could use updating, but it certainly wasn't as dingy was we had feared. Our room was on one of the highest floors and had a view of the bridge. It was clean, very spacious with a separate seatinig area, and room service was nonobtrusive and attentive. Valet is expensive but competitive for the area. I would allow extra time for car retrieval at peak times, like checkout at noon. There is a WONDERFUL restaurant in the hotel, which I highly recommend. There is also a comfy bar area in the lobby where you can get drinks and lounge on plush seating. Location right on Union Square is perfect.There are better places to stay in the Union Square area. But all in all, I would return if the price was right.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cliolady
<Content>A good hotel, would stay here again We stayed at the Westin St Francis in September. Afteran 11-hour flight from Heathrow with no in-flightentertainment (due to an onboard fault soon aftertakeoff), we arrived in San Francisco. It didn鈥檛 takeus long before we got the transport to the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel, it didn鈥檛 take long tobook in - just a matter of minutes. We were given aroom on the 9th floor of the old building, the roomwas large with a king-size bed and it was welldecorated and clean. We are Starwood members, which isfree to join. We went to have a look around SanFrancisco, and upon our return we found in our room, atray of fruit, bread and cheese, and water. This, wefound out is afforded to Starwood members and whichjust adds a nice touch. By the way, we had a side viewof Union Square. We would recommend this hotel and wewould stay at this hotel again. It is close to theshops and also for the Cable Cars to take you toFisherman鈥檚 Wharf, which we did, on quite a fewoccasions.We went on the Alcatraz trip. We did the 9.30ambooking, and we would advise anyone wanting to do thistrip is to book it before you arrive in San Francisco,We booked it over the Internet, and we are so gladthat we did because the four days that we were in SanFrancisco the trip was nearly fully booked up and thequeues to try and get tickets was long. In theafternoon we went on the City tour with Blue and Gold,and that trip was excellent, saw parts of the citythat we wouldn鈥檛 have seen otherwise on our own.We did the day trip to Yosemite, we had read that itwas a long way to go just for a day, but we thought itwas worth it, as once again we saw some lovelycountryside on the way. We had a couple of breaksbefore we got to the park. We only had 2陆 hours there,but it was well worth it as it gave us the insight, soif we went again we would stay over at least for anight . The driver was very knowledgeable, and told usquite a bit about the park and the areas that we wentthrough. When we came back over the Golden Gate Bridgeat sunset, on the way back, that was the icing on thecake at the end of a wonderful day. As I said earlier,if you don鈥檛 mind coach journeys the trip isworthwhile.One trip that we would recommend that is differentfrom the normal City trip is the trip on the FireEngine. Well worth the money. Once again, we bookedthis trip on the Internet, as we did with all ourtrips. A husband and wife crew, who are very friendlyand cheerful, operates the trip. Also you get to bedressed up in a fireman鈥檚 jacket. The vehicle is a1950鈥檚 fire engine. They took us to some differentplaces of the city that we hadn鈥檛 seen. Also, we wentover the Golden Gate Bridge and stopped at a placewhere we had our photo taken on the fire engine withthe bridge in the background using our own cameras soit didn鈥檛 cost us the extra for a souvenir photo. Whenyou have your photo taken, you also get to wear afireman鈥檚 helmet.I  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yayeo
<Content>Cannot believe this is a Westin hotel! We booked for 2 rooms and stayed for 6 nights in Dec 2005 after spending 3 nights at the Westin Chosun in Seoul. Although our 2 rooms are of good size, we were disappointed with the amenities provided in them. The only teacups we could find were paper cups (appalling we thought!). No wine glasses are supplied either. We did managed to get the proper china teacups and a couple of wine glasees from housekeeping. However, those were removed and not replaced when they serviced the room the next day. There was also no Do Not Disturb sign that we could hang on the door and housekeeping kept knocking on our door every so often, as early as 8.30 am. The amenities in the bathrooms was just as bad. Apart from towels, soaps, shampoo and conditioner and body lotion, there was nothing else. No shower caps, no emery boards etc ... As far as Westin goes, this hotel is of very poor standard (we are Starwood members and have stayed in many Sheraton or Westin hotels around the world). The only thing it has got going for it is the location.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RedLauri
<Content>Service what service????? After getting no help with our luggage despite waiting at the main entrance for 15 minutes, my husband and I queued for 20 minutes to check in and were advised that we had no reservation, after waiting another 20 minutes the clerk said that our reservation dates had been changed - by us. This was untrue, we had booked 6 months prior and had not changed our plans. Eventually we went to our room, we had paid a premium to stay in a deluxe room, in what was rated as a 5 star hotel. To me the room was nothing more than a standard double room. When I asked for them to check my booking, after another delay I was told that this room was correct. As tourists we had requested a room with a view, our view was of an industrial sized air conditioning unit and a brick wall.During the trip we asked the reception staff where we could be served a drink, either lobby or bar(this was at 10.15pm on a friday evening) the receptionist suggested either I use my mini bar or go across the street to the liquor store as the bars weren't really very good. My husband was taken ill and rushed into the local emergency room, in the late evening. When returned with him to our room I asked if the hospital had any arrangement for out of hours pharmacy. I was given a scrap of paper torn from the directory and a map and told it's only a fifteen minute walk to the all night Walmart but I don't know if they can help....this is the response of a 5* hotel to a female overseas visitor whose husband has just been relased from hospital!!! The hotel was at best average but the staff dreadful. Do not waste your tourist dollar here!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Venturing
<Content>Nice weekend spent out of the hotel My wife and I spent a weekend at the Westin St Francis in Feb 2003. We were very happy with the rate booked via Expedia, however upon check-in, we were presented with an upgrade (SPG Elite) to a room with street view overlooking Union Square. Well, I believe they ulitmately put us in a parlor room with a 1 or 2 foot view of the square. The room was set too far back and the view was blocked by the building itself. The Westin Heavenly bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large enough for 2 to get ready in the morning.The staff was fine, valet was a bit slow, and parking was very expensive ($36 per day). I would return to San Francisco, however I would probably stay at a different hotel in that area.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The St. Francis just doesn't care We stayed for one night. The room was fine for the price (Hotwire $65). We had a small bottle of wine from the mini-bar for $18. It was not bad. When we checked out, I told the desk clerk about the wine and paid $18. When we got home, two $18 charges were on our credit card bill. I called the St. Francis on a Saturday to get their mistake corrected. The desk clerk said there was nothing he could do and said I would have to talk to accounting between 9-5 during the week. He didn't offer to take a message and somehow seemed to suggest that this whole thing was my fault. It's funny how the hotel is able to charge your card 24-7, but when they take your money without cause, suddenly it's very difficult for them to give it back. Very poor attitude and service.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hope2008_8
<Content>Old, Smelly, Dingy and Creepy I used Priceline to book a standard room. I put in 4 star hotel and named my price. I used their name your own price option and was amazed that I got a standard room at the Westin St. Francis in San Francisco for less than $100. I was really looking forward to staying there, however, when I got to my room I was completely shocked. Right when I got off the elevator the smell in the hallway was terrible. It smelled like an old basement and the lighting was very dim. It is creepy and when I got to my room the smell was even stronger. The room was the size of my closet, the walls had plaster that was coming off and the toilet was old and made a lot of noise when you flushed (the kind of noise that wakes you up when someone upstairs flushes - which happened to us). We ended up not upgrading the room (costs started adding up when you factor in the $45 charge for parking overnight at the hotel) and slept there for that night, but I felt I was suffocating from the smell. The bed was a queen size bed, not the king size I've gotten in other hotels in the past for that price. I feel that Priceline was not honest in that they should have put this room as a 1-star room. It is the worst hotel room I have stayed in ever. I have stayed in better rooms in motels. I would not recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy_hippo_11
<Content>Great value for money!! I managed to get a fantastic deal on this hotel from Hotwire - it was $75 without taxes. So of course I was thrilled at getting a 4 star hotel right on the doorstep of Union Square for that price.As expected, the parking was exorbitant - but I figured, for the convenience, why not? It was $44+tax. However, when I was checking in at the coutner, I found out that the car parking rates start again every day at 1pm, so even if you arrive at midnight, you will be charged for a 2nd day if you park beyond 1pm the next day. I was annoyed at that so asked for my car to be returned to me. The valets did so without a fuss and even suggested other garages for me to go to. I ended up at the Union Square garage (right below Union Square, entrance opposite Macy's), which is $30 (tax included) for a proper 24 hour block. And plus, it's only a 2 minute walk from the hotel.The room, although not huge, was sufficient for my husband and I. The bed was incredible (as expected) and the shower powerful and great for sore walking muscles. For my parents-in-law, I also got the same room on Hotwire, but apparently the rate only applied to a queen bed room. So I paid the hotel an extra $35 to upgrade them to a slightly bigger 2 double bed room. My in-laws enjoyed this hotel much more (out of those they'd already stayed in the rest of the holiday) because 1) wonderful location 2) great beds and showers 3) bar downstairs where they could have a nightcap before heading back up.The walk-in rate for this hotel was $149 for a double room. I wouldn't stay there for that price, but at the hotwire price? Every time!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>srca
<Content>The St. Francis is getting better 10 years ago and more, we got into the habit of spending a day or two at the St. Francis with our children, over Christmas. We loved the big old rooms in the older part, and once stayed in the tower and loved that, and the prices were great over the holidays.But since then, the quality of the hotel has gone way down. My wife and I decided to give it a try once more, and I'm here to say that it is getting better. Our $199 deluxe, high-floor tower room was first-rate and had a great view. I for one was greatful for the over-priced minibar. To get a reasonably priced drink or meal you have to leave the hotel, and I regard a minibar as worth the money when I'm tired or in need of a 2 a.m. snack.Exploring the hotel, they are remodelling dozens of rooms in the older section. It's good to see they are putting some money in it at last.I agree with the comments that describe the check-in process as chaotic. It always has been at that season, but we got the room we were promised, and I'll plan to go back, probably getting a couple of rooms in the old section next time.Parking is very expensive. You can park across the street for $30 for 24 hours at the Union Square garage, though that wasn't an option for us on a rainy night  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trigirl81
<Content>Great location, okay room... Based on the other reviews, I would recommend staying in the newer tower if you ever stay there. The best thing the St. Francis has going for it is the location.My family and I had two rooms there on December 30th. Although I had been excited to stay there based on the location and having been in the lobby, I was less than thrilled with the room. We were in the older tower, and the room was TINY! And, smelled musty. The beds were great, as I've come to expect at the Westin, but the room needed updating. The doorknob on our adjoining room kept falling off. The bathroom was barely big enough for one person to get ready in. When we first arrived at the hotel our rooms weren't even ready, even though it was after check-in time. And, then we had to wait in line again an hour later to get our keys. Our room had a decent view of the city, and a pirate flag flying on the building below.We ate breakfast at the coffee bar - okay, but Starbucks is only a block away. And, dinner right across the street at the Daily Grill which is always good. I might consider staying here again in the new tower if the room rate is reasonable. Oh, and you're not going to get away from the exhorbitant parking charges at any comparable hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jan97
<Content>Well below par Oh my god, when i read the review from the pilots wife a few before mine it was like our experience all over again. I had come from England and spent 3 days in Las Vegas and then planned a 3 day trip to SF at the W S Francis, i had been planning the trip for nearly 6 months. We were tired on arrival having a 6am check in at the airport, when i arrived into our upgraded deluxe room with a view i actually did burst into tears, we had a view of the car park across the street!!!!!!! My husband went to reception to ask to be moved which we were, to a room overlooking the square, the one and only good thing about this room. it Staank!!!!!!!!!! We had an Ozone machine brought up, sprayed the room with perfume and left all the windows wide open. The room had obviously had smokers in, everything stank of smoke and a fusty old smell like an old peoples home, it did not get any better. Someone had removed the fire alarm from the ceiling. Bathroom was grimy and had mildew growing up the walls, the bath was anything other than heavenly!!! Bed apart from being smelly was OK but couldnt enjoy our stay at all, overall save your money and go somewhere more modern, and clean, this place spoiled our whole trip to SF and we couldnt wait to get back to Vegas YUK YUK YUK  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ltt123
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay The St. Francis was our teenagers choice. They loved all the action in the lobby and in Union Square.We were able to get a last minute room for under $150.00. The room in the newer part of the hotel was quite nice. It was more spacious than other San Francisco 4 star hotels in S.F. The only negative was the shower lever falling off in my hand. The room was very clean and quiet. I was a little disappointed that they did not have umbrellas to use in the rain storm, as many hotels do in S.F. The staff apologized and sent us to Walgreens down the street.Overall we enjoyed our stay and for that price we will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChristieBett
<Content>Not the best of Westin We stayed here four nights, including Christmas. The lobby and location of the hotel are fantastic. You are right in Union Square and just blocks from MUNI and the F Cars. Our room was in the newer tower on the 18th floor. It was an average room, not too large. The bed was the usual Heavenly bed and very comfortable, but outside of that, a rather average room. The parking was $44 a day, but compared to surrounding garages, that was actually the cheapest! We didn't eat in any of the restaurants, but Sears' Fine Dining and Lefty O'Douls just outside of the hotel both had good breakfasts. Overall, not the usual Westin experience I've had in the past, especially as a Starwood member.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GREAT! I stayed at the Westin St Francis for 5 days in early December. It was booked for me by SF friends so I didn't bother to read any Trip Advisor reviews which is probably a good thing now that I see the many bad experiences people have had! My stay didn't start off very well when reception couldn't find my booking. They even went so far as to ask me if I was in the right hotel! They finally found the booking and directed me to a room in the old part of the hotel, overlooking Union Square and the enormous Xmas tree. I'm not sure if I was somehow upgraded during the booking mix up, but the room was lovely (walk in dressing room, desk + chair, couch + armchair, coffee table etc) and COMPLETELY different to those described by other reviewers. The room was bright, quiet, nicely decorated and an excellent size. I didn't use any of the hotel facilities (eg parking, gym etc) so I can't comment on those, but I was really happy with my stay and the hotel's excellent location right on Union Square.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VacationsRGreat
<Content>Good location, ok accomodations We knew from the reviews that it would be an OK experience. We booked two rooms in the tower since we'd read not so good things about the traditional rooms. Pros:Location, can't beat being right on Union Square.Decor was decent.Cons:Peeling wallpaper in one room.Mold on the grout around the tub.Parking was $44 a night.Given that it was the holiday season, we knew it would be busy and right after we got to the check-in desk a huge line formed behind us. Depending on what you're looking for, you can find more interesting boutique hotels in the area for less but they won't be right on Union Square.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I can't believe it's a 4 star! I was thrilled when my Priceline result came back as the St. Francis. We had stayed there 3 years ago, and our room was beautiful. We arrived at the St. Francis for a romantic belated birthday/pre-Christmas getaway. With 3 small children and a husband who's a pilot time alone is at a premium. We had a beautiful dinner planned along with tickets to the theater. We were elated.Then we entered our room. I immediately had to fight back tears. It smelled awful, like old urine. Everything but the bed (which literally took up 80% of the room) was the ONLY thing not in disrepair. We have stayed in many old, historic hotels. This was nothing like them. It was certainly old. Instead of being well-maintained everything else was basically falling apart. The door frames were cracked with wood missing. The walls had cracks, as well. The plaster or heavy paint on the ceiling was peeling off in huge pieces. The bathroom was super tiny, and the tile in the shower was mildewed. It had, of course, a view of nothing. There was nothing about this room that was nice. It had a dresser with a t.v. on top and a nightstand and that's it. The outlet coverplates were broken in half exposing the insides. Everywhere you looked you saw something else that was in need of repair. I wouldn't have paid $20 for the room. It was gross. The upside is that my husband called the front desk and the first woman he talked to was very kind and accomodating, offering to switch our room immediately. The woman who actually DID switch our room on the other hand, was less then helpful and her manner was abrasive. Although, ultimately she did put us in one of their newer rooms at the other side of the hotel. This room was nice. It was a good size, but overall just a standard room. Nothing about it would set it apart from your basic Marriott. It boggles my mind how any hotel can get a rating of 4 stars and offer customers rooms like the first one they offered us. I wish now that I had thought to take out my phone and snap some photos of the room so that I could post them. Also, as a side-note...we all know parking is at a premium in S.F. and it's certainly true at the St. Francis. They charged us $54 (including a 14% city tax)per night because we have a Toyota Sequoia which apparently falls into the oversized vehicle category. It's $9 more a night then a standard car. We wished we had taken our Acura! In all, it was an o.k. experience once we had our room switched, but it makes me EXTREMELY nervous to use Priceline in the future when booking rooms in the City. On the bright side, dinner at Farallon was INCREDIBLE, and right across from the St. Francis. The service was flawless. Everyone at the tables surrounding us were raving about their meals. I didn't hear one person say they tried something they didn't like. It's considered a seafood restaurant, and although they offer incredibly fresh fish dishes, they do have a selection of meat dishes as well that looked amazing. White Christmas at the Orpheum was fabulous.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a typical Westin The location of the St. Francis is awesome and I found the staff friendly and helpful, contrary to other reviews but that's where it ends. The first room I was in faced out to the street, well come 1 am I paid for that. Drunks, garbage trucks and delivery trucks kept me up until 3 am. Then come 5:30 am, the elevator, which happens to be right behind my room, starts up. I switched rooms the next day, with no questions from the staff. I was moved into an interior room which was very quiet but it was in need of major renovation. The mold on the bathroom ceiling was especially wrong. I also couldn't believe the nickel and diming. $44 a night for parking! The fitness area, $16 a day, I never used it because of the principle of the price. San Francisco is a great city and I would love to go back but I would not stay at the St. Francis.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing! We stayed just one nite (05-10-8) and were very disappointed. Room was okay but nothing special for 5 stars. After first entered our room with the key card we've needed to return to the reception three times (! - personal and via housecall) to re-enter the room again! After 30 minutes there was somebody who meet us at the room's door to let us in! Another strange thing: it seems that the hotel's management needs to earn any cent: on the minibars pricelist they really charged the coffee and tea making! And they charged the gym-usage (okay in Las Vegas it is common practise but as well in SFO?). So, we wouldn't recommend this hotel to friends..  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZhengHe
<Content>Strobe lights... This 100-year-old hotel has a great location and impressive lobby, with nice crown mouldings as one reader pointed out.Unfortunately you can't sleep in the lobby. I stay in over 100 nights a year in Starwood hotels around the world and have seen some great Westins. But this is not one of them. As such a frequent guest I was put into a handicap accessible room, which means no separate shower, and strobe lights went off in the room when somebody rang my doorbell. If they treat their best guest this way, imagine what kind of room you'll get.No water in the room unlike other Westins. And the kicker is, when I called down in the morning to request a local newspaper, I was told you can buy it downstairs. This is the only Westin in the world that does not give you a copy of newspaper to their Starwood Platinum guest. Truly amazing.I used to stay here in the late '80s and early '90s, and was always impressed with the hotel. So I was really looking forward to this return trip in over 10 years. Unfortunately so much has changed. This hotel has past its prime. I quickly cancelled my 6-night stay the following month. I think at the Park Hyatt they understand the value of a returning guest. You can find better options in San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Chambord
<Content>A right doesn't make up for a wrong Long before our arrival at St. Francis for our holiday weekend stay, I had made reservations at their Oak Room for Thanksgiving dinner. Considering the upscale price of the dinner we were anticipating a first class experience.What we encountered was no class at all. The hostess who greeted us in the doorway offered us a seating arrangement with two tables that didn't match in height and was crowded up to the buffet selection area. We looked around and there were ample unoccupied tables of the same height that could have been placed together. We told her our name and number of guests for the reservation but there was no check list that she looked at from what I could observe. She called for the manager to see if another table would be ready. Instead of suggesting that we sit at the bar and wait for an acceptable table we were given argument that the makeshift table was our only choice. We have had dinners many places where the waitstaff had no idea they would be serving a party of 5-6 and they gladly pushed tables together and fixed the place settings for us.  In this case it was an advance reservation for a party of five. We had even stopped by an hour early to ask if the dinner included complimentary wine ( which it did not) and told the hostess we would be back by our reservation time. We should have realized when she didn't even check off our name that it was not as selective a place to dine as we thought it would be. The discussion with the manager escalated to the point where instead of accommodating us he refused to seat us and called hotel security. I guess we were holding up a line of 3 couples and that was the maneuver to get us out of the way. A representative from the hotel said that the Westin cannot control the management of the restaurants they allow in their building but they were willing to credit our rooms for one night and suggested a restaurant that offered similar fare for the inconvenience we were experiencing.We provided our own transportation to a nearby hotel restaurant, Fournou's Oven at the Stanford Court , and it was a $470 night that the Oak Room could have earned besides denying their waitstaff a generous gratuity. As for the Westin itself, I agree with comments made in other reviews. It has a magnificent lobby and friendly bellhops but the housekeeping leaves much to be desired.Our sons' room had robes but ours did not. Our shower curtain had questionable matter on it; a burned out lightbulb was never replaced , the bulb was set out for the maid to see and replace ;wet carpeting had pieces of glass on it and a hand towel had traces of blood which indicated that someone broke a glass, was cut, and it did not get cleaned up thoroughly before we checked in. An empty water bottle was found under the edge of the bed 3 days into our stay and the coup de grace was the wine glasses.The clean glasses were actually speckled with chunks of debris.Even with the windows closed , sirens could be heard throughout the night - I thought I was in NYC with all the police/ambulance activity that we heard.The bed was indeed heavenly but the early housekeeping activity did not allow for late morning indulging. The heating system was not very quiet either.The bathroom amenities did not include a disposable showercap, mouthwash, q-tips, shoe mitt,or cotton balls like we are used to receiving at other hotels such as the Hilton, Marriott, Hyatt and SwissHotel. In conclusion I think if a guest is a Starwood elite member then it should mean something to the hotel and they should book us accordingly. Unfortunately it is human nature to remember the bad and overlook the good. The manager of the Oak Room whose name I am not allowed to mention in this review spoiled an otherwise nice time in the city.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed I booked a Union Square view room several months ago but when we checked in we were told no rooms facing the Square were available but they offered to upgrade us to a Jr. Suite (great but it still didn't face the Square). Very noisy rooms both from the hallways and the street bands that played until late, late in the evening. I finally called security who in turn called the police to break up the corner band. Old musty smell in room, clothing hook in bathroom broken. No complimentary water until asked for. Parking for 2 days a little over $80., the Heavenly Bed was so so. Their 260 thread count luxury sheets didn't hold a candle to my at home 1000 count. When the heater kicked off it was like someone slamming a door right next to your head. This went on several times during the night. Our hallway smelled of Marijuana and when leaving the Oak Room after a mediocre meal 3 street teens with skate boards were walking through the halls reaching up with their boards and breaking the chandelier crystals. Mr. Berlin an employee of the hotel was most gracious and I think one of the only good things going for the St. Francis. Over rated and over priced. Our favorite is the Ritz Carlton but there are many little boutique hotels in the Square area far more appealing then the St. Francis. We stayed once but never again-..  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>meowlover
<Content>This hotel's a charmer I love beautiful crown moulding, old doors and doorknobs, windows that actually open and chandeliers. All these were present in my room at the Westin St. Francis. I stayed in the old tower for two nights on business. I loved it. The hotel is just gorgeous and my room was lovely, and I am very particular when it comes to hotel rooms. I paid $199 a night, after haggling ALOT on the phone and finally getting their lowest available rate. It was well worth it.The room was nice - beautiful old doors and windows and that great big nice bed. The bathroom was pretty, yet the tub was very old. I would not take a bath in that thing! Unless they sandblasted it first. But if you like showers, that heavenly dual shower head makes up for the bad tub. I opened the windows and listened to the sound of the city and woke up to fresh air. I love that!Now the rest of the story - the gym was $12.00 to work out in, and it was OK. They do nickel and dime you a bit, as the water at the gym was $4.00. And they could have had better weight benches and mats, but overall it was fine. The girl at the gym's front desk asked me if I wanted a towel - as if most people don't... it was kind of wierd. The lounge area downstairs is a bit odd, as you get a drink in the lobby - and it is not cosy at all. But good people watching. The public areas are just lovely.I did not order room service or eat at the hotel, but the prices looked sky high. I saw more than one couple walking in with groceries for their room. The employees were all nice and respectful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes old world charm and history. It was lovely.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cwbyht
<Content>Great, BUT...... Well the room was great. I stayed in the tower on an upper floor. The bed is one of the most comfortable I have slept in all my life! The view was incrediable. I sat in front of the window, drinking a beer, and taking it all in. BUT... this is where it starts. That beer which I got from the mini bar was $12! Everything is obscenely over priced here. $27.50 for an average martini in the hotel bar, $15 for an hors derve tray, that was nothing more than crackers and cheese. $50 for the breakfast buffet! Thats just plain insulting to your guests. It seems like the St. Francis is one big clip joint. Even the wealthy guests told me, they felt taken advantage of. The staff, was very unfriendly, and I was shocked that professional service people could act this way. I will not stay here again. The bed and view, were not worth it.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	1	5	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>WestcliffeBob
<Content>Great building and location, but... I stayed at the St. Francis three nights while at a conference. It is a wonderful old building right on Union Square. I had a room in the old section and it was small but well-appointed. My complaints relate to the slowness of service at the front desk, a $2 charge for even local calls and the lack of any lounge area that was free. The hotel is squeezing nickels and dimes out of patrons and that leaves a bad taste. Next time, I will look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>flipflopgirl
<Content>Does Not Meet Its Potential This is a beautiful hotel with great potential. But sadly, it does not meet that potential. My business booked more than 10 hotel rooms in addition to a large meeting room as part of a large convention. There was a last minute change; one of my co-workers couldn't go so I went in her place. We lost our deposit on that room. We still used the room!!! But because it was a name change we lost our deposit.Terrible customer service. As soon as we walked into the lobby, there was an old man telling everyone that they would not be able to check in the rooms. But when we got to the counter, they told us to disregard the crazy old man and we were able to check in. Where is management? Terrible first impression. Highway Robbery - Internet costs $15 for 24 hours and it is NOT a wireless connection. At 8 am, the housekeeper walked in without knocking and scared me to death because I was sleeping. When I mentioned it at the front desk, they shrugged it off. 8 am is a bit obscene! It's definitely not worth the amount of money spent.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A business hotel, agencies book you single rooms When booking my holiday touring California I was smitten with Westin St Francis it was the only hotel I was convinced that I MUST stay at. After reading some reviews I decided to do a little digging around. I booked my holiday with ebookers (BIG MISTAKE), they are useless. Because we had booked via an agency we were put in a small internal room in the old building. When we arrived the receptionist was not at all helpful, not what I expected from America at all. When I asked if the room was for single occupancy she said yes it was, I replied with well there are 2 of us, she looked at me as if I had 3 heads. She said the hotel was full, how many rooms, I asked to be put on a reserved list for another room and never heard a thing not that I am suprised I dont even think she made a note.The moment we stepped out of the lift this horrible smell hit us (which I can only describe as an old peoples home). The room was very old and if you looked closely very shabby. But to be honest it was ok, but only ok and was not worth the money. However, the bed and the location were excellent and made it all ok. The location of the hotel was perfectly located hotel and I recommend the cafe straight opposite in the square for the best Latte.We asked reception at midnight where we could get a drink and they looked at each other gone out, we were advised to sit in the foyer and someone would come and serve us, after 15 minutes we gave up, the prices were ridiculous anyway.I felt this hotel was focussed heavily on business and not for tourists and the staff were the most rude and unfriendly out of all the places we stayed.If you want a bargain breakfast and dont mind no frills but good customer service walk from the reception desks as tho you were going to the exit in union square, but before you get to that foyer turn right at the corridor and go to Lefty Odouls, Great place  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay We had a truly wonderful stay at the Westin. It was Charming, elegant and the position on Union Square perfect. The staff friendly and helpful at all times. Loved the twin showerheads and the glass elevator. Our room was on the 21st floor with a view of the bay in the distance.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TucHippo
<Content>Wonderful Stay Spent two nights in a 5th floor corner room in the main (original) part of the hotel. Warm greeting at check-in (even though I was there just before noon) and I was quickly given my room (am a Starwood Preferred member). A few items in the room showed some wear but the amenties were very good, staff was helpful and the room had the Old World charm I prefer in a city property like this. Room service was pricey but good (the signature crab omelette is excellent); health club was well-equipped and attractive. Overall a great, relaxing stay in a historic and classy property.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hartss
<Content>Disappointing Thw Westin St. Francis was a BIG disappointment. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member, and have stayed at at least 10 Westins this year. This was one of the two worst. First, the bad:1. The room, in the newer tower section, showed a lot of wear, especially the wood bathroom mirror frame, which was really water-damaged. 2. The windows were FILTHY on the outside. A shame, as the view of Nob Hill and Coit Tower was quite beautiful. 3. As a frequent business traveler, it galls me that most nice hotels charge at least $9.95 a night for internet access - and not wireless, at that. The Westin St. Francis has the nerve to charge $14.95 a night for something that should be free. Internet access is not a luxury to business travelers, and this hotel's fee is highway robbery. It is a way for them to advertise lower room rates, just like not including the tax like other nations require. My $229 rate was actually $270 with internet and tax included. Can you say BAIT and SWITCH? EGREGIOUS!4. There is no security at this hotel to stop tourists and whoever else from riding the scenic elevators. They can get off at any guest floor they want en route to the top floor. Not good. 5. The doormen were surly and rude when asked for directions. I mean really rude and really surly. What is this hotel' s management thinking? Are they blind? Are they inept? Both? I am going to forward these points to Starwood's headquarters.The good:1. Room was clean.2. Bed was comfortable.3. Concierges were knowledgeable and helpful.Not enough good, though, to counter the bad. A real shame.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ttrainerboy
<Content>Lovely end to our holiday My husband and i stayed at the Westin at the end of our 2 week holiday,and we certainly finished on a high note.This hotel is fantastic.Better than we thought after reading some of the reviews.I can only say some people must be really hard to please.Its in a great position,right on union square,with the cable cars running right outside.Loads of irish bars and nice litle bars to eat,which we did as it was expensive in the hotel.Fishermans wharf was something else with all the seafood stalls.Abit dissapointed with china town,abit scruffy,but everything else was fantastic.We will definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tammigop
<Content>San Francisco Gem! We stayed at the Westin one night for our friend's wedding. I made a reservation through the Rooms Reservations Manager- and he was wonderful about a great rate, and he attempted to upgrade the room. HOWEVER- at check-in- the front desk agent decided to void the upgrade to speed us through the line! I was very disappointed that he never even asked us if we'd like to wait for the upgraded room!! When we arrived at our room on the 11th floor, the door was OPEN! The room was clean and ready for us, but it was VERY disconcerting that the door to our room would be OPEN! The room was nice- the bathroom was typical San Francisco- VERY petite! The chandelier in the sleeping room was a nice touch.. The heavenly bed was a little less than heavenly- but it did the trick. For the location in San Francisco, if I was a tourist, this would be an impressive place to stay- but being a local, I expected a bit more!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>robpco
<Content>Avoid the temptation We booked through Westin 800 number and were assured a nice room. When we arrived we were shocked at the room. Small, smelly and plain. After arguing with the front desk they put us in a smoking room in the new tower. My brother stayed the same time and had a larger room in the old section. The room was very old and in serious need of renovation. For what they charge you can do much better in San francisco.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel and location Stayed for 3 nights in San Francisco. This hotel is on union square which is an excellent location, with cable cars stopping just outside. All staff were friendly, but sometimes felt a little underdressed in shorts especially in grand lobby area. The room was clean and spacious, and the bed and shower being heavenly were heavenly!The lifts were like a theme park ride, after first 4 floors you could see outside through glass, i felt a little sick until i got used to it. Went up to top floor to take photos of views.Would stay in this hotel again when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real Curates Egg - great Manhattans, though! On arriving, I inadvertantly joined the wrong check-in queue - I was told that the queue I was in was for Starwood 'Preferred Guests' only. Am I alone in thinking that for $330 per night, all guests should be 'Preferred'?No help was offered with our (substantial) luggage - in fact, apart from the efficient and friendly receptionist and the charming waitress in the cocktail lounge (by the main entrance) staff were a bit full of themselves. Dirty wine glasses left in the room by housekeeping  petty charges were a main annoyance - for example, the room service menu carries a service charge - fair enough, but on top of that they then whack on a 'delivery charge' - what is a delivery charge if not a service charge? The room was superb - on the 28th floor overlooking Union Square. Overall, the hotel was aesthetically beautiful. I would suggest that the management take a trip to Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to find out what service actually means. I would also recommend you try the Manhattans - the best I have ever tasted!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, fantastic place, expansive parking We stayed at St. Francis for 5 nights. We booked the hotel in Europe and the price is really okay if you book it at a traveller office in Europe and not online on there homepage. You get much cheaper rates.The hotel is directly on the union square. It is easy to go to fishermans warf with the cable car, to walk to china town, italian town or coit tower. Or simply go shopping to market street.The room is a little bit small if you want to have only one bed for two. The bathroom was old and not that nice. It does not fit to the rest of the room.We were for 3 weeks in the USA and San Francisco was our last stop. We had a rental car and the bigest problem at the St. Francis for me was the expansive parking garage. I think a hotel like the St. Francis should have a parking garage for free for there guests. The garage for one day with in and out costs 44 Dollars. Anyway the parking in San Fran is expansive but at the St. Francis its much more expansive. So if you ever come by car to the St. Francis: Park at the Sutter-Stockten Garage. It's only a 3 minutes walk from the St. Francis and has cheaper rates.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JacksonLondon_UK
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location- We loved it! We were a bit hesitant at first with this hotel after reading a few reviews. However, we loved the hotel, and our overall stay there. We had 7nts in the new tower block with a delux suite. The room was clean and nicely decorated with a great view (20 floors up). The lifts were great, every morning stepping into the glass elevator with a 180degree view accross the city was uplifting. The lifts also plays music!We found the location perfect, very close to shopping and transport needs.The hotel has a lot of history which we were fascinated by, and the gift shop even sold a history guide to the hotel for a few dollars!We had nothing bad to say about the place appart from the front desk- checking in was very slow. However, after that no complaints at all. We loved it!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>na07950
<Content>Not as bad as some/not as good as others... I stayed at the St. Francis this past week attending a conference that was at the hotel. Even though I didn't have much choice on hotels, I still checked out the reviews here in advance. Fortunately (for me!) my experience was better than average, although I still don't think I'd stay there again. I was in the old section of the hotel and had a large room on the seventh floor. The beds and shower are fantastic and it's clear that money has been spent in these cosmetic areas. The down side was that my room was somewhere by the garbage collection area so I was awakened very early every morning. The hotel is a grand old hotel and does show wear and tear.....and could definitely use a cosmetic upgrade. But it was also sold out so I guess they're not terribly motivated to change. I had some problems with the internet connection and the help desk supporting the hotel was excellent. Also wasn't charged for the internet connection..although that could have been a billing mistake that will show up later. Bottom line recommendation: the hotel's in a great area, but there are definitely a lot of other choices to try!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>strwbrryki
<Content>Simply heavenly! After touring around the western coast of America, San Fransisco was our final stop. My boyfriend and I booked our stay at The Westin St. Francis months in advance at the very begining of the year. Our first impressions were very good - the lobby was fantastic, very grand!! However our joy was short lived. Upon reaching the check in desk we were informed that the hotel had been over booked and there were no rooms available for us, and they had booked us in at a hotel opposite. We had been given no prior notice of this rearrangement - and personally I think that because my boyfriend and I were not business clients, we were consequently down graded. We were assured that our 2nd and 3rd nights stay would be back at the Westin St. Francis however, and that we would be refunded for our first night in the alternative hotel. On arriving at this hotel it was clearly apparent that the two hotels were not of the same class or splendour, and although we agreed to the new arrangement we later returned to the Westin to voice our displeasure. To be honest the staff were very apologetic, and the reception manager explained that we were also going to be given an upgraded room when we returned the following day. We were not disappointed - we were booked in as Preferred Guests, and were given an absolutley fantastic room on the 26th floor of the tower building with an amazing view of the city. The bed was king size, and pillows and bedding were heavenly!! The duel headed shower made a very relaxing shower, and we were provided with bath robes, and gorgeous toiletries! On our arrival we were also sent up a letter of apology for our troubles, accompnied by a bottle of chilled champagne, strawberries, and a box of chocolates!! It would seem that it was worth the whole initial disappointment! Breakfast was also very good, although a little expensive at $50 including tax for a breakfast buffet for 2 people. The hotel itself is in a great location, with the cable car stop just outside. There are also plenty of shops in the surrounding area, and lots of great bars and restaurants near by. We would definately stay at this hotel again - the view from our window was worth every penny!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lizattiledepot
<Content>room smelled dogs Booked the st francis through Thomas Cook holidays - was told it was an fabulous san fransisco hotel, and we were really looking forward to a relaxing stay there. when we arrived in our room i was very dissapointed in the size (there were no draws to put clothes away, and no room to store suitcases) but more importantly the smelll! it was as if a wet dog had slept in there the previos week, we rang down straight away and were told to come to reception - after waiting approx 30mins in line we were told the hotel was full and we could not be offered an alternative. and that the reason our room smelled of dogs was that the hotel accepts dogs - (i am a dog owner but i do think that if a hotel allows dogs it should let guests know if they are sleeping in a dogs room). after a while we were told there was one other room available which had no window!! we decided to stay in the doggy room but i have to say it tainted our holiday there.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vpapaia
<Content>don't book it through hotwire~!!!! I took my chances after reading the reviews on hotwire and I will never use Hotwire again. I got a great rate though, but the room was hideous! It was in the old wing, and it was super tiny,,, SUPER TINY and it smelled musty! Not to mention there were 2 of us, could we get 2 beds, nope! The hotwire rooms are full size beds only... (thats what the front desk attendent told me. ) I went with a friend of whom I was not going to share a bed with. Hello, thats for high school band trips, not a grown up on a business trip! I read some of the reviews on this site where people mentioned that they were members of the starwood preferred guest club. I have been for 4 years and you know something, they still wouldn't help me. In order to change rooms I had to pay $50.00 dollars for what's known as an upgrade! Add that to what I paid hotwire, I should have booked directly through the Westin, I wouldn't have been treated as a second class citizen. I want to leave a nasty email on the hotwire sight, so people can see what they are getting themselves into.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-So St Francis over Labor Day weekend Before booking a hotel for the first time, I always take the time to read the reviews at Trip Advisor. In the case of the Westin St Francis, I was aware that the historical rooms were small and in need of repair but I didn't realize how small (small) was. Please heed others warnings about that!  It was interesting to read reviews today that included stays during the same period...everyone was upgraded, with us being the exception. In fact, the room we reserved wasn't available and there were no apologies from the front desk. In fact, it was presented in a take it or leave it manner. We asked for a king with a view and instead received a corner room, next to a staircase and a view of 3 walls! Incredible! To use the sink, located in a corner, we had a choice of either standing in the bath tub or stand sideways to wash our hands. No exaggeration folks. After watching the house tv channel's presentation of the historical site, we decided to take the self-guided tour and also spoke with the concierge about the rebuilt and restored dining rooms on the top floor. We were told that those are private and we were not allowed up there. Interesting to read another's review in which they were allowed to see the beautiful views.... I guess we had a string of bad luck and we are nice people, never rude to those in the service industry (really).Recommendations and Helpful Hints: Take everyone's hints on paying for larger rooms. Book in the tower. Take long showers: the dual heads were truly wonderful and that might make the whole experience worthwhile. Don't grab the to-go sandwiches and snacks in the lobby. A turkey sandwich will set you back $13. The cable car stop is right in front of the hotel but go back a block and you will have better luck getting on because it gets crowded. Skip Fishermans Warf and head to the Ferry Building instead. The restaurants there are truly San Francisco gourmet at a much better price, nicer views, and a much cleaner and upscale (but casual) atmosphere. Go to the Farmers Market to pick up fresh cheese, olive oils and other unique foods. Go hungry because they serve breakfast outdoors as well! For a cheap fun Happy Hour, the Tongo Room at the Fairmont offers a $7 buffet and tropical drinks, and a rainstorm. We went and it was a great time. My dad recommended it from over 20 years ago and it was still holding strong!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mjk97
<Content>Excellent - stayed on the new wing My wife and I tayed for two nights on the 1st week Aug. First impression was sour one when ushered into an old wing's 8th floor room - small, old and no view. Upon having politely complained to the manager about our room not meeting Hotel's great reputation, he (Marc) personally toured us to the rooms in the new wings. One of which we found great, on the corner 8th floor overlooking Geary St. Considering I called in the morning to book the night at $235, and even forgot to flash Starwood Gold membership, I think it turned out to be an excellent stay. Not a first class lobby and in-hotel stores. But the service and room quality beat them all. And it's great location - needless to mention!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>workerbee8
<Content>I am being nickeled and dimed ! I am currently staying at the Westin St. Francis. My room is small and facing a brick wall and some elevators. And I am wondering, is this really a 4 star hotel?? From the beginning, my check-in took longer than my visit to the DMV. Today, I just spent $40 for a small salad and dessert. Caution: They tack on a $10 delivery charge. $30 at the business center for printing 10 pages, $ 9.50 for Reeses Peanut Butter Cups and Water in the mini bar and not too mention internet charges. The old furniture and smell may be charming...but I am mostly annoyed with those small extra charges.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Astroviqueen
<Content>Don't Stay Unless You Can Afford High-End Rooms My daughter and I visited San Francisco for a few days in July, 2005. I looked at several hotels when I made plans, and found such a good rate at the St. Francis I had to give it a go, since it has such a grand reputation. I now know why it was cheap (about $140 per night). Don't get me wrong, the location is great, and the bed was very comfortable, but the room was small (expected), and in fairly sad shape. The bathroom was really small and tired. The grout was falling away from the tile, and there was mold growing around the bathroom window. In the bedroom, the ceiling (albeit high and studded with a chandelier) was cracked and the paper was starting to peel away in places. To be fair, they WERE rennovating when we were there. Hopefully the smaller, less-expensive rooms will get fixed up in due time. I just can't understand why they would leave the mold until then.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cevai
<Content>Great! Wonderful hotel for those who appreciate the charm and character of a grand hotel. Because of our Starwood membership, we were upgraded to a corner room overlooking Union Square. The sights and sounds of the square added to this location. These rooms are not for the noise sensitive, but hey, its part of San Francisco. You can hear the cable cars run, until they stop around 11PM, but you can also hear the street musicians, and watch the color on the Square. The room was very large, with a Cal King heavely bed, crystal chandelier, sitting area, wet bar and walk in closet. The bathroom arrangement was strange, upscale linens and heavely toiletries, but the commode looked like it belonged in a public restroom. Everything was very clean, but it just didn't go with the rest of the room. The clerk who checked us in mention that many of the older rooms in this area of the hotel were actually apartments until the late 1960's. Also, don't forgt to venture over to the newer tower and take the glass elevator to the 32nd floor, the views on a clear day or night are spectacular! We'll be back again next year! All in all LOVED IT!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>janernewcastle
<Content>Two different hotels in one This hotel is definately living on it's reputation and locationThe old building has big rooms with nice high ceilings, but they are in dire need of renovation. Our room had obviously not been spring cleaned for a long time, the dirt under the desk was very noticeable. The bathroom window was broken and did not open there was no fan, so the room got full of condensation with every shower.Take care not to get allocated an internal room or you will have a view of a brick wall. However the external traditional rooms have no double glazing, so the street noise is quite an intrusion.The lobby has nowhere that you can sit without buying a drink, not exactly what you would expect of a hotel this size. The breakfast was average, and we chose not to eat in the hotel, I can recommend the Daily Grill right across the road from the side entrance for lunch and dinner.The newer tower seems to have more acceptable standard of rooms, but we were told that they were fully booked and could not move us over.At $369 a night for a King Traditional room, this hotel is way overpriced.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time!! My husband and I stayed at the Westin over Labor Day Weekend. We had a great time. When we checked in, we were given an upgrade without even requesting one!! We stayed in the older portion of the hotel which was fine. Never having been there before, we didn't know any different. My husband liked the nostalgic feel, although I would've preferred a more updated room. Yes, the room was small, but we had a great view of Union Square. We actually enjoyed the noise from outside that reminded us that we were on vacation in San Francisco! The pillows, sheets, and bed were outstanding! Overall, our vacation was great. We were give dinner recommendations by the concierge that were perfect. The hotel has a fantastic location, and we will definitely stay here again. The only change I will make...I will ask for a tower room.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay at the St. Francis Just returned from a mother/daughter weekend in San Francisco. Booked through Expedia and got a great rate. You can't beat the location for shopping, walking and generally enjoying the diversity of this beautiful city. Researched the hotel on Trip Advisor prior to departing and picked up some great advice from an earlier traveller (sign up for a Starwood membership - it is free). Upon arrival (no waiting), I asked about the standard room we were booked in. We were upgraded to a room on the top floor of the old section of the hotel. The room was lovely with two very comfortable beds, plenty of room and a nice view of Union Square. I reported one maintenance issue that was handled promptly. We did not eat in the hotel but highly recommend breakfast at Dottie's Cafe (on Jones just off Geary). Well worth the wait - food was delicious (had to wait 20 minutes for a table). Also recommend Scala's at the Sir Francis Drake on Powell.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BenWestSussex
<Content>Grand accomodation! We stayed in The Westin St. Francis as part of our honeymoon, and so had high hopes for the hotel. We were not disappointed. Upon arriving, we were upgraded to a beautiful suite with a view of the city and the bay (it's worth asking for an upgrade!). The room was huge, and featured quite simply the largest, most comfortable bed we have ever experienced in any hotel. The bathroom was very well equipped with a superb two-headed shower. Room service was excellent, and the staff were generally very helpful. The hotel has a fascinating history behind it, and it certainly felt like a great place to base ourselves whilst exploring the city. Situated on Union Square, there are plenty of excellent shops and restaurants nearby. The Cheesecake Factory (also on Union Square) is an essential place to go for a meal. The highlight for our stay in the city was a visit to Alcatraz on an Evening Tour. Haight Street was also a great day out, brimming with excellent clothes, book and music shops, and lively restaurants and bars.We would definitely stay at this hotel again, although I think it is essential to stay in a room with a view of the city if at all possible, rather than a view of a brick wall (as mentioned in other reviews posted on this site).  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

