<Author>KatieB83
<Content>Beautiful Hotel; Mediocre Food       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>katkins1957
<Content>Hotel Riu Bambu, Punta Cana...       beautiful beach  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PrairieGirl55
<Content>4th Time to the Bambu We are going to the Riu Bambu on February 4 for our 4th stay. Although the hotel is aging, my husband and I have had terrific vacations at the Bambu. We have travelled to Mexico and to Puerto Plata but prefer the beaches at the Bambu.Our transfer from the airport to the hotel has always been uneventful. Check in has always gone smooth with a refreshing beverage waiting upon arrival.Our rooms have always been very clean. I agree that the beds are hard and the pillows leave a lot to be desired, but by the time we retire for the night, we are so tired that we don鈥檛 have any problems going to sleep. If we have ever had an issue, (i.e. the air conditioner not working properly), the front desk have always had someone out promptly to resolve the problem. We have had a cracked tile in the bathroom or some other minor flaw but never anything that would spoil our vacation. We don鈥檛 spend much time in our room anyway. Never had any issues with getting the musty smell from our clothes and suitcases out when we come home. I do take an adaptor from home to use for charging my camera battery but thought it was a great idea that someone had posted a suggestion that you take a 2-pronged extension cord.My husband and I have always found something that we liked to eat at the buffet. My husband particularly enjoys his fresh omelets made to order for breakfast. We have also gone to the A La Carte鈥檚 offered to the guests of the Bambu. Our favourite would be the Caribe which is located in front of the Macao. We have never had any real issues with illness other than the occasional upset stomach which is common when you travel anywhere.We like to spend most of our time at the beach. We are not pool people so have no comments on the pools. The beach is amazing. On most days, we book a hobie cat and sail for an hour per day. Also, we take our snorkeling equipment and snorkel in front of the Taino. The snorkeling is not the best but we enjoy ourselves anyway.We find the staff friendly and helpful. The animacion team work long hours and do there best to see that you are entertained. From the cleaning staff, to the gardeners, to the servers and bartenders, who all work long hours, a tip for them goes a long way. They are most appreciative.I have read reviews complaining that there are bugs and people have even seen a rat running across the walk at night. We have never witnessed large insects but have seen 1 rat on one trip. Don鈥檛 let this scare you away. I also know that we have insects and have seen rats right here in Canada. We were visiting another city for the Grey Cup a couple of years ago and saw so many rats one night between the subway and train station that I felt like we were in a horror movie. We do go to the doctor and get a prescription for Chloroquine to prevent malaria. I have also packed insect repellant but have never used it.We have taken quite a few excursions as well as have ventured off the resort on our own. All of the excursions were fun and interesting. We have gone to Saona Island on the catamaran and had a blast. We went whale watching to Samana last year. It was a long trip but well worth it when we saw the whales. We have also taken the Outback Safari which was fun. Another long but interesting trip was to Santo Domingo.On our own, we took the bus outside the resort, transferred at Bavaro and travelled to Higuey to see the Basilica. We picked up a guide (about 14 years old) outside the Basilica who toured us to the town square and through the Market (Mercado) and then back to the bus depot. Although there was a language barrier, we managed quite well with our Spanish/English dictionary.Another time, we hired a fellow that was our guide on the bus from the airport to the hotel, to take us to Boca de Yuma which is a small fishing village. We had a fantastic lunch there of freshly caught Red Snapper. We then went to the former residence of Juan Ponce de Leon which is now a museum. It was amazing to see all of the artifacts which are out in the open. On our way back to the resort, Mario (our guide) took us to his home in Higuey where we met his family and were treated like royalty. We sat outside, had coffee and watched the kids play stick ball in the street. On both of these outings, we never felt threatened or unsafe.Back to the Riu Bambu. If the travel companies rate the resorts based on amenities, then I would say that the Bambu has lots to offer but not a 5 star as advertised. The beach is definitely one of the finest. Based on the cleanliness of the rooms and grounds, staff, and food, I would rate this hotel a 4 鈥?4.5 star. Although the Macao and Punta Cana Palace look very lovely, we are happy to stay at the Bambu.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>rodthebull
<Content>Nice Surprise We arrived at the Riu Bambu on Thursday, December 18, 2008 and stayed until evening of January 1, 2009. After having read some of the other reviews about the hotel, we (my family and friends that we travelled with) were apprehensive of what we were getting into. Suffice it to say that we had a great stay. Rooms were clean (we had 4 rooms - for 9 people) all located on 1st floor of our unit (each unit is two stories and has 16 standard rooms -- 8 on each floor). We were located a fair distance from the pool area, which turned out to be a bit of a blessing as it was absolutely peaceful at night (no intrusion of the festivities from the nightly shows that occur in the pool area).We found the buffets to be very good, particularly dinners. Although we had 4 choices for other restaurants, we only went out twice (in 14 nights) to a location other than the buffet. The buffet had great variety and many theme nights. Christmas Eve dinner and New Year's Eve dinner were wonderful!Staff were exceptionally friendly (both the Riu staff and the staff from the water sports company that operates from the beach). Everyone was helpful and very welcoming.Comments we read about the dirt, problem matteress, slimy pool, poor food, etc., just aren't true. The pillows are, however, something to be desired (very small and very flat).Definitely bring along a two prong extension cord to fit into the recessed outlets to the extent you have any of the square electrical adapters that need to be plugged in. Also, if you are a face cloth person, you'll have to supply your own.The beach is beautiful with great swimming, but no snorkeling at the beach adjacent to the hotel (that is, nothing to see). We arranged for a boat for our group of 9 (cost was around US$350) for about 3 - 4 hour tour of the coastline, snorkeling and sunset drinks at a spot in the ocean where the sea bed rises abruptly so that even though you are about 1 mile off shore, the water is only 3 feet deep, with beautiful sand bottom. We bathed in the warm waters with our rum cocktails and watched the sunset.If you are expecting 5 star (a real 5 star) this is not the place. What I consider to be 5 star is the Riu Palace Punta Cana (which is right next door). I would rate Riu Bambu, purely on basis of rooms, as 3.5. However, the combination of the location, the staff, the food, the daily and evening entertainment and the beach, I would rate between 4 and 4.5.Hope the above helps.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>jemelec1210
<Content>the Beach was great the rest lacked the hotel looks good and for the most part is . the beach is great .My problem was with the front desk(extremely rude) towel people(extremely rude) some waiters(again rude) i say some because there were alot of great people but i just cant forget what those sour apples made our family feel on what was supppose to be a getaway  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>JoJamesHarpenden
<Content>The reviews don't do it justice.... We stayed from December 18th to 25th 2008 and after the poor reviews, were more than happy with the hotel. It's got a cosy, kick your shoes (flip flops) off feel to it. The beach was fabulous, and the pool was clean during our stay, despite what some reviews said.We went in a group of 12, 4 couples and 3 children and everyone had a great time. The food was lovely (especially Christmas eve) and everyone had something they liked to eat every evening. There was a wide choice and between us we tried it all. I would agree that it's not a 5 star hotel, it's falls short of that but the room was kept spotlessly clean, as was the hotel in general. The optics in the room were a lovely touch, as were the towel animals that the cleaners left every day in your room, decorated with flowers. The fridge being refilled every two days with beers, coke etc was an added bonus. The Thomson rep was great and we would definitely recommend the resort and Thomson. All in all, a fabulous holiday and great value for money.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lafamilia27
<Content>good time! I travelled to the Riu Bambu last year at the end of December, and was there for New Years Eve.I am a teenager and I travelled with my family along with another 23 great friends! (ages 4-55). We all had a great time. The beach was beautiful and there were always chairs and towels available. The bartenders and animation team(entertainers) always stopped to talk and spend time with what they called us la familia 27. Games at the pool and beach were very entertaining, as no one was ever bored. Even our fathers got into it! The nightly shows were good, some alot better than others. New Years Eve was amazing! The food was excellent and so was the entertainment. There were balloons, creative displays, banners and signs everywhere. The music was also very good.The rooms were OK, but really how much time do you spend in it? I stayed in a room with 3 friends and we were only there to shower, get ready and sleep. If you are spending more time than that in your room.. why even go somewhere hot and pay large amounts of money?The food was good. I come from a very Italian background so nothing like what my nonna makes, but everything was cooked and there were no illnesses. Its a buffet so I dont know what these people are expecting (obviously its not going to have gourmet foods, they need to accomodate everyone with their food). Sometimes it was hard to find a seat but we made friends with one of the waiter people so there was a section for 27 waiting for us every night.We did not spend much time at the pool, it was not very large but it served its purpose. As a teenager I was hoping for some more nightlife with people around our age, but there were more younger people so we had to go to a family-friendly hotel.Overall I had a great time, with great friends, its all about what you make of the vacation. We all had alot of fun and are going to another Riu this new years coming.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>cmhb25
<Content>Riu Bambu is ok I stayed at this hotel in early December and i had read a lot of really bad reviews and was a bit worried about my stay......however..... it was fine!!!The beach was fab and me and my boyfriend never had any problems in finding a sun lounger.The food was ok but not brilliant.The staff were all great and were really helpful.The resort was too quiet for myself and my boyfriend, much prefer the livliness of Cancun, but if you are looking for a relaxing getaway then it is ok.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ContourGrimsby
<Content>Excellent Beach We read the reviews prior to taking this trip and where a bit concerned. We made the point of upgrading our rooms to the Junior Suites and we are glad we did this. closest rooms to the beach, pool and resturants. I agree witrh some of trhe other reviews trhat the place is looking dated and needs some work but your can find faults in just about everything if you look hard enough. There is 2 pols 1 small and 1 large which we found to be okay. The only problem is trhat you had to get out arounf 7:30 to get a lounge chaiur. this We found all of the hlotel staff where more than willing to help yoyu out and service was always quick with everything even without tipping. We spent a total of $70.00 at the hotel $50.00 of which was due to our daughter loosing the key for the safe and having to hire someone to drill the old lock out. There is lots to do at this resort for the kids and adults and if your don't want to get involved than don't. There is no loud blaring music during the day and shows had a different theme each night. The food was good but the specialty resturants could of been better. Our 2 daughts age 16 and 20 wanted to stay another week because they were having so munh fun,. I would recommend this place to anyone and we would also return. Beach is the best of all the resorts in this area with more than enough lounge chars in the shade or sun  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rbaynton
<Content>Beware       Pool - too small for number of guests  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Tadboi
<Content>Amazing!! I went to the Riu Bambu with a friend and had the time of my life. I read alot of these reviews before going and certainly went trying to keep an open mind. I am not a world traveler by any means BUT that does not mean that I do not know a good thing when I see it. I was greeted at the resort with a cocktail, they brought my bags directly to the room and checkin was a breeze!The rooms were beautiful and very clean. The booze in the room was a great extra. I must also add that my friend called the day before we arrived and requested that our rooms be as close as possible and close to the beach. They gave us rooms across the hall from one another and the closest building to the beach!One night I heard some sort of alarm going off from another room and when I called to inquire, someone was at my door minutes after hanging up.Unlike others on here, I thoroughly enjoyed the the nightly entertainment. I watched the entertainment team rehearse each afternoon and then made sure I went to each show in the evening. I found it a great way to end my day. From 'Sexy Belly' to ' Baby Face' to Evelyn, they were all amazing.As for the food, I never had any stomach issues and ate at all of the restaurants. The selection was wonderful and very tasty. I think those that do complain may have set their expectations too high or are just picky!The resort itself was very clean, service top notch and never felt as though they treated one nationality better than the rest. I found that if you were polite to them, they were the same back. Never noticed anything different from Canadians to Americans...etc. The beach was amazing and always tidy. The pool was the same and always some games happening somewhere.I am very much looking forward to going back and having another week of fun. I was thrilled at how nice the resort was and how nice the staff were. Everyone on the bus heading back to the airport felt the same.Please do not let the few 'negative' reviews turn you off, Im VERY glad they didn't for me!!Thanks RIU BAMBU and see you soon!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Whistlerman
<Content>What an awful hotel for a RIU Having previously stayed in many Riu hotels this one looked a good option for a first time visit to the Dominican Republic.How wrong we were !The hotel is desperately in need of refurbishment and the rooms are 'well worn' and the shower in our first room hanging off the wall and even when repaired it was not working properly. So we changed rooms and found that the second room was pretty much as bad as the first.The staff are 'surly' and more interested in getting a tip than providing a service.The food was badly cooked and of a poor standard with not a lot of choice. Good job we like salad.Riu provide you with a selection of spirits in your room which are replenished every other day. Ours (and other holidaymakers) were replenished but it wasn't us drinking them. Someone obviously had access to our room.Rooms were broken into during our stay and money taken from the safe's but not one door was broken down. Someone must have had a key.The beach was filthy with plastic cups, cigarette ends and litter which was not cleaned up at any point during our two week stay.Overall a very poor experience.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Acecube
<Content>Bambu Overated My husband and I stayed at the RIU BAMBU in Punta Cana. We went to this resort for two primary reasons; one, it was a RIU and two it was rated as a FIVE STAR resort.Based on my last experience with RIU I was confidient this was going to be a spectacular hotel. However when we got there we were largely disappointed. The hotel was vastly OVER-RATED. The hotel was very outdated...and falling apart. Our room was old, and smelly. The toilet leaked, the mini fridge did not work, the air conditioning did not work, the beds very hard, and we had pancakes for pillows. To boot, they advertised satillite TV, which was completely inaccurate. There was only one 110V outlet, and that was in the bathroom, and good luck trying to charge your camera, ipod, ect ect, as the outlet was too deep to fit anything manufactured in this day and age.The food was good, but we preferred the food at RIU NAIOBA. The staff was much more friendly there as well.Considering the trade mark name of the RIU, this was nothing as expected. I have been to the RIU Palace in Mexico, and that was a completely different experience. I have learned not to expect the same from each RIU which is a shame, because you are partially paying for the name. BUT, at the end of the day, you are there for the spectacular beach, which is exactly that. The weather was fabulous and that's what mattered the most.We had an overall good time, we managed with the hiccups of the hotel, however, future visitors, please be aware that the RIU Bambu is NOT a five star.....I would peg it at 4 at the most.However, the neighbouring RIU's, the Palaces, were spectacular, and the Bambu really pales in comparison. Pay the extra money and go to the Palaces, or dont go to the RIU's at all. The other two non Palace RUI's were worse than the Bambu.I hope this review helps those of you considering a trip to the Dominican.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	1	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>HOOOOLLLLAAA
<Content>Wouldn't hesitate to go back! I'm really not seeing what people are complaining about!!Staff - friendly, you won't wait at the bar for longer than 30 seconds before being served, they're all bi-lingual.Food - I thought it was excellent. 3 a la cartes - Italian, Steak  Seafood. Did not get sick of the food at all, thought it was very tasty, and did not get an upset stomach. Drinks - Also very good. Nice selection... they have Brahma, Smirnoff Vodka  Johnnie Walker.... All other are generic brands.Pool - Thought it was a little dirty. But you will also have access to the amenities at the other Riu resorts, so take a 2 minute walk and use the pools there.Rooms - Bed was a little hard... but I think that it's a Riu thing because the 4 1/2 star Riu I stayed at in Cancun had the same problem. Other then that it was clean, and everything worked just fine.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>omarblues
<Content>Advise for people traveling to Bambu I visited Riu Ochos Rios in Jamaica couple of years ago so had a fairly good impression of Riu brand. After reading reviews of Riu Bambu here we were pretty scared about what we were gonna get. Well, i guess reading reviews is not completely useless cause we were expecting bad things and maybe that set us up to have a really good time. Yea the hotel is not 5star..more like 4. Room: We stayed in room 606. It was a ground room, beds were kinda hard but when ure completely wasted it dosent matter...they were clean and acceptable. The only problems with the room were that the AC blows directly towards ure face and it feels cold at night and the power outlets are not condusive to larger plugs. We tipped and brought presents for the maid so we were treated like royals. Resort and food: I am not a big food person, as long it is is clean and fresh i am happy which i was. The salads were usually good as was the service. Everything was clean and we did not get sick. Hmmm i miss the papaya and fish. The resort was also well maintained and clean. The staff is very friendly and a little too laid back. They are always singing and chatting (in spanish). The entertainment is ok, some nights were boring. Find out whats happening in the other resorts. The party scene is also pretty lame even though a lot of people from the other Riu's were comming to the Bambu to chill. The Casino is good and the nightclub is only good late at night.Beach and Pool: The pool is not too big but it is in a nice spot and was clean. We usually just hung out by the pool bar and got wasted (thanks to Wilkins). Most of our day was spent on the beach and i gotta say it is AMAZING!! White sands and clear blue water. To the left u can walk for an hour and still not get to the end of the resort chains. There were litterally thousands of people on the beach at all times. To the right walk for 20 minutes to get to the beach market. We spent 100 dollars there pretending to be indian tourists:) I wish i had gone to the Carribean street market before to get an idea of what things cost cause im sure that i could have gotten them cheaper. Its all about bargaining in the beach market so be prepared to quote $2 for anything. The only downside to the beach was the lack of snorkling sites. I did see a guy fishing off the beach and he caught a fish so i was sad that i didnt bring my rod. FYI he was just casting a jigging spoon. Be prepared for an insane amout of toplessness, the euros are out in full force, and not all of it is good. Also if u are looking for special treats there are guys walking around selling hats/paintings who will have other secret goodies, again be prepared to bargain (he asked for 80 and i ended up paying 20). The only downside to the beach is the lack of snorkling. The waves are kinda sedated as well. We only got to go to one excursion with sunquest, the carribean festival, and it was something we will never forget. The sharks are awesome as are the stingrays. The boat and crew were also very friendly and entertaining. On our last day we were expecting crazy winds and rain so our second excursion was cancelled and we got a full refund. We were still hanging out at the beach when all of a sudden 2 dogs appeared and started barking. Im not sure but i think they are trained cause exactly 2 minutes later it started pouring rain. After the rain stopped we went back in the water and it was super rough and a whole lotta fun. In conclusion: Be prepared, read up and get as much info as u can. Trust no one, always lock up ure valuables. Be friendly and polite and u will be treated with respect. Tip the staff and they will remember u. If ure at the bar and there are a lot of people there just flash a dollar bill and u will get instant service. Make friends and u will have a better time. Check out the other resorts. Read reviews but dont let them dictate how u enjoy ure vacation. GET WASTED:)  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>neveragainluli
<Content>hated the place where do i start. would advise anyone who is looking to lose weight to book sraight away as the food is that bad u wont touch it after probably day 2 we lived on cheetos out the shop which cost around 6 pound a pack and were served to u by very unfriendly staff i swear she didnt crack a smile in 2 weeks at least dick turpin wore a mask as he robbed u blind. The main pool was filthy full of bugs and lots of floating hair im slightly bald myself but dive in that pool and you surface like don king. the entertainment was the same every night just like the food .my phone was stolen after phoning it from the room for two minutes i was charged 60 dollars more than my monthly bill at home.The best thing that happend was the coach turning up to take us home. NEVER AGAIN  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hjoic
<Content>Awesome time at the Bambu! Believe it or not.       The great guys at the pool bar!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>erznmine
<Content>Riu Bambu, more like Riu Slurry Pit What a let down.       slimey tiles in pool at Riu Bambu  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	-1	2	

<Author>1aqua
<Content>Beautiful resort Just came back from Punta Cana a couple of weeks ago.We really had a good time.The airport in Punta Cana is absolutely cool! Very unique but also very efficient (they even have a playground for the kids in the departure section). It took us about 30 min to get to the resort. The check in was fine, and even though it was only noon, we got our keys to the room!The rooms are fine, a bit dated, but clean and comfortable. And absolutely no bugs/mosquitoes, etc.!Riu Bambu has a great layout. No matter where you are, you are always really close to everything, just a short stroll away.The hotel grounds are wonderful. Well maintained with lots of shade from the palm trees.The beach is just spectacular. Picture perfect! White sand and the turquoise water. And the ship wreck is amazing! You could walk on the beach for hours in both directions. We didn't have any problems with the vendors. Were only stopped when walked by the beach market. The beach in front of the Riu complex, in my opinion, is the nicest of all other resorts, for the palm trees. No other hotels has so many of them. They are just great for a shade and a little breeze! There was never a problem with finding a beach chair.The staff was wonderful - they are working very hard, but were always helpful and smiling.The entertainers worked really hard and there are always some activities going on. They were very friendly and making sure you are having a good time. The evening shows were OK - most nights - silly games with the guests, but we had a few good laughs.The food is OK, don't expect gourmet dining and you'll be fine. We didn't try the a la carte, but the buffet was good enough, we were always able to find something we liked. And no one got sick!I had a massage in one of the huts on the beach. Great! Very relaxing! Well worth it - $52.00 for 50 min.The only little annoyance was with the beach towels. It seems like they don't have enough of them. There were times when the fresh towels were not available at all. And they told us we can only exchange once a day. The weather was amazing! Sunny and hot, we only had showers late at night.This resort is a very laid back, casual, relaxing little paradise. Solid 4 stars. Just go and have fun!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KimDaley
<Content>Resort is Just FIne       Buy a tube at the Hotel worth the fun  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carrozza01
<Content>Horrible!!! I recently came home from a vacation stay at the Rui Bambu. It was not a very nice Hotel. Our room smelled like mold and mildew. The matresses were hard and the pillows were very thin. One night there was a roach in our bathroom about 4 inches long. When you called the desk to complain about something, they didn't understand or acted like they didn't know what you were saying. It was obvious they didn't like Americans but were happy to take our money.The food left alot to be desired and the entertainment was hidious. The only nice thing was the beautiful beach and the pool, of which there weren't nearly enough chairs for everyone. The pool entertainment was annoying. The electricity went out a couple times a day. this was especially annoying while you were in the shower. i was with a group of 35 professional women and most of us would NEVER go back. The bartenders were nice as were the people who worked in the dining areas, although it was annoying when we were filling out our reviews they were watching over our shoulders telling us what to write.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>Divaritte
<Content>Beware And Avoid! Went as part of a large group and after a good experience with another Riu property in Puerta Plata, looked forward to another fun, enjoyable trip in Punta Cana and were extremely disappointed at RIu Bambu I'll start off with the positives:1) Nice Beach2) Bar Staff were friendlyThe Negatives:1) Customer Service was very poor overall, staff were not friendly nor engaging. We were treated with rudeness and disrespect in multiple occasions during our stay.2) Food was nothing short of TERRIBLE. We did not expect a five star dining experience, but this was not even up to one star. At breakfast, we took what we thought were potatoes, but were actually hot dogs cut in small pieces, probably recycled from the previous day's lunch bufet. We had only one halfway decent meal (at the Italian reastaruant). However, the maitre'd insisted that we did not have a reservation, (which we did (having been turned away the previous night for not having a reservation. ) He was extremely rude and we basically had to tell him that we were eating there and demand that he seat us in the restaurant , which had only four tables occupied. Overall. we ate pizza at nearly every meal. The burgers were so bad that we jokingly referred to the burgers as cat burgers. On one occasion,when we asked for cheese, we were told to go back to America for cheese.3) The pool is nice, but doesn't get much sun.4) The air-conditioning was not sufficient. This included the guest rooms as well as the dining room and lobby. The dining room temperature was unbearably uncomfortable !5) Entertainment was embarrasingly poor. Again, not looking for a Broadway quality show, but this was ridicuous.6) Beach massages, while nice, offered NO DRAPING at all. Massge patrons were fully exposed during the massage. By the way, there are three tables in the hut which are all occupied.6) Overall, it seems that the employees here just don't care about whether or not their guests have a good time. We were treated in an insulting way more often than not.On top of all of this, I slipped on a wet floor in the lobby on two hours after arriving at the hotel. I fell through a glass coffee table and needed 35 swtitches in my right arm.To be fair,the medical staff onsite were very helpful. However, after being promised by management that I would be provided transportation to the local hospital, I ended up taking a taxi. The resort paid only one way for me to go and only after we insisted . I had to find my own taxi back to the hotel. Other than upgrading my room to a suite after the fall, the hotel would not provide me with an incident report. Upgrading my room in no way made up for such a horrible experience.Overall, You can do MUCH BETTER for your money than at RIu Bambu. There is a reason this hotel is ranked as it is on Trip Advisor!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>MELSS6
<Content>Very Happy Canadian!!!! Myself and 5 friends just arrived home from the Riu Bambu and had a blast. (It was my first time to Punta Cana.) The resort was very clean. Everyone was extremely friendly. The food was very good. By the end of the week we would have liked a little bit more variety at the buffet ,but all in all very good. The A la carte's were very good. The Seafood Restaurant at the Riu Palace Macao was extremely good. (We went there twice.) The pool was clean. The beach just magnificent. We could walk for hours. Shopping was okay. I really didn't go to shop but still found some unique things to buy. We had no communication problems everyone spoke very good English. I read a lot of reviews before leaving and was a little worried. Now I know they must be hard people to please. We had a great experience and would go back in a heart beat. .  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>malteser24
<Content>Kinda disappointed! We just returned from the Riu Bamboo mid Nov. What an experience we had. First off, when we arrived at the hotel around 11:00pm we had expected to order room service because we were hungry. Instead the front desk said there was food being served at Mamajuana (one of their buffets). Talk about gross-the hamburgers looked like they were there for a few hours and the hotdogs were green!!! There was no room service or coffee in your rooms, not even plush bathrobes. How disappointing was that! The resort and beaches were very clean and beautiful. The food, however, was terrible. My husband and I, along with many other people that we met, were sick for 5 days out of an 8 day vacation. There was nothing inticing about the buffet or any of the al la cartes . So with that in mind we asked their opinion of a nice seafood restaurant in town. They told us about the jellyfish. The restaurant was set on the beach, so the atmosphere was beautiful. Couldn't say much about where they dropped us off and had to walk to the restaurant. However, we had a very good meal. Until we got the bill. For two of us, it cost us $238.00 American. All we had was a seafood platter, that came with rice and veggies and one bottle of wine. That was absolute highway robbery! You know what we could have had in Toronto for that price? We disputed it with the director, but you know where that got us! Anyways, sad to say that we will not be going to the Riu Bamboo again. It was definitely not a five star riu!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Canadianvisitor92
<Content>Overrated but not disasterous The Riu Bambu is rated as a five star resort but clearly it is not. The bathrooms are small and cramped, the bars understocked(no Baileys and such) and the restaurants are quite poor compared to what you would expect from a five star resort. The restaurants consist of beach restaurants converted to a la carte during the night. Food at such restaurants was not up to snuff. All in all, not a disaster but clearly oversold. Like a lot of these resorts, they are saved from disaster by the graciousness of their Dominican staff.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blondie987
<Content>Long review but worth reading! This hotel is FANTASTIC! I recently stayed here with my boyfriend and had read reviews that had put me off, however after being here i would definitely stay again.On arrival we was presented with a cocktail!a nice welcome after a long flight. Throughout our stay the staff could not do enough for you, any problems then just go to the recpetion and they are very helpful.The rooms are lovely, with the maids visiting every day. The hotel itself is very clean and well maintained since i had seen some photos with lights hanging off the walls etc but there was nothing like this at all! (a good thing though)The food in the restaurant is probably the only bad mention (and depending what you like it wasnt too bad) i will give, but i can be a bit of a funny eater. They always do pizza and chips and there is a selection of seafood tapas on mexican night and a selection of vegetables/rice/meat and cereal for breakfast eg: nesquik and cornflakes. The steakhouse is really nice so if you get the chance make sure you book in there, it is well worth it! And no me and my boyfriend never got any tummy upsets or anything whilst out there and i did not hear on the grapevine that anyone got ill.Whilst on holiday also went on the outback safari WELL WORTH THE MONEY this is a real insight to the way that they live and is a real eye opener definitely recommend this trip but make sure you take some money with you to buy real coco powder and real coffee *yum yum*The hotel entertainers work really hard and there is always something going on during the day and night. The evening entertainment was ok but not brill, however make sure that you get a good seat for the michael jackson night this night was really good. During the day there is football/volleyball/horse shoes/aerobics/polo and loads more its a really fun atmosphere. But if you want to just chill out and have some quiet then make sure that you go onto the beach and here it is really peaceful.Overall i really enjoyed my holiday and would not have done anything differently i loved every minute of it and hope that anyone going here does to!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcs57
<Content>they should have let us know that they hate Americans from the minute I entered the hotel, I had a sinking feeling. The check in was confusing and tedious although there were almost 40 of us in my group and one would think that they would be happy to have such a large party! The rooms were scattered all over the complex. they were filthy smelled and had mold growing on the walls and towels. one room had a razor blade floating in her toilet and there were bugs everywhere. Several of the rooms were not made up in the morning and often no clean towels were left. The social staff were downright rude, except for belly man. They ignored us except for a few lewd comments to some of the girls.It was very clear that they hated Americans. No one ever offered to help There is really only 1 place to eat and it's buffet, because the other one is a seating by reservation and is partially buffet. the food is the worst i have ever tasted and prior to our departure we were under the assumption that we could eat at the other riu restaurants, what they didn't tell us was that it would cost 40.00 extra a person. the 70's style foul smelling disco is also an extra charge. On the day we arrived one member of our party slipped on a wet floor,( and no she had not even had a drink yet) and her arm went through a glass table requiring over 30 stiches. the hotel put her in a cab with one way fare paid and she had to pay $600. at the hospital to be treated A positive is that the tour bus drivers were very nice and the beach is beautiful, but so are the beaches in Cancun, St Thomas, St Maarten, and they like us!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Donnamml
<Content>Fabulous! A piece of heaven! I LOVED this place, the people were wonderful who worked there, and the beach so breath taking! don't listen to the negative judge for yourself because this a great place  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>LaSerenaKaki
<Content>Without words!!!!!!! OK this was the third stay in a Riu hotel in Punta Cana. Twice I stayed at Riu Melao, the second time (sep. 2001) they changed us to Riu Bambu. 2001 it was OK. So we decided to visit it again. My family came from Germany and I from Chile where I麓m living right now. It was a disaster. In the room all over were cracks in the wall, we hadn麓t a drier, tv was broken, the flush was broken, the eating every day the same and unseasoned, dirt everywhere, the pool as well, the tours they offered just expencive but bad, souvenir as well. but the most alarming thing: they try to sell us drugs and my brother they oftered a girl for $ 150 dollars-on the pool. Once it was a host and the second time a dominican guy, knewed by the hotel. As I went to the recption they did absolutely NOTHING-so they work together.The last days we counted the days when we are leaving. My next step will be a letter to RIU and I just wanna warn you. Take care of your kids and have notice at the reception. There you can see that since 2004 they haven麓t recieved an award for a good hotel. 5 stars??? i麓m laughing and crying!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	3	1	2	

<Author>westashleyguy
<Content>Better than I thought it would be..... We booked a stay here before reading the reviews on tripadvisor. I must say, after reading many of the reviews on here, I wanted to cancel and find another place to stay. However, we decided that since maybe there were some good reviews, the resort wouldn't be all bad. And, it wasn't. I'll give you a few of my thoughts...The facilities - they were nice. They definitely weren't as nice as either of the two Riu Palaces, but they still weren't bad by any means. None of the rooms are on the water, so if you're expecting that, you'll be let down. The rooms were ok - my biggest complaint here was the beds. There were two double beds pushed together. Both were hard as a ROCK. The pools were in just fine shape. I wouldn't say spotless, but not near as bad as many had said on here. There are palm trees all over head, so leaves and such are going to fall in the pool - it's just going to happen. The food - Again, this was ok. There are a lot of choices, but there are a lot of things I didn't want to eat too! It's more geared toward a European culinary pallet, so if you're a picky American (like we were), you will be limited. There was always stuff we wanted to eat, but we found ourselves eating the same things over and over (like pizza and fries for lunch).The staff - they were just wonderful. I really don't know what the other reviews were talking about. Almost everyone there spoke English, and the few that didn't quickly found someone who did. We had no language issues at all. A couple little tips if you do go:They give you a towel card when you check in for a beach towel. When you go to the pool area, you give them the card and they give you a towel back. You only get one towel per day and can't trade it in for a fresh one. We learned this the hard way as we turned them in around lunch, got our cards back, and later that afternoon tried to get new towels. They at first told us no, but eventually did give us new ones and told us not to do it again. It's a little bit of a pain.In the guest rooms, there is a main switch in the room that turns *everything* off - including the AC and the alarm clock. I would recommend taking a 9 volt battery with you for the clock just so you don't have to reset it every day.The main restaurant is fairly large, and we found it gets very warm for lunch and dinner. The second day we noticed there were a few tables outside, so we started eating our meals outside which made for a much nicer experience.Tipping isn't required, but I found just a couple of singles every now and then got us great service...but I don't think anyone had bad service.Overall, it was a good stay. My advices though, if you can afford a little more money, stay at the Riu Palace Punta Cana or the Riu Palace Macau.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>craftcpc
<Content>Was a PERFECT Vacation!       What the rooms look like!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Globetrotter283
<Content>What a great holiday!       Monster Truck  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Riu-Bambuuuuuu
<Content>Absolutely brilliant-miss it already My friend and i decided we needed to get away for a week, and got a fantastic deal on this hotel. Unfortunately after reading some very disappointing reviews were not looking forward to the holiday as much as we should have. But honestly i dont know what these people were talking about. The flight was good, and check in to the hotel was very very quick and easy. The first night we weren't out too late due to body clock adjustment, but food within the Colonial restaurant seemed to be good. We were up very early the next morning and reserved a table in the caribbean restaurant situated on the beach for that night, were the food yet again was good. Then for the entertainment, which we thought was amazing. Being two young single girls we did get a lot of attention from all the staff, especially the animacion team, which we personally had no problems with as we were there for fun and a laugh!!! We ate in all of the restaurants, and had no problems with anything. The drinks flowed constantly, and we even made it to the nightclub Pacha, with the animacion team. Imagine the club in Dirty Dancing!!!!While there we went on the Caribbean festival tour which included swimming with sharks and stingray, a trip i would advise to anyone, it was superb.The only downside was that we had 3 days of solid rain, which we should have expected going at hurricane season, but again can't fault the animacion team as they found things for all the guests to take part in.Overall we had a great time and can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Robert28Darlington
<Content>1 Of the most beautiful places on earth       2nd bar  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ninarich
<Content>wedding of my dreams!!!!       me and by two best boys  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sarthompson
<Content>Good all round family holiday We stayed in Riu Bambu for 1 week in the beginning of August. As other people have mentioned in their reviews it is not 4 or 5 star luxury, however it is a good all round family holiday. We took our son who is 10 years old and he really enjoyed it. The resort and grounds are excellent and the beach is beautiful. The rooms were basic but very clean and well looked after by the house keeping staff. The main let down to the resort are the restaurants. The buffet restaurant is a little monotonous and who wants to get up early on holiday to reserve a table in the a la carte restaurants ?? :) Not I !thats for sure :) ...So a couple of evenings when we fancied a change we got a taxi and went out to eat elsewhere. There are some awesome trips to be done aswell. One not to be missed was speed venture which is a speed boat and snorkelling trip suitable for the whole family. If anyone is going to the bambu and has any questions I am happy to answer !  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>SoonersFan_1
<Content>Great Vacation! My family and I got back from the RIU Bambu in the DR about 2 weeks ago (7-18 Aug in the DR and Bambu) and just now getting the time to write this review. I have been in the Army now for over 20 years and have been stationed all over the US and Germany. I have even done a couple of tours in Iraq. I mention this only give a frame of reference of where I am coming from. I have no idea about the people who did not have a great vacation. My family and I completely loved every minute of it. I did a pretty good job of looking at all the reviews before we booked the trip and for every 10 reviews there was about 1 negative one. After we booked the trip I started seeing several more bad reviews. This had me a bit worried. But I figured it must have been some very picky people. I saw the reviews about the rock hard beds and flat pillows. I had no problems with the bed or the pillows. They were fine. The room was a bit small but then again we were not in the room very much anyway.  I would like to talk about the good things at the Bambu and then I only have one comment for them to improve on. First the good things: The in room mini bar!! The mini bar in the room was great. I perfect touch when sitting on the balcony relaxing or waiting your turn for the shower. They come and refill the mini bar daily so you are never without your favorite drink. Next was the weather. Just incredible! Temps in the upper 80鈥檚 to mid 90鈥檚 the entire time. Just wonderful. The beach was one of the best I have ever seen. We have been to Hawaii, Spain, Cancun, Portugal, Tunisia and a few other all inclusive places. All seem to have there own charm but I can honestly say, that the beach was awesome at the Bambu. The ocean was just as nice. The pretty blue colors of the ocean were amazing to look at. The pure white sand was also just amazing. I really cannot think of anything negative about it.  Next I want to talk about the hotel staff. Again an area that I was a bit worried about. I read some reviews that said if you did not speak Spanish you were not waited on or not helped. Not true at all. I would say about 90% of the Hotel staff spoke English. In fact about 90% of the staff spoke 3-4 languages fluently. The staff was very friendly and always went out of their way to make you happy. They do work very hard and have long hours but I never saw any one of them complain. The staff also had some very nice shows in the evenings and there was always putting on things to do during the day. I thought the staff was very professional and you could tell they loved their job.  The hotel had several day trips for you to book. We decided to do two of them. Both were great and we had an awesome time. The Sanoma Island trip and the Party boat were both well worth it. I highly recommend either one. The food at the Bambu was perfect. Some reviews talked about the same thing being served over and over again. That was true to a point. Most nights there were things that they had the night before, but they also had many other items to chose from. Most nights there was a theme night. For example a Spanish night where there were lots of tacos, ect鈥?Even the nights were they had the same thing as the previous night, it was not bad at all. There was so much to choose from you did not have the same thing each night if you did not want to.  Ok now for the only area I was not happy with. The cleanliness of the pool was not the best. I thought for a nice hotel it was pretty bad actually. It did not stop me from swimming in the pool daily, but it really needed to be cleaned out. I think if they hire a 鈥減ool cleaner person鈥?who walked around 3-4 times a day to get the stuff that fell into the pool out it would have been much nicer. The pool itself was nice and again I was in it daily but at times it needed someone to get the floating stuff out. The pool bar however was great. The pool bar staff worked hard but always had a big smile on their face and every time I swam up to get a drink they would immediately have one for me. I liked the way they remembered what I was drinking and what my 10 year old daughter was drinking. I gave a few tips (dollars here and there) but I think they would have been just as nice even if I did not.  The last thing I want to bring up was how friendly the other guests staying there were. On my first day we meet a wonderful family from England (Gary, Linn Jess and Katie). It turned out that he had a daughter Jessica who was one year older than my daughter and Katie who was one year younger. They turned out to be good friends and played together as much as they could. It was great meeting them and we are still emailing back and forth. Hope to run into them again in a few years! Ok I think I have rambled on enough. After discussing it over with my wife, we had no trouble deciding this was one of the best vacations we have even been on. We plan on going back in the near future. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great time  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>starrynites0514
<Content>It was okay for a first trip together. Hey everyone my fiance and I stayed at the Bambu for 8 days. It was our first real vacation together. ( AND we have been together 7 yrs!) Anyway, I have to say, the hotel is definatley NOT a 4 or 5 star. HOWEVER, the complex itself was very beautiful. Unfortunately your sleeping conditions are very uncomfortable. The beds are hard as a rock!! No exaggerating...you would be better off on the floor.I had no problems with the food for almost the hole trip. Towards the end i started feeling ill, however it could have been due to the fact that i was ready to go home. There is plenty of food to choose from so there is no worries about that.Also beware of falling when things get wet!! I fell a time or 2. The beach of course is AMAZING!! If you love the beach you will love this beach! There is always room and chairs around. You are not crowded in or feel like there are too many people.Parents BEWARE you are in a new country and if you or your child are not used to topless woman then i suggest you stay home. I'm an American, so it is not socially acceptable in our country....HOWEVER ......it was no bother to me at all...i barley even noticed.I don't have children THANK GOD...so i can not speak for the children's activities.The workers work very hard but as said before you can only watch the animacion show 2-3 times before you get really bored. There is NO language barrier. These people have gone as far as to learn all kinda of languages to ensure that their customers are taken care. I'm sure they are hard to find. As far as English goes they speak it fine.Overall, after a couple days it gets repetitive and tiring. There is not alot to do at the hotel if you don't do excursions. I would say that for a first time trip out of my country, it was a great experience. I would go back one day but not to RIU bambu.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>bubs14
<Content>Riu Bambu (The best holiday you will ever go on) We have just go back from the riu bambu in punta cana and i can honestly say that this has been the best holiday i have ever been on. What more could you ask for from this holiday, you get the best service you will ever recieve in a restaurant, the rooms are clean and get cleaned every day without fail, the beach is out of this world, the trips are great value for money, the animation team were amazing and for a country that is a 3rd world country ive never met people who are so happy and pleasent towards the holiday makers.The entertainment at the night time was amazing, you wouldnt think they were just hotel reps with the shows they put on.A holiday that i think anyone would enjoy. Im already looking forward to next year as without a doubt i will be going back to the riu bambu.Got no complaints what so ever and.... I LOVE MY JOB!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Umekki
<Content>Unhappy at RIU Bambu!!! This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and prior to had heard nothing but good things about Punta Cana. We stayed at Riu Bamboo for 6 days. This resort is rated with 5-stars however; our experience was more around 1-2 stars. We experienced problems with communication, bugs, professionalism and service. We found that the majority of staff - front desk personnel, room service, and entertainment staff was either not bilingual or fluent in English. We had so much difficulty communicating at this resort that we felt isolated. This was a huge problem for us since we are social and always get involved in resort activities with the entertainment staff on vacations. It was ironic that we were approached by three entertainers on Monday, the day before we left, asking if we had just arrived when we had been there since Thursday and had been very visible going to shows and walking by them many times a day. They had never noticed us even for a brief time when we were one of two couples of color walking the grounds. We also could not communicate our needs to the room service staff at all because they understood nor spoke any English. We did not have face towels to bathe with. They had to be requested. Our room was to come equipped with an iron/board and it didn鈥檛. The iron arrived within hours of my request but it took me 3 requests, 2 face-to-face, within a 28 hour span before an ironing board arrived. By the way I didn't wait for them; I took one from an unoccupied room because I was tired of asking for one having already been told that I had received an iron and adapter. With regard to outlets, they are limited. We had 2 outlets of which only 1 receptable on each was available. In our room, one of those receptables was broken and the ungrounded adapter provided by the hotel did not work with all appliances.The next problem was with bugs. We had small bugs running across out night stands and bugs traveling through holes in the wall area of the bathtub. The last straw on our last night was the cockroach crawling on the bathroom counter. With regard to our experience with the lack of professionalism from some affiliated personnel, we scheduled a photo session directly with a photographer only to be stood up by him. We eventually went to the photography store where they work and hang-out and were told that our photographer was on the beach and there was no one to help us. We continued to ask if there was someone available who could take over as we were going to make a big purchase. We got frustrated because the lady working the counter was not fluent in English so she would have to defer to other photographers who seemed to ignore our urgency as we were leaving the country the following day. Finally after much persistence, someone agreed to photograph us. By the way, the other photographer showed up at the store and did acknowledge us or apologize.Please note that this resort only has 4-5 channels in English. A couple of channels have programming that varies between Spanish and English programs. We wanted to watch ESPN and found that this resort does not have this channel not even at the new Riu Palace鈥檚 sport鈥檚 bar which means that you will need to find out about their 鈥渟atellite鈥?TV.In general, we found it difficult to converse with the locals to learn more about them, their country, their products/goods etc. As a result of this experience, my husband does not want visit the Dominican Republic again even though we met other U.S. couples whose experiences were 180 degrees opposite such as being accommodated and upgraded, receiving excellent service from everyone and being offered Spanish lessons, horseback riding and cooking lessons for FREE to name a few.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>chazmack
<Content>Buyer beware! Sorry but were not royalty or spoon-fed but we found the Riu Bambu to be really disappointing. On the other hand the beach and the resort location were without doubt superb. Let us explain further;1. Thomson state that the resort is 4+T (this is their rating), the resort itself (RIU) states that it is 5*. The Thomson Rep told us that the 4+T rating is based on what customers say in their end of holiday satisfaction summary form issued out on the plane back to the UK. We were then told that Thomson base their 4T rating on the following; Location, Activities, Local Entertainment, and lastly the accommodation. Who is telling the truth? And this is where the problems start......2. The rooms; Where do we start the rooms are not 4+T or even 5* they are at push (and you really have to look at these rooms on the amount of money you are spending) 2* at least. Damp, musty, and noisy. We had to change our beds, not the bedding..... the beds! The beds were covered in black mould/mildew and stunk to high heaven. There was even stale blood on them. We saw at least 4 beds being moved from other rooms that were in as just as bad a state as the beds in our room. If you go, pull back the sheets, and pull back the beds and have a really good look for yourself. The bed-sheets will not be changed unless you ask. So ask if you want clean sheets.Ok let鈥檚 go on.... Telephone didn't work, and we asked to get it fixed throughout the two weeks but it never was. Drying/Clothes -horse on the veranda was broken and couldn't be used, Air Conditioning system was leaking and had to be mopped up every morning. Chairs within the room were broken and weren't changed even after complaining. Hair dryer within the bathroom was a serious hazard as the plug was hanging out of the socket next to the sink. 3. The food; the food is as eclectic as the tourists that go to this resort so no real complaints. Just don't expect sausage, egg, and chips washed down with Watneys Red Barrel. 4. The restaurants; The Colonial Restaurant was just like a huge canteen, take what you want and sit down. One half is no-smoking, the other half is smoking. The Mamajuana Restaurant is a bit of a fright, fat sweaty men in trunks sitting down next to you while you have your lunch is a bit off putting particularly when they start smoking. We ate their once, and never again. The Caribe Grill burnt down, and we weren't told. No one told us that the rest of the restaurants were safe, or there was no cause for alarm. We found out by word of mouth and not from the RIU staff or the Thomson Rep. Very disturbing. 4. The drink/s; What do you want, flat Coke, flat 7-up, flat beer, watered down cocktails; well you can get all of these here! The only the drinks that we had that were not flat were the drinks you get in the mini-bar in your room. Question? Why is this mini-bar seen as a bonus, or selling point for this hotel? Hotels throughout the world have mini-bars. If you鈥檙e buying this holiday for a mini-bar in your room then think again.5. The Pools; The main pool was very popular, and this has its own problems. Ear infections were common, so were fag-ends, straws, plastic-cups, pieces of fruit, and god knows what else floating about in the pool. Blame the swim-up bar. The other pool was quieter with fewer issues. 6. The Animation Team; Well were do we start....after about 4 nights of watching the 'entertainment team' we had had enough. No doubt that they work hard, and they put in a lot of effort, but not every night. There is nothing else to do in this complex. We were advised not to go out after dark by the Thomson Rep, therefore the nights really dragged in particularly the second week. 7. Trips Out; Get out of the complex! Get out and see the real Dominican Republic, we went on the Monster Truck Safari (of course its dusty your in a old open 8x8 military truck) and had a wonderful time. We also went on the Speedy Venture; speed boats and snorkelling, fed the fish...great stuff. Seona Catamaran trip was stunning; beach, dolphins, flying fish, and the catamaran itself. The trips are excellent but be wary of the price we have a family of four and to take the three trips we went on cost an additional 拢650. 8. Money; Take $dollars and RD$dollars. When you step of the plane it will cost you $40 to get in, and it will cost you $20 each to get back out. Make sure you have this money to hand. When you go through customs and you are in the departure lounge their is no Cash Machines, so make sure you have enough money to last the two hours you have to wait for your plane.9. Smoking; We don't smoke. If like us you don't, then you will find this complex pretty uncomfortable at times. Bars, restaurants, and reception areas are all smoking areas. So be aware. 10.Conclusion; The DR is a wonderful country, with amazing beaches, with happy and friendly people. The staff at the complex worked their socks off, and we have no complaint over the effort they put in to make our holiday a lovely experience. Please remember the average wage for DR workers is 拢3-4 per day. We would go back but not to the Bambu. Save some more of your your money and go to the Riu Palace or the Riu Macao. RIU Bambu.......more like RIU Boohoo  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>paulwinter33
<Content>Loved it! Let me start by saying that having seen some of the negative reviews about the Riu Bambu on this site I was very aprehensive about our stay. However, how wrong they were and we had a fantastic time.Having arrived at Punta Cana Airport to a smart terminal with a thatched roof (!) I knew that standards on this island would be better than some of the others we have visited. We are a family of 4 (2 adults, 2 children (13  10) and travelled on a Thomsons package holiday to the resort.The Riu Bambu is set on 35 miles of beautiful beach and is one of 5 Riu properties forming the Punta Cana resort. You can use the facilities of the other Rui Hotels (3 of) but not the two Palace Hotels. Having visited them all I am glad we choose the Bambu. All of the public areas are spotlessly clean and the gandeners are forever tidying up the landscaped gardens around the complex. There are two pools with plenty of loungers and large umbrellas around but there is a lot of shade due to the number of tall palm trees so you may find you are moving your lounger depending where the sun is. The beach is just fantastic and again with plenty of loungers all day. The towel hut did run out of fresh beach towels around lunch time so make sure you get them in time.The main restaurant (The Colonial) is very good with a massive choice. I can not believe you could not find something you would like from the massive range of salads, pizza, pasta, hot roasts, speciality dishes etc. Mamma Juana on a lunch time is very informal situated nearer the beach/pool and you can again sample a wide variety of both hot and cold things. You can go in there with just you beach wear. On an evening this becomes the a la carte restaurants of Italian and Steakhouse. We tried the Italian and had a really nice meal. Did hear some negative comments about the Steakhouse so we did not bother trying. The best restaurant was the Caribe Grill - had a lovely meal there one evening, situated on the edge of the beach, under a thatched roof with the sound of the sea etc etc.....Regretfully 2 days later it had had a fire and was reduced to a pile of ash on the beach but they were hopeful of having it rebuild by mid September.The bedrooms were fine. They were clean and comfortable and we all found the beds/pillows to be fine. We opted just to have one room which had 4 beds in and this was a little cramped but it was our choice. The maids did a great job af tidying up after us and often left some fresh flowers or made a 'shape' out of a folded towel.The highlight certainly for my son was the entertainment team. If you want to take part there is all day entertainment for adults and kids alike, from pilates on the beach, water polo, aqua gym, horse shoes etc. If you don't want to take part then don't! The kids programme is fantastic and far better than kids clubs run by the tour companies in other places we have been.. Although they take children from ages 4-12 I do think their activities are aimed at the older end of the age group. They award certificates each evening for the winners in their games. Angela and Mister OT were excellent and worked very hard to keep the kids amused. One word of warning - if you are used to using kids clubs with your tour operator then note there is no signing in and out procedure here and often my son would turn up back at the pool because they had finished. Not a massive problem as the complex is 100% safe but just a word of warning especially if you have younger kids.Evening entertainment is not West End standard - if you want this then go to London. The team work really hard to keep everyone entertained, it might be cheesey but hey, you're on holiday!Drinks from the bar are great. If you want a particular brand (Gordons, Smirnoff etc) then ask for it, if you don't, then you will get the local brand, which is fine. Cocktails are great and they do a good range for the kids too.British are in the minority which is nice and there were many guests from USA, Canada, Europe, Angentina etc. On one morning you could spot the Brit having a beer with his breakfast! Main language is spanish and you can get by by nodding, smiling, pointing and generally making yourself understood. Please and thank you can be understood in any language.With regard to tipping - we tipped at dinner if we thought the service had been really good (just a few $) and we did leave a little more for our room maid on a few occasions, as she did a great job. When we had done this there would be a new 'towel statue' or flowers.Overall, we all had a great holiday. A great resort, great facilities and great people.Would I go back - YESWould I recommend it - YES (definately!)Did I want to come home and go back to work - No !!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TwistedCandy
<Content>Loved it the over all stay was great with a few minor issues. first we were put in a room where our balcony looked out to some backyard which was not pleasant, so i asked if our room could be changed to the main walk way and it was with no problems. we also gave a 10$ tip after that. then we came to realize later that night that our shower head was broken and was spraying water out all different ways and very strong. but then my bf fixed it by popping in the rubber back into place, good thing because i did not feel like repacking and moving into another room probably with another flaw. you cannot expect it to be perfect its not the palace!..then we found out we cannot charge our phones, camera, anything you have to go to the lobby and they will charge your phone for you along with everyone elses. so my bf decided to pop off the plastic around the outlit and everything fit and we charged with no roblem except we would sometimes blow out the electricity and we would just call over the guy to put it back on. other biggest issue was when we decided to bring in some bread to the room becuase the buffet closes at 10pm, then we came back to find little ants all over the bread, so that was the last time we brought it food, unless if you want to put it in the refrigerator to keep away from the ants. last issue i had, after reading all the reviews about people complaining about how there was not much variety in the buffet area, arriving there i was amazed on how much food they had to pick from, then i came to realize that it was all repetitive just on different sides of the buffet which makes it look like theres a lot to choose from, except its all the same. but you learn to deal with it and 2nd day youll find something that youll like. everything else was great, we were more of beach types the waves are fun everyone buys those inflatable toys. its very breezy on the beach so its very relaxing, more then enough palm trees. the pool is very small for the amount of people and KIDS that like to stay at the pool, its also very warm which i did not like after bathing in the hot sun. goodluck with getting a shaded area in the pool area by 8am they were all taken. shows were boring to me and repetitive every 5 mins they have the same dance for some reason, they do work hard but just wasnt for me id rather walk on the beach be at the bar play cards anything...also it was hard to find a table to watch the show at 9:30. the smoothies did not have enough alcohol so you have to ask them to put alot in and watch them, also it would melt instantly. my favorite is amaretto sour, beer was very goodthey have activities through the whole day every hour for kids and adults which keeps everyone entertained, we played bingo everyday. Thursdays they have a Caribbean night festival. during our stay we did not get sick however the first 3 days we were in the bathroom after every meal, we just took Imodium and everything was back to normal. we did not drink their water however we did see a lot of people drinking it, what saved me was club soda after 4 days i was dehydrated because i do not drink sweet sodas and alcohol just dehydrates the body so i was dieing for some cold water and then found out they have club soda!we thought going during the summer time would be overbearingly hot, however it was more humid then hot and by night it was just fine except of course in the buffet, we sat outside most the time. pacha night club was free one night but you have to pay for the drinks 2 beers came out to 7$ US. not sure if its always free and you pay for the drinks or if you pay to get in and pay for drinks. but that night was free. it was empty at first, so we decided to wait it out and then it got packed, a lot of fun. starts at 11 probably opened till 3am, we were very hungry after drinking though our hotel served us ham and cheese sandwiches by the bar in the lobby, wish they had more to choose from since its all inclusive 24/7. there's many excursions to go on, we went to on the truck safari something like a 100$ per person, starts at 8am till the latest is 6pm. Very interesting loved it, although i was not happy with our truck they advertise the mega truck that you will be on but you get on a medium sized one very uncomfortably placed seating, extremely bumpy very fun at first but then by the end of the day gets very irritating. at the end of the excursion they get you to horseback riding, i personally did not get on a horse, all the horses are wounded in some way, the metal strap around their mouth they some of them had an open wound where the metal piece kept rubbing against the meat of the horse and blood kept coming out of it. i chose to walk to the bus 5 mins away and leave the horse at rest, everyone including myself got bit by mosquitoes bring bug spray because only in that one area where the horse are walking through the forest there are big mosquitoes and you will get bit. over all definitely worth the experience, its safe, fun, and they feed you. except one idiot threw a rock at an alligator that was already caged up so some [--] do tend to come on board. everyone disliked him the rest of the trip. last day we left it rained and we thought we got lucky since werent missing out on a beach day, usually their rains last nomore then 30 mins and then its sunny, but this was i guess a tropical storm and our flight was cancelled American Airlines. the punta cana airport did not let anyone stay over night in the airport they said they would help us find hotels to stay at and the airlines would not accommodate our stay. they were finding hotel rooms for 200$US per person at hotels such as majestic, the Riu's, any way, that was way over their heads, some people were taking it because they had children or they did not want to be left without a hotel to stay at, the guy from GoGo found us a hotel room for 60$ US per room so that was a great deal after hearing 200$ per person, but the hotel stay was pretty scary it was on a street the room was not to its best of course, but we made it out safe and we made sure other people were going there as well so we stayed together and left in the morning together. also since it was raining throughout the day the airport had left our luggages outside in the pouring rain and everyone's luggage was soaked with rain, when i opened up my luggage the next morning i had half the luggage with damaged clothing. best tip i learned is to place a plastic bag around the inside of the lugagge and tie it with ur clothes inside. however my luggage was thin material i assume because my bf's luggage did not get any water through it. all the minor issues are all manageable, and should not ruin anyone's stay, every hotel has its flaws, so if we had a few ants shower head broken, etc..i didnt mind it, we also found out that they did not change our bed sheets the whole stay that we were there they just some how nicely do your bed as if they are freshly cleaned, not sure what they do with the towels but they looked clean at leats and we left tip everyday. we did call the front desk to sen dus up fresh clean sheets so we can do the beds our selves and they sent them up right away, btu we were to tired to change them and left them for the maid to change them and she still didnt. i would definitely return to the other Riu s but not riu bambu only because i already know what it is about, but i would gladly recommend it for others.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>moleyhunny
<Content>riu bambu we luv you!!!! go narly dudes!!!! I returned this morning from a 2 week stay at the Bambu with my partner and 11 year old son. After reading some of the reports before my trip i was slightly apprehensive on the plane trip over to the Dominican, however i soon realised that the people who had written these reviews must be from royal households who are used to being spoonfed and bedbathed!!!!!There is so much to tell you about ..... i hope you are sitting comfortablyHotel rooms - Roomy and clean. Beds are large and fairly comfy, pillows are not the softest but if in doubt pack your duckdown!!! Shower is great and the air con works well. The minibar and optics are a real treat and are topped up as you need them with coke,lemonade, tonic, beer and water.Pools - Didnt really use the larger pool, that was the noisier of the two and had a swim up bar. We frequented the smaller pool which was great and was positioned well for drinks and snacks at the mamajuana restaurant. Always able to get a sunbed which was a pleasant suprise.Entertainment - very good. The animation team work tirelessly to make sure you are kept happy. Loads of games all day for kids and adults alike and the evening shows are good fun. If you fancy a little merengue there is always someone willing to partner up with you. Hi to Oliver,Cucchi and P.diddy. (oh my god i love my job!!!!). Clientelle - people from all over the world visit the Bambu. Lots of Canadians, Americans, Itailians, Spanish and other Europeans. A good mix really, plenty of other Brits tooBeach - to die for! The view is breathtaking. Turquiose sea and fine white sand. Palm trees as far as the eye can see and as many sunbeds as you could wish for. Non motorised water sports are free. The kayaks pedalos and catamarans were all good fun. I had a wonderful massage in a hut on the beach, it was sooooo relaxing and was only 拢20 for half an hour. It was well worth every penny. The kids can also get henna tattoos on the beach.Food - wow!! the food was great. there was so much to chose from that no one coud possibly moan. A fantastic choice every day. Always a roast, salads, veg, pasta, pizza etc etc the list is endless. There is an Italian and a steak house which are ok. The nicest place to eat was the Caribe grill which sadly burnt down whilst we were there. Lets hope they rebuild it, we had a lovely 5 course meal there overlooking the sea. Kids view - my son loved every minute of his holiday. We hardly saw him ,he was always off doing somethingWeather - very hot and very very humid. The sweat pours off you and you feel quite lethargic for the first couple of days. Make sure you only pack lightweight clothes, it really is hot there.Golf- My partner played golf at the local couse which he said was superb if a little pricey. It was $120 which included buggy,club hire and drinks and he said the course was beautiful. A must do for any golf addictdrink- everything under the sun available, tried some fab cocktails and loved the chocolate milkshakes and strawberry daiquiri. Also loved the cappuccinos.Rep - a bit wishy washy but she was on site a lot. I heard from some other holiday makers that she hadnt helped much when they had a problem but hey thats holiday reps i guess!!Hotel itself - great. All the staff are very helpful and the place is nice and clean. Reception is open 24hrs and there are shops on site for choccy ,crisps cigs and nik naks. Trips - didnt do any so im afraid we cant comment. We heard mixed reviews about most of the trips but the general consensus seemed to be that they were all overpriced. To be honest you dont really need to pay extra to go on a trip, there is so much to do onsite.faults - none really but if we really had to nit pick then we would ask for a bar or waiter service on the beach. It wasnt a problem to go and get a drink but it would have been fantastic to have drinks without having to move too far!! We also disliked the smoking in the restaurant although there is a non smoking section To be honest there really is nothing to moan about. The value for money is fantastic and the quality is superb. If you are looking for great all inclusive holiday where you feel safe and spoiled then this is the holiday for you. We had a fab time, met some great people and we would return in the blink of an eye. Go and book it... you know you want to !!!!! Email me if you want to ask anything else  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>DustyMidlands
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We booked this hotel for our wedding  had a fabulous time.The main areas of the hotel are stunning but the room seem a little dated for a 4*, however, that soon paled into insignificance once we got into the swing of things.Staff are very friendly  accommodating.Food was gorgeous  there was a wide variety on offer.The entertainment team were superb, especially Latiti - the name says it all about him.My main criticism was that the main pool was cold and far too deep for the children and the paddling pool was too deep for my youngest (aged 2) to be in there without armbands. For young children I would recommend the Naiboa as the pool is the most child friendly. The same food is available there even though it is a 3* but the rooms are not up to the Bambu standard.The Bambu is so great that many from the two neighbouring 5*s came to our pool, which meant it was overcorwded sometimes.The family are going again later this year so it can't be bad at all.One of the best holidays I have had in the Caribbean (even if you take out the fact that it was my wedding day)with regard to the wedding, relax  let them take care of it - mine went without a hitch  they took care of all of the arrangements.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JBs_advice
<Content>A Wonderful Holiday       Saona Island - the quiet bit  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosieanddanny
<Content>Paradise Arrived at the Bambu and was amazed at how beautiful it is...fantastic gardens, beautiful buildings and great pools. It is in an ideal location of being right on the Punta Cana beach.I really rate this hotel if you are looking for luxury, a romantic holiday, relaxation yet the opportunity to do water sports snorkelling etc. (All included! :o) )Everyone seems to complain about the food yet you are in the Carribean- it is the third world!! There was always plenty to choose from in the buffet- some of the food may seem a bit manky but there is always plenty to choose from. The best thing about the food is that they do theme nights. Mexican night was fab. The staff were dressed up- fruit displays were fab and the food was delicious.We didnt manage to book into the restaurants which was a shame as we left it too late but they looked great. We did plenty of trips which arent cheap but are well worth it. Eg- Monster truck, dolphin encounter, etc. If you dont do the trips there is plenty to do by the pool, eg aerobics and sports.The pool bar was fab. Amazing smoothies. The entertainment was good. Lots of shows and games.During our stay, I got very sick for a few days. This could be down to the tap water- such as brushing teeth. So do be careful! The illness completely wiped me out and I was on the toilet alot! I recovered though! The rooms are lovely and luxiourious so it was ok place to be ill in. The mini-bar was fantastic as it got replenished. The bottles of REAL coke were a highlight as I needed a sugar rush when I was ill as I felt so dizzy and wiped out.Staff were very motivating and so incredibly hardworking.Overall a brilliant trip. Remember you're in the third world when it comes to water and food. Beautiful beaches!!! Have an amazing trip and remember that life is for living xxx  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Mackem_27
<Content>Good for a week relaxing break I would say this hotel is just about a 4*. Good points are the lovely friendly staff, food selection very decent, nice towel designs in the room in the shape of animals, lovely beach, attentive service. We had a minor problem on ants in the room when we checked in plus a loose door handle, however within about 3 minutes a maid and handy man were there. We also had about 4 follow up calls to check if everything was ok. Bad points is there is not enough loungers if you want to lie by the pool (unless you want to get up at 8:00am), the restaurants are not air conditioned and were just too hot. The air con in our room (an end room) was not cool enough however others' rooms were fine. Also the animation team are a bit loud and in your face at times. If you want a nice week break in the sun then this is fine, however I think it would be a bit boring for more than that.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Travelfun08_8
<Content>Amazing beach! We just returned from a week at the RIU Bambu. I had read the negative reviews, but was optimistic anyways. The hotel is not bad, but is certainly not a 5 star. The lobby is beautiful, but the rooms are small, standard, and in need of renovating (hole in the tub). Very clean and great water pressure though. Mini bar with pop and beer, but the only water was in a gallon jug, no indivual bottles, which was disappointing. The air conditioning worked poorly, and a main factor in my disappointment was your room is the ONLY place in the hotel with air conditioning. Be prepared to be hot and sticky at dinner; less than enjoyable. Didn't even want the have a coctail at the bar after dinner or watch the entertainment since it was so hot and uncomfortable. Pool area crowded and could be cleaner, water way too warm. Beach area fantastic!! Plenty of chairs and your choice of sun or shade. Entertainment throughout the day is fun, your choice to join in or not. Service not the best. We brought plenty of money for tipping, but rarely received the service to give a tip. Drinks are great! Overall, ok hotel for the money, would rate a 3, not a 5.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	3	2	

<Author>PiratesSmile
<Content>Beautiful beach,Not so great hotel! We have just returned from our 8 night vacation at Riu Bambu. Here is my report.Hope it's helpful. ARRIVAL-at the airport went smooth and quickly.The only drawback was immediatly being hit up for a tip by entertainers,guys wanting to carry your bags and a lady in the restroom handing you a paper towel to dry your hands after washing them. Please! The trip to the hotel was scary.We were transported in a van by VIP tours and the guy drove like a maniac, but this way of driving seemed to be normal there.It has to be seen to be believed,but we did arrive safely. CHECK-IN-went smoothly and we were in our room quickly.The rooms were a little small,not glamorous, but good.Their a/c system was okay.Just cool enough.We didn't even use blankets at night.The beds are firm but I think it actually helped my back.My dad and step mom's room was a different story.They rented a suite.When they got to their room it was so hot it felt like a sauna and they immediatly complained.They sent someone out who supposedly fixed the problem but when they returned to the room 2 hours later it was still burning up HOT! They moved them to a standard room where they stayed for 2 nights until they had another suite come available.Sadly they moved someone else into their old (Hot) suite which still wasn't fixed that very night.On the up side maid service was great! BUFFET-restaurant was okay.Not near as good or as big a variety as we have seen at other hotels in the Caribbean.The Italian and Steakhouse restaurants were outdoors in what is the Mamajuana buffet by day. Not real fancy and too hot.It is set back off the beach and the palm trees on the beach block the breeze so be prepared to sweat at dinner .The Caribe Grill is a little nicer and much cooler because it is right on the beach and has a nice breeze but food is nothing special.Overall the Steakhouse had the best food and the Caribe Grill had the best atmosphere.Wait staff at all were not attentive and spoke very little English. BARS AND DRINKS- were okay.My husband didn't really care for their beer.Bartenders were not the greatest,slightly rude,and again spoke little English.Tipping definitely helps! THE POOLS- too small and way too crowded.Not near enough lounge chairs for everyone.No breeze at the pool making it very hot and pool water wasn't even cool more like warm bath water.Not what you want on a hot day.We enjoy the beach more so this wasn't that big of a deal to us.The beach was a different story.VERY beautiful,nice cool breeze,plenty of chairs and shade in the palms if that's what you want. Swin in the designated area,if not you may get hit by passing boats! Lots of beach activities available and scuba shop on the beach.The toel hut was a joke.We were given wet/dirty towels on more than one occasion.Yuck! EVENING SHOWS- were boring to okay.Again very hot.If you go, sit out near the bar,It is slightly cooler than if you sit near the stage.The animation staff seemed friendly and had lots of things going on during the day at the pool if you can stand the over crowding! TOURS-were over priced and very commercial.We did the Caribbean festival.Save your money.This trip was 80.00 a person.We swam with caged sharks and snorkled in a less than great area.There was a small show on the boat along with snacks and drinks.If you truly love snorkeling you won't like this! If it is your first time you may like it.We also did a 750.00 fishing trip. Again,save your money.We trolled for about 3 hours with no action then in the last hour caught a small White Marlin.Not what we expected.We had a group of nine including 2 children and were hopeing to go out,each of us drop a line and possibly catch some fish.You can't make fish bite but we would have liked the chance to at least cast a line.Also we attempted to buy a case of beer through the guide before leaving and were quoted 48.00.Please! They said this is the average cost of a case of beer in Punta Cana.There is no way in this poor country beer is 48.00 a case! It was a clear attempt to rip us off. I definitely would not feel comfortable renting a car and venturing off on my own.Driving and road conditions are a nightmare.Town seemed less than safe.This was a little disappointing.We felt trapped within the resort. In conclusion,the beach was the most beautiful I have seen and would probably return to Dominican Republic but not this particular hotel or the Punta cana area,maybe the north coast.If you choose Riu,try the Palace next door,it seemed much nicer,you will be glad you did.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Lola70
<Content>Nice staff, great beach but food just ok... Let me first start by saying that some people are just plain ridiculous!!!I just got back from the Riu Bambu and before going was very nervous due to such negative reviews on this site.I read over and over again that no one spoke english...what hotel were these people staying at? Every person I talked with except for gardners and maids spoke very good english along with french and german as well. The staff at this hotel was extremely friendly and went out of their way to make you as comfortable as possible at all times.I am a travel agent and therefore have travelled to many destinations and many kind of hotels. Do I think this hotel is a 5 star no...but it is definitely a 4 star for sure.The food and the air conditioning were my biggest concerns while there. The food tasted good but I was very surprised by how small a selection they had everyday in the buffet. And the fact that there is no air conditioning in the main buffet was a problem as due to the ceilings being so high you cannot feel the breeze from the ceiling fans and therefore it was unbearably hot on some nights.Other than those two things everything else was fabulous.The entertainment team were awesome, especially Sexybelly, Coochie and Evelyn. Every night these people dance their butts off for unapprecaitive tourists and keep a smile on their faces while they do it!! It would be nice if people realized just how hard these people work for very little money. Overall I had an excellent time met some great people and hung out on an amazing beach what else could you ask for? I would go back no problem as long as you don't go expecting to be spoiled rotten like you are at a Sandals or something you will have a great time!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TonySJA
<Content>Sorry to say... That I have to agree with the other bad reviews on this site about this hotel.I was mortified when I read the poor reviews about this hotel after booking a 拢2.5k trip there, but hoped for the best. The best I did not get.How this is a 5 star I do not know, it is a 3 star at best. This is apparent as soon as you get through reception.We arrived during a Euro 2008 semi-final and felt like we had turned up to an 18-30s holiday in Spain. It was very rowdy and not the 'Premier' luxury relaxing experience we had expected.Check in at the hotel was fast (as we were first off the coach) but you have to leave your bags at reception so a porter can get a tip by bringing them to your room. This in itself was not a problem but the half an hour wait for the porter to bring the bags to our room after 13 hours travelling was an issue.Room: Looked fine and tidy but again not 5 star. A big rusty hole in the bath just filled in is an example of this. The mattresses were appalling and desperately need replacing an I came home with a bad back. I constantly had a small towel wedged behind the headboard to stop it banging the wall if I moved in the bed. The was also an infestation of insect in the woodwork and they would all run out if there was a drink placed on the bedside table next to the wardrobe. The bed sheets are not long enough for the mattresses so it came off every night.Maid:While excellent at making a variety of Swan shapes with a towel they were not hot on changing the sheets. After suspecting this I marked my bedding with a pen and after the 3rd day of the mark being there we requested that our sheets be changed. I found this quite bad as you sweat during the night so sleeping in a few nights of sweat isn't pleasant. Boxed tissues and soap were not replaced and this is basic for any hotel let alone a 5 star.Garden staff:A little over friendly and intimidating at times (with machetes that have a 2ft blade) but overall nice. I tipped one for giving me a fresh coconut which was a nice experience, he even had a straw! I wasn't convinced by their bush trimming technique of swinging their machete around violently while guests walked past on the path next to them. I found it quite unbelievable to be honest as if the machete slipped out of their hand and hit someone then they could easily be killed or loose a limb.Bar staff:A mixed bunch really but not overly friendly as a whole. I read in another review that they concentrate on the older guests as they are more likely to tip and this would make a lot of sense from what I experienced. We also did get a lot of incorrect drinks due to language and pronunciation differences (as I did try to order in Spanish).Food:There seemed to be a wide variety of choices at first but as the same food was served everyday this became very, very, very repetitive. We both had bad stomachs from the food during our stay. Also sliced hot dogs that were served at breakfast were obviously the same ones that had been served for the previous nights dinner as a whole. The freshly cooked food was nice and I would recommend getting food freshly or specially cooked food by the chefs (such as pancakes and omelettes). I would also recommend dining in the two restaurants on offer as again the freshly cooked food was very good and made a welcome break from the buffet.Drinks:Everything seemed to contain an unhealthy amount of sugar apart from the water, so be warned if you are diabetic. For example as it tasted too much like syrup otherwise. I had to have half a glass of apply juice mixed with water. The cocktails are tasty but even worse for sugar content. The drinks dispensing machines worked irregularly if at all and the soft drinks such as 'Pepsi' tasted more like Happy Shopper (low brand) cola. I would recommend drinking the bottled Pepsi and 7up in the room fridge, they were lovely and reminded me of what they should taste like. The 'house' spirits were all awful apart from the Sambuca. Although you'd be lucky to get any alcohol in your drink. We ended up ordering glasses of spirits separate to our cocktails and add them ourselves.Evening Entertainment:Good if slightly amateurish and repetitive. If you like dancing and watching other holiday makers hump on stage then you will be in your element. Before the main show they 'Animation' staff would get guests up on stage to do various tasks, usually dancing and usually ending up simulating sex. This seemed a bit inappropriate with a few rows of children at the front of the stage. Not of the dancers are of a high level, Alex for example, is amazing but this highlights the others short cummings and they were rarely in-sync during shows. But if you accept that you are not watching a high level of performance then the shows are enjoyable.Animation staff:Took me by surprise, they are very informal but friendly and one reason why the hotel does not get a rating of only 1. I was took back at first but by the end I was really friendly with a few (Diddy, Evelyn, Ronnie and Sexy Belly) and they really made the experience enjoyable. The only taint to this was them trying to discreetly sell you a music CD.Pool:Was a nice area if very very crowded, do not believe the un-busy brochure pictures. The free scuba lessons are a nice touch. However, the pool towels are a bit of a joke. They are seldom clean and we took exception to being given one with blood on. There was an irate German guest trying to complain about the towels only for the guy in the towel hut just to laugh at him.Restaurant staff:Were frustrating in how long they could take to come with the coffee at breakfast or water at dinner but objected to you helping yourself. My theory is that they were chasing tips like the bar staff. But if they don't provide good service to certain guests how will those guests ever tip them?!We were sad to go in the end believe it or not due to the weather, animation staff and the excursions. I appreciate this may sound like a negative review but it is based on it being a 'Premier' 5 star hotel/holiday package which it just wasn't. If I had been sold a 3 star family get-away then I would have been happy with what I had paid for.On a side note, everybody is after your money out in Dominican, from when you get off of the plane until you get back on. Just prepare yourself for that, it does become tiring.Oh and please note that this hotel has the Atlantic Ocean not the Caribbean Sea as we were told by our travel agent.It'll be interesting if this review is seen as helpful. Negative reviews rarely seem to be. Maybe people rate them down to whether they like or agree with them rather if the review is actually helpful.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rebelynnya
<Content>Would we go back? But of course...       Lobby view of walk to beach  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>josilarson
<Content>Enjoyable       lobby  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kayliesteve
<Content>Best holiday ever whats with all the bad feedback?       part of the restaurant by the pool  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>turnbulltribe
<Content>Riu Bambu - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Our nine hour flight from Newcastle to Punta Cana was fine, enough leg room to stretch out, and after paying the 拢5.00 loads of new films to watch on the t.v. in the seat back in front of you. Punta Cana airport looks like rows of single storey beach huts, herded through and out onto air conditioned coach for transfer to Riu Bambu. The transfer time was about 40 minutes to our hotel, and booking in very easy as we completed our booking form on the coach - goodness knows how they read your writing with the pot holes in the Dominican roads. We were allocated two rooms in the same two storey block - really close to the complex. My 21year old son and 17 year old daughter sharing one room and my hubby and I in the other. The rooms were fine, really clean, spacious with loads of hanging space for clothes. The four bar optics were fine - but as with most things we did not really use them, the fridge was fab for cold drinks. Beds were not comfy, however we could not get the hang of putting our body clocks back five hours so come eleven o'clock the Geordie party animals were ready for bed. I think the latest we stayed up was 12.30 p.m. (suffered for that the next day). Our shower was sooo powerful it hurt, so I started having baths which fine for me, could be awkward for anyone with mobility problems though.Our room and balcony was lovely and sunny, although I have a super video of the torrential rain and thunderstorm that started just at the end of the European Cup Final Football match - Germany v Spain - most of the punters ended up in the pool which was a sight to see.Overall the Colonial Restaurant was fine with a good if repetitive menu, the Mama Juana restaurant was really just a snack bar through the day and in the evening - half became the Italian Restaurant and the other half the Steakhouse (no atmosphere whatsoever - same memu every evening. (We had been to the Bahia Principe at San Juan where they have a Mexican Restaurant - food was just okay - however the atmosphere was brilliant). The Carribe Restaurant - setting was on the beach, wooden hut on stilts, however the food quite poor again same menu every night. To book this restaurant you had to be at the Colonial by 7.00 a.m. to ensure a table.We did two excusions - the first the Tropical Storm Catamaran - whilst initially a bit disappointed with the Cat, been on the Freestyle (North of the Island) and on a huge Catamara in Barbados, the company was good, Paddy the Guide was fine, just don't get poorly. Was not impressed with the snorkling really too close to the coral reef - and I'm sure they gave me a childs goggles, however all was redeemed when they took us to a shallow lagoon where the water came up to your waist and the view was heavenly. Not sure about value for money, but into second week started to get cabin fever - Europeans leaving complex was not recommended.Our second excusion - the Monster Truck was a combination of emotions - it took almost one hour to get to the Monster Trucks from the hotel - we turned into a Basilica (huge church) and I would have loved to have had a look around, however we were herded onto the Monster Trucks - our guide - whose English was passible really thought that everyone on the truck really just wanted to get drunk and being at the back it was dificult to hear what was being said. The Co-operative where all kinds of food was grown was so clean, however we could not stay long and I gave the guide the toilettries from our roon to give to the children that were asking for hats, sunglasses, trainers, etc - On the way we passed so many happy smiling children without shoes, washing in the river, etc, only one of two that made rude gestures (however - how would I feel if tourists came to look at me in their Monster Truck). The drinks were flowing - a bottle of rum passed around for people to Chug - considering the Dominican roads I'm surprised people had any teeth left. The worst part was at the Witch Doctors house - the crowds of people waiting for the Monster Trucks was frightening - crowding around asking again for caps, sunglasses, trainers, etc. The Witch Doctors house was funny - people paid about $20 for an appointment - in the outhouse was Peptobismol, etc. - I'm not going to say anything bad about the Witch Doctor in case he's reading this blog - although he was dripping in gold and dressed a bit like a Pirate - you'll see what I mean if you go on the trip.I am glad in one respect that I went on the trip, on the other handI'm not.Our son made friends with Matt, Kirsty, Simon, Jo, Jo and Lee, which was good as the Animacion Team whilst hard working - were not going to make you stay awake, some of the shows we heard were very good - the ones I saw were getting couples up to make fools of themselves and do rude(ish) things to each other - I just get embarrassed or pickled whichever one happened to come along first. I do think that the drinks are watered down, which is probably a good thing as some people just drank all day and night. Would I go back to the Riu Bamba? -In all honesty - No - theres a big world out there.Was it value for money - DefinitelyThe return journey home seemed really long and we are still jet lagged one week after our holidays. The Riu Palace hotels seemed so much nicer with a more quieter clientelle - so if you can afford I would book the Palace and then slum it with us rif-raf if you want noise and lively.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>oldenglish11
<Content>worst riu hotel ever! the RIU bambu - needs a refurb and staff to be trained!we have stayed at many RIU hotels without a problem and 5 star service hence booking into the RIU bambu.The hotel is rated a 5 star, rated a 4 star with our tour operator but iin reality its a maximum 3 star!! If you are english or american i would not reccomend there are loads of very rude french  italinans guests never heard of a waiting lineThe rooms - on arrival we were givena room which was damaged - lampshades, floor tiles, tv, you name it as well as bein very damp. We were then moved to another which had similar faults but not to the extent of the previous and then were told that it was the best room available bearing in mind the hotel was only half full! 4/10The staff - Staff are very rude, well thats unless you are older and can be taken of advantage easier. Restaurant staff were a mostly a joke - very sleezy with the women and constantly taking advantage of older guests. they have one thing on there mind and thats TIPS! which is the reason they favour the older guests. Along with them being very rude and you have probaly half chance of them ever getting you a drink at dinner (they are the worst staff i have ever had to put up with). 2/10Bar staff - many are rude and can hardly understand english expect to recieve the wrong drink a few times on your stay 6/10cleaning staff- great FAULTLESS! 10/10garden staff - lazy, sleezy and all round rude. they go around swinging there machettis which is a bit of a joke. trying to impress. If they were just using to cut the bushes all would be fine but acting the joker! NO! Also were generally asleep under the stairway on many occasions. but did keep the place tidyish!entertainment - very rude, very sleezy and walked around like they owned the place! shows were similar to a episode of benidorm! talentless!!!! lalso there is a transvestite entertainer which is not goodd for the kids or anyone for that matter, caught the freak in the toilets puting his lippy on what a joke! My advice pay extyra to go next door to The RIU PALACE PUNTA CANA! Really nice hotel and good staff, except christmas day (the waiters dont wanna be there)hope this helps!!! - im going to write up a few reviews for the other RIU's i have stayed in which are all positive!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Goodiesx2
<Content>Adults Beware My wife and I stayed at Riu Bambu for a week for our 28th anniversary. We were led to believe that because the resort had a kids area that we would be able to spend adult time at the main pool area. The first day at the pool, we found many young kids under 12 years old splashing and having fun in the area of the swim up bar. When the bar opened at 10 AM, Most of the seats were taken up by the kids. Sorry but that is not right. Kids do not belong at any bar. If the main pool was to be used by families with kids, it should have been at the end opposite the bar. I did notice that not one kid used the childrens area pool. I was not expecting a totally adults only area but when you read the write up by the resort, they do give the impression that the main area is to be enjoyed by adults not having to put up with kids jumping and splashing and taking up the bar stools. The Resort itself I found to be clean and friendly. I wish the programs would have included a little more of the English language as at times I felt lost. Food was great. I think next time my wife and I will find a little something more for adults.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>alliealliecat
<Content>Honest Travel Agent View I am a travel agent having just returned from a weeks stay at the RIU Bambu.Worth remembering that at the Punta Cana airport, the arrival of the luggage can be quite slow, and there are no drinks facilities in the arrival area, so do purchase a bottle of water before leaving the aircraft.Transfer to the hotel approximately 30minutes.Accommodation is low rise, ground and first floor only. We were positioned in the 401, very very slight seaview if you stretched your neck. Outlook onto the gardens and the neighbouring hotel Punta Cana Macao.Rooms adequate, tip - have the air conditioning and fan on, it keeps the room lovely and cool. The room perhaps was a little dated, though very clean, tidy and functional. There is no turn down service in the evening - don't get me wrong did not effect my hols, but worth remembering with regard to towels, and not having to tidy the room before going out for dinner!Mini bar is restocked regularly, and you are provided with a large bottle of water for cleaning teeth etc.Safety deposit box is in the room, and you are given the key and the lock on arrival.Pool area a little limited, and extremely popular, so often busy and noisy, but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. With the fantastic beach area, why be by the pool! No issues with sunbeds, they are plentiful. Lots of shady areas if needed, and whilst popular due to the vast size of the beach you can still be positioned away from everyone. Water very clean and refreshing. There were a few beach sellers, but they did not pester you, if you were not interested, they kept on walking and did not come right in amongst the sunbeds etc.Lots of watersports for those that are interested, from banana boat rides, paragliding to kayaks etc. Excursions - we did not do any excursions this time, but I used to live in the Dom Rep, so do highly recommend the Monster Truck excursion - its a great insight into seeing the Dominican life.Typical holiday purchases - paintings, jewellery, coffee  rum stalls are positioned in the reception area many evenings, though do barter a little with them.Beach / snack bar situated close to the beach. Drinks area self service and open from 10am.All Inclusive food - the selected was good. Though I feel with all inclusive you never have a proper meal in so much that I go around, picking up lots of different things as it looks appealing and then end up with a plate full of too much variety. Its hard to be disciplined when your on your hols. Always a good selection of meats, particular red meat at meal times. Fish is plentiful, and well worth trying. Salad bar available, as well as Pizza and pasta. Service in restaurant was sometimes a little disappointing, waiter service was often slow, but again, did not impact on my holiday. People often say that the food is the same, its not, its just that we put it all on our plates, rather than being mindful and selecting different things at lunch  dinner. Food was hot and well stocked. Desserts fantastic, cakes, fruit and ice cream all available. At breakfast they had a fruit smoothy section, well worth trying.Unset tum - people often write that they have suffered. I had a dodgy tum one day, but put that down to the fact of the amount of fruit I was consuming, my body adjusting to eating at a different time of day, the heat and perhaps a little over indulging! Its worth remembering we do not normally eat  drink as much during the day at home, and we do need to give out bodies time to re-adjust!A la Carte Restaurants - a little disappointing in so much it was the snack bar through the day. Either side of the partition were the Restaurants in the evening with a side for Grill and Italian. The food selection was very limited, though the food was OK and so was the service. Starters you helped yourselves, and had the main meal and dessert served to you at the table. We went once, but found it lacked atmosphere, and overall not what you would normally expect from an A la Carte Restaurant. Reservations were taken from 7am in the morning, there were a steady flow of people, making reservations. Don't expect to come down for breakfast at 10am and still find that you can make a reservation though. It's certainly worth trying, but be realistic with your expectations.Evening Entertainment - the team worked hard with shows and activities. The stage and bar area got very busy and hot in the evenings, we used to get a couple of drinks and go and sit on the beach, it was lovely and cool and very relaxing listening to the waves. We were lucky it was a full moon, so nice and bright.Hotel areas very clean and tidy, all inclusive cocktails enjoyable, great selection of soft, alcoholic and hot drinks. Main brand for Dom Rep is Normandy, which is adequate for a social drink etc. Wine I found to be a bit of an acquired taste - am sure it must improve the more you have!!Weather - we were really lucky with the weather, 2 showers, one at breakfast which lasted about 5minutes, and the other one afternoon on the beach which lasted no more than 10minutes.At the airport check in does take a little while, so again worth taking a drink, as typically you get stuck in a queue that does not have a ceiling fan nearby.Tip - there are a couple of snack bars in the food hall, Wendy's and a Pizza place, as well as somewhere you can buy crisps and drinks etc. We sat in the food hall area, which had huge ceiling fans however, if you go through to the departure area and the duty free its air conditioned!There area few duty free shops, but what you expect from a small caribbean airport. Therefore, do not rely on getting what you want there. All prices are in US dollars. On the inbound flight the airline had run out of many of the duty free items, especially cigarettes, so do consider when is best to buy your duty free bits and pieces. The exchange rate for the dollar onboard the aircraft is shocking, and there are hefty charges for using your card, so it might be worth actually having sterling with you, then you don't get caught out.If you have any specific questions, feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Randi1383
<Content>Amazing Trip to Riu Bambu When I first booked this trip I was very nervous after reading all the negative reviews. I honestly don't know what the people who wrote the negative reviews are talking about..This was my first all inclusive trip to an island and was beyond happy with the vacationThe flight..The flight was good and we were greeted by friendly people when we arrived in Punta Cana..The hotel..Riu Bambu exceeded our expectations..The staff was greatly helpful and were always there when we needed anything..We were greeted at the lobby when we first got there with a drink in our hand..The rooms were very nice and very clean..The bungalow set up made it feel like we were really on a vacation..We asked for a room closest to the beach and a second story room and they were more than willing to give it to us..There were 3 of us and they even gave us a cot so we would be more comfortable. We always got extra towels and everything without even asking..The pools were very nice and clean..There were always chairs around and we didnt have to get up early to save one..The beach was absolutely amazing and the water was beautiful..There was an abundent amount of chairs and once again we didnt have to get up early to get one..The food was good and we were very satisfied with the buffet that we never even went to the restaurants..They have an entertainment team that works hard during the day and at night to keep us happy and smiling..They put on great shows at night..I was very happy with everything with the hotel and the amazing service we gotExcursions..We did the dolphin swim at manati park, horseback riding and parasailing..They all were amazing and decently priced.I am a very picky person and enjoyed every second of my trip and would definitely go back in a heartbeat..I already miss it!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>brajun
<Content>Riu Bambu - Muy Bien!       Plaza Bar  Pool at night  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>dawn01
<Content>holiday from hell Dont go to this resort never again this hotel is so poor and run down, dirty, pool filthy dirty,food awful,beds dirty,bathroom old and in bad state,nothing to do with no shops, bars, resteraunts, you are just stuck at hotel, animation team work hard to please you dont go cancel now!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>oceans11Maryland
<Content>Don't Get All the Bad Reviews My husband and I just returned yesterday from a 5 night trip to the Riu Bambu. I just don't understand how some of the reviews can be so very negative. Just so you know something about us - I travel in the States extensively for work (Federal Gov't), so I don't get to stay in hotels that are considered, by vacation standards, to be be more than 2-3 star hotels, we both ride motorcycles and love to fish. I love to read, love the tropics and beaches. My only request when traveling is that I have a clean room and clean sheets on my bed. My husband hunts and plays golf but not much of a travel-type person; therefore, tends to be a bit more high maintenance when we do travel together. We both were very pleased with our stay at Riu Bambu. We stayed in Building 3 in Rm 312, second floor - very close to everyting and located on the left side of the resort (looking in from the beach). We had an issue with the air conditioning not working, called front office and within minutes, literally, it was repaired and we had more air than we needed. One afternoon the hot water wasn't working. A pipe had broken and the whole building was without hot water. We called, they came, we went to the beach. By the time we came back they had already exposed and repaired the pipe and hot water was working - this took less than 3 hours. By the time we came back from dinner, same day, the hole was filled in and plants were replanted and you couldn't tell anything had ever happened. - alot quicker than we are having the water pipes fixed from recent storms here in Maryland (USA) (two days and counting)!!!! This is not a new resort and things can break down; however, never was an issue and definitely did not affect our vacation. This resort is absolutely beautiful, spaceous, and the location is the best on the beach. I have seen most of the Caribbean and this beach was the most unique in that it had a forest of palm trees right on the beach. The beach was very wide and there was plenty of open sunny places on the beach as well (for all us sun worshippers). Never had a problem with finding chairs. Everything was very clean and never had a problem with cleanliness in the room or anywhere else. The food was good for us as we are not picky and only there for 5 days. We did not get sick, which was my greatest concern since we both like to take advantage of eating different foods and drinking all the specialty drinks. Took a Pepto Bismal chewable tablet every morning and started taking acidophylis two weeks prior to trip and during. Doctor prescribed cipro (antibiotic), just in case, but didn't need it.The beds were a bit hard, but oddly enough, neither of us minded it. We took snacks for the room but never ate them, as we weren't in the room long enough to need them. We even took some small battery operated fans to cool off on the beach - what were we thinking?! - the breeze was constant and perfect on the beach.Took our own towels but never unpacked them. Never a problem with towel thieves.Left tips everywhere we went because that's what we do, but didn't notice that anyone was treated differently - service with a smile and Hola for everyone - and we did notice more people did not leave tips than did - too bad.My only regret on this trip was that it was way too short. We will definitely go back to the Riu Bambu and, for the life of me, I don't get the bad reviews!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blata
<Content>Good All Round Just got back from the Riu Bambu after a fantastic week at this resort.FoodBuffet to a high standard with plenty of choices, however after two weeks could get repetativeRoomsLooked and looked for the hard beds, never found one in our room, pillows however were flat, solved that one by putting one on top of another/Air ConditioningWorked in the rooms but no Ac in public areas so could be a touch warm, but we were on holiday in a hot country so expected it.BeachAbsolutely fantastic could walk for miles, low rise hotels almost hidden behind palm trees,CleanlinessWas up every morning around 5.30 am and found the pool being cleaned, and all areas washed down, so comments about dirt etc are misplaced. Rooms kept immaculatelyRoomsSmall rooms must be a different hotel, each room had two standard double pushed together with room for a table chest of draws and be able to move about . Bathroom dated but usableOverallGood value, clean, fun, Europeans all over the place (how dare they escape) however there was a small problem at the resort a droning noise in the background of whining Americans looking for fast food outlets top shelf liquor ,better Ac etc etcRemember 110v and you need a travel adaptor, especially important for Straighteners, hairdryers etc, get dual voltage.This is the Dominican Republic not the USA.Will be going back  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>xmasgurl
<Content>Beautiful Bambu       festival band  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>phidelt1499
<Content>Had a Great Time at the Bambu       Dinner  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>BeadedMohawk
<Content>This place is suspect Myself , wife, daughter and friend just returned from a week at this hotel. I should start by saying that we got less than what we expected. I should give kudos to Apple Vacation personnel, who were very helpful. However, I am not sure where to begin. We got to the room to find it very small for two adults and two pre-teens. The mattresses were like slabs of stone, the shower did not work and the toilet ran constantly. The buffet was set up primarily to appease European tastes. So if you are a person who has a limited culinary tolerance, bring snack food with you. The only air conditioning in the place is in your room, so if you have low tolerance for heat and humidity while outside your room beware. Also note that there is no food available at the pool, and the drinks at this resort are exclusively self serve. There are no roaming waitstaff for drink orders. Speaking of drinks, if you are used to top shelfliquor you will be sorely disappointed. They have very little liquor that is recognizable to most Americans. A working knowledge of Spanish would be a plus since very few people speak English. The shows put on by the Animacion crew are repetative and amatuerish. The specialty restaraunts are also not worth making reservations for. Overall, this hotel is a 2.5 star. Took a tour that was nice, the DR is pretty but we would never go to this propety again. The chief problem is that we usually stay at Secrets properties and this hotel is not even in the same ballpark.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>Jedosca
<Content>No go for the RIU Bambu 11 of us just got back from a 4 day stretch from this place. First of all I will say the service and staff are MUCH better than Cancun or Cosumel, maybe a little better than Jamica, but too many other things are wrong. First of all our room was bad, I know most people do not stay in the room very much but you need a good bed. We had comforters that looked like what I had in the 70's as a child. They pushed to regular beds together and the bedding seemed to be worn out. The drinks were cheap, real cheap. They were made from large pre-made containers. The food was better than Cancun, but that is not saying very much. Even the famous Carbie Grill was just OK at best. I would stick to the buffets if I was going to eat. But 2 of us got sick since we have been back, one girl has been to the doctor twice, both times getting different kind of shots and I have had diarohia for the past 4 days. My wife has some kind of rash that has broken out on different parts of her body. We did love the beaches, they were the best we have seen. If you are going to do activities book them from the guys on the beach not the people that are in your hotel lobby, because you can negotiate more with the beach guys. But be careful, you must read what they are promiseing you, they will tell you what you want to hear to make the sale but generally what you are getting will be in some form of writting. Like if it says 2 hr sunset cruise then it is 2 hours, they might tell you 3, BUT they have no control, they are booking the adventure with someone else who is in charge. If you decide to visit Puna Cana, I would suggest the RIU Palace Punta Cana, it is a 4.5 star instead of the Bambu 3.5 star. We went over there 2 different days and hung out. We were not suppose to get to drink because we did not have arm bands, but everytime I ordered a couple of drinks I would have a dollar in my hand they the bar tenders would jump at the chance to get the dollar. Otherwise they will tell you NO. They make your drinks as you order them and they have choices of better liquiors. They also have guys walking around the pool asking to bring you drinks. We did a site visit, including looking at the room and it was MUCH nicer than the Bambu. I would not stay at the Bambu again but might try the Palace. I would say only about 20% of the people there are Americans, so get ready to hear many Europeans. Also many of the woman do not wear tops on the beach....but 85% of them NEED TOO!!!My final advice is if you are American then trust American reviews.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Ian35
<Content>Riu POO POO!!! The clue is in the title!!!!!Me  my girlfriend (both 22) stayed at the Riu Bambu for 2 weeks from 19 May - 02 June 2008. First impressions were good the lobby is nice and the room was fine. We went for dinner in the buffet resturant on the first night and trying to be optimisic i would describe the food as OK!!Following on from eating there for a day or two we both had constant diarohia for the remaining 12-13 days. Speaking to various other guests during our stay we did not speak to one person who did not have diarhoria. I am 100% convinced it was the dodgy food!!! I have been fine since leaving the hotel. By the second week of our stay we were sick of eating the same food in the same buffet resturant!!Brief Overview of Food  Drink:Breakfast - probably the best meal of the day, however you get sick of eating the same thing after a few days!!Lunch - The poolside resturant is hot and dirty, the food is the same every day, also the plastic cups are not washed properly.Dinner - Very similar food every night of our stay, the left over food from the night before seems to appear in the next days salads etc. The buffet room is very hot and uncomfortable. Food is generally of a poor cheap standard. Al a Carte Resturants - A REAL LET DOWN!!! The steak house and italian are not al a carte resturants (it is self service soup and starter - same rubbish food as main buffet). The resturants are based in the dirty poolside bar which is converted to resturants at night, the food is also very poor.The Caribe Grill is on the beach front is set in very nice surroundings however the food is again poor. Drinks - The majority of cocktails come prepared in big containers and not freshly prepared (tom cruise style) as we had at the Riu Tequila in Mexico. Beach - Really lovely, however no beach side bar so it is a bit of a hike to get a drink!!Entertainment - Funny and quite good shows!!! Disco - Rubbish, drinks are not included. Pools - Not very clean!!! Staff - 50% Very Friendly / 50% very rude!! Reception was always polite and helpful!!Room - beds are rock hard!!To ConcludeWe stayed at the Riu Tequila in May 2006 and it completly knocked spots of this hotel!! Having been to a Riu previously we expected similar standards at the Riu Bambu but came away extremly dissapointed.If you havent booked yet - don't!!! if you can afford I would recommend the Riu Tequila in Playacar Mexico to anyone.P.S - I am not a fussy person, just a typical young 22 year old trying to give a honest opinion. I hope this advise is useful to potential future guests.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	2	2	4	2	2	

<Author>repowomen
<Content>Very Bad 5 Apple Sqaure Deal Resort Ok :First the flight usa3000 was good,we landed in punta cana and the rep.at airport was nice,spoke ok English.Takes about 25 45min.bus trip to Resort.We go up to check -in desk and and the 2 guys there were rude to start with,said we needed to speak Spanish{which we speek alittle}.We asked about our room on beach which we didn't know until we got there that there are Not ANY ROOMS on beach were you can even see the beach,they are put together like a big city housing apartments.So they put us the closes they had to the beach which was over a football field away.Then the Apple rep.came over told us she didn't have time to answer any questions and told us to not be late for the briefing at 9:30am the next morning.Her name Yugeinly Aristy{JULIE}So from there your on your own except a map she gave with 3 circles on and said this is where you can go with package deal riu bambu resorts.So we go to our room,and there are cock roaches in bathroom,ants everywhere on floor,then the bathtub has a big rusted out spot and the toilet overflows onto the floor the first time i flush it.The airconditioner doesn't even keep it cool.So We go out walking around and all the staff are rude not friendly even though we spoke in spanish,so we go to lunch buffett,it is so hot in there you can't eat cause the heat and smells about make you sick.So we go to bar area by pool and they are rude also,by then it's time to go to the beach,Beach is nice but no bar area for drinks about half football field back to the pool bar area to get a drink.Then we got back to room to change for dinner,they have fixed the toilet from over running but it runs water{sounds loud}the rest of our trip.We dress for dinner again it's hotter then heck in buffett area.We go out to watch the show and again the staff are rude,second day i wake up at 5am always do this and there is no coffee in room or is there room serivce like they say,so i get dressed go down to front desk and ask for coffee and they tell me you can't have it until 7:30 or 8am was not happy.go to breakfast and meet with apple rep.and ask questions about no food after 10pm and no drinks after 12 pool closes at 7pm and swimup bar closes at 530pm not good.and she said so,i can't help you.asked about booking a private trip to the marina for dinner and she said NO only the excursions they offer very rude about it.NO WIRELESS INTERNET HERE EITHER.Can PAY 6.00 FOR 20MIN. BUT NO DOWNLOADING THATS EXTRA,5MIN.CALL FROM ROOM BACK TO STATES COST ABOUT 18.00.Tell her about our room problems and staff and again she says there is nothing she can do about it AND IS RUDE ALSO.the non motoried sports are not free you have to take 35-2hour lessons before they let you use them which they charge you for the lessons. There were 5 other couples we talked to that said the excursions they offer are not worth the money.Only 8min.to swim with sharks/stingrays 45min.party/lunch then back to hotel but takes about 1/2 day or more.Said the dolphine swim was ok but no pictures you have buy theres.THE SHOWS were amauture at best,but they did try.the staff were rude and the managers were worse.the food was all the same everyday and the pool area had mold growing on edges.Only seen them clean it {sweep}the pool once in 71/2 days.Will tell you an honest review about most of the hotels in area and have pictures,if need more info.All around a waste of money and it was our 10 yr.anniversary trip so it made it horriable trip.We travel alot outta country so were not beginners and this was the worse trip weve have ever had.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bambustinks
<Content>Bambu was TERRIBLE The Bad:*The room* It was disgusting. We stayed on the first floor which was a bit of a hike from the lobby. The bathroom/room was infested with little ants and had a bad odor. The beds are hard as rocks and the pillows are flat and equally as hard (kinda felt like resting your head on a notebook). The water smells that comes out of the showers/faucet and they give you a gallon of bottled water to attempt to brush your teeth with. There was a liquor dispensor with thee CHEAPEST nastiest liquor in it and a few bottles of coke (which are the only bottled beverages you will be given throughout your entire stay...so savor them). There aren't any american outlets nor is there an iron or an ironing board. You can get an adapter (that is old and broken, and an iron that doesnt even steam and is 50 yrs old) from the front desk for $20.*The Food* It was absolutely disgusting and misleading. **There is NOT a steak house or an italian restaurant... i repeat... there is NOT a steak house or italian restaurant** There are two places to eat on the resort: The colonial restaurant and the Mama Juana.  The colonial is a buffett for breakfast lunch and dinner. It is nasty. The salad bar has no salad on it just nasty looking slops of mess and it smells by the salad bar the same way it smells in the bathroom. All of the fountain sodas are flat and room temperature.  The mama juana is a buffett during the day and then at night it TURNS INTO the italian restaurant ANDDDD the steak house!!! We went to the supposed steak house the second night and got the steak that came with the same veggies that we saw on the lunch buffett that no one ate and french fries. I then got food poisioning from it and was sick for the remainder of my trip. Needless to say we didn't bother making reservations at the supposed italian restaurant that was 2 tables over from the steak house.*The bars* They only serve bottom shelf liquor, ONE kind if domestic beer and you can ONLY get it on tap, flat/warm soda, and one kind of white boxed wine and one kind of red boxed wine throughout the entire resort. The only way i lasted through the week was by visiting the little gift shop in the lobby and buying bottled waters and gatorades. One night, we found some corona bottles in the bottom back of the cooler in the gift shop and bought a few. It was worth it. *The service* Some people were cheerfull and helpful, but not most. I actually found them down right rude. I called and complained that the adapter and iron (that i just walked 6 blocks to the lobby to get) didnt work. They told me to walk BACK to the lobby and they would give me another one. I got upset and refused and then started going on about how unhappy i was with the room and everything and they ignored me. They finally sent some guy on a bike down to our room and he fixed it with his tool kit. The day before i was leaving no one would help me to find what time the bus was coming to get me and the other fellow apple vacationers to bring us to the airport. The guy at the front desks words were i dont know... goodluck man. Also the apple vacation rep that was supposed to be on the resort the whole time... was completely NOT helpful. She didn't speak english and didnt help me either. (Americans are definitly the visiting minority on the resort... you wont find many other fellow americans the whole time your there)*The Beach* The beach is BEAUTIFUL and the ocean is teal blue, warm, and clear. Overall the only good thing was the beach. However, i wouldnt return to another RIU resort if my life depended on it.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>SexyTrucker
<Content>Fantastic Location       Beach early morning  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Don61
<Content>Disappointed The trip was through Apple Vacations. I did not see any Apple reps there other then the guy at the bus. The flight down was decent, the flight attendants were all in to the Vacation spirit, telling jokes and having a grand ol'time. The airport was quick and the bus ride itself was nice. The 40 minute ride to the resort provided plenty of sight seeing and re-enforced why you should NOT attempt to leave the resort. There is a lot of bad news outside the gate. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Bright side's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* The beach was really nice. The Palm trees hid the resort.*Scuba Caribe- Provides lots of activities, take advantage of them, book kayaks and such in advance. We did the Speed Boat/Snorkel Trip... NICE!*You have access to the Palace Pool. It is 10 X better then Bambu, we hung out there often. *Lots of European guests... not only do you get the Dominican feel but you get France, Germany, U.K. and Canada too.*Wendy's is located at the Resort with 7-8 USD Value meals. Taste Great after resort food!!!!*Heading Home****The Bad!****As for RIU Bambu - This was my first all-inclusive vacation so I was going in with high expectations. Sadly I was left down. The resort at first glance is nice, the lobby is clean and inviting. As for the room... well that left something to be desired. I understand that all the room is used for is basically to shower and sleep at a resort. The Room -Well the beds were rock hard, we had to acquire beach chair pads from around the pool to help soften the bed. The liquor bar was a neat idea, but the liquor was HORRIBLE! Beware, i found lots a broken glass on the sidewalk. PLEASE wear some sort of footwear.They provide you with a couple of bottled Pepsi's in the fridge, cherish these because anything you drink at the resort is horrible. You can't use the tap water for anything but a shower, they provide a gallon of purified water so you can brush your teeth and I guess to drink, it tasted NASTY! The soda fountains located through out the resort were usually room temp and flat. The same nasty alcohol in the room is served at the bar. The top shelf stuff was refilled. You might want to pick up a real bottle at the U.S. Duty Free before leaving.The Food - The Buffets, well... its up to you. The steak house/Italian restaurant is the BUFFET during the day, (feels like a secondary school cafeteria.) The steak dinner was not all that great. The CARIBE grill was located at RIU Macao The atmosphere there was wonderful, but the food, DISAPPOINTING I am not getting into detail. ((Saw huge roaches walking around by the main bar in the middle of the resort, under soda fountain,and on the bar.))Money - Americans are basically ripped off. If you are USA and reading this, Don't forget the little things! Europeans make out. One example of cost - a standard bottle of Banana Boat SPF 15 Sunscreen costs $20 USD. Night Club - Forget It!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>2fun4maine
<Content>Great customer service...... This was my first all-inclusive and I was quite pleased with it. The rooms leave a lot to be desired, small, AC barely worked, no fan in the bathroom and just your basic room. The hotel was great, workers very very pleasant, great location, great beach, happy happy service people...great sense of humor. We did the aerobics, used the pool and had dinner at the steak house and the Carribbean Grill, both were excellent, so much food and lots of variety. We fell in love with the coffee as well. We had to get an adaptor for use of our cell phone, and camera chargers and the only wireless is in the Palace...which feels like you are on the Titanic in the lobby. If you are used to washclothes bring your own as they do not use them there. The gym is small and is open to the extreme heat, we did run but were consumed with sweat. The wind is constant which keeps the bugs away...and the ocean is a bit choppy compared to Cancun or Aruba...lush vegetation inland as well, but a very poor country. We did an all day which included horseback riding, a different beach, tour of a real farm and how they make coffee, chocolate, etc. we went to a school and we were able to stop and give candy, toys, crayons, etc. to the children we saw on the roads.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>RandyBroderick
<Content>The best vacation I've ever had We used a local travel agent to book our vacation with Apple Vacations. We stayed at the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana from April 21-25, 2008. The charter flight with USA 3000 was fantastic. A short 3 1/2 hour flight from Cleveland to the Island. From the moment we arrived, our Apple rep took very good care of us. He helped us with every aspect of our stay at the resort. The resort was very clean, as was our room. The resort staff was terrific! All very pleased to do whatever it took to make our stay pleasant. The beach was clean, with white sand and lots of space. All inclusive is most definitely the way to go. The water was turquoise blue, and very warm. The staff had lots of activities available for our entertainment. Games on the beach, where you can win rum. Dancing and aerobics on the beach also. In the pool they had water activities too! It rained just briefly each day, but hey, it's the tropics. Not enough to ruin our day, as the sun quickly returned as the raincloud passed by. The food was good, and plentiful, however different than what I am used to here in the US. Lots of fruit, and vegetables. It was a bit bland, but it probably didn't have all those chemical additives we put in to enhance taste. I just added a little salt and it was fine. The drinks were all included, and very tasty. I most certainly will be booking another vacation with Apple, and Riu next year.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mizzlnik
<Content>EXCELLENT We had previously stayed at a RIU hotel in Lanzarote in November, and that was the main reason why we chose this hotel. The photos you see are exactle the same (on Thomson website anyhow) as it is there. We had a lovely time- I am a fussy eater and although after 2 weeks, I think anyone would get fed up of the food, and I did a bit, I managed to find something that I was happy to eat at every meal. Ok, there were some weird things like egg and onion soup- who ate that? In all a fab holiday-the beach was amazing, the pools were available and never any shortage of sunbeds near the pool/beach. Staff were friendly and the rooms always excellently clean.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Xenawman
<Content>Two thumbs down for the Riu Bambu - Beds...Harder then a slab of concrete and the mattress had a ton of nasty stains all over it. I took cushions off the pool chairs to make the bed bareable.- Pillows...I swear the pillowcase was filled with newspapers. I never knew a pillow could be so hard.- Curtain...Covered in black mold.-Pool-Cloudy and the water was dirty. The swim up bar seats were slimy.-Food- Horrible! Your best bet is to eat dinner at the buffet and that sure doesn't say much. -Beach- This was really a beautiful beach. The beach was really clean!- I am not sure what the rooms look like but, the Riu Palace was 1,000 times nicer from the outside and the inside of the hotel then the Bambu.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>schelosk
<Content>Great time at RIU Bambu, can't wait to go back!!!       Walkway to the beach  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>papa_rocker
<Content>Awesome beach, very nice resort We stayed at the Riu Bambu from May 10-17, 2008. The best part of this resort is the location - the beach is absolutely perfect. Approaching the beach from the resort is a near 100% coverage palm tree canopy, which diminishes as you approach the water so that you can have all, some or no shade. The sand is soft, the tide is calm and the beach is clean.We paid $750 CAD (plus taxes) from Toronto and would easily have be happy if I had to pay up to $1000. The staff are friendly, the food is completely reasonable (stick to the buffet, pass on the a la cartes), and they have good brands of liquor if you ask.The only REAL downside was that our safe key came off of the string THEY provided, and we thus had to pay $60 USD to have the safe opened. If you like seafood, take advantage of the Capitan Cook restaurant which is not too far from the restort.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Suellen1
<Content>Fantastic Time Pulled up to the hotel via our transfers and was welcome to the hotel with a cocktail. That small token set the mood for the rest of our vacation. All we wanted to do was relax and be comfortable. We received both and more. Great drinks, fantastic food and lots of sun. What else could you ask for?! Hotel offered lots of excursions from hiking to boat tours. Walked miles of the beautiful beach. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>briansbabe
<Content>Rui Bambu - Honest review This is my first review and I will try to be objectional as possible.Riu Bambu is part of a Riu complex including two palace hotels, the Riu Naiboa and the Riu Taino. Checkin at the hotel was fast 5/5 we were shown to our room and the porter took our bags. The room was clean and tidy with a need for updating the furniture because handles were always coming off but nothing serious. There was a minibar with the usual rum,gin and vodka with a good supply of soft drinks, mixers and beer nice and cold in the fridge for when we arrived. Our room was on the ground floor and I felt safe leaving stuff on the balcony as the balconys were surrounded with bushes 8ft deep. The bathrooms were quite small with a very slippy bath - put a hand towl in the bath to make it safer when you shower. Drinking water is provided in a plastic bottle for drinking and brushing your teeth. Bedding and towels were changed on a daily basis. The down sIde was that they were having serious problems with hot water and we had to have cold showers fors for 4 days with the water very tempremental for the rest of the holiday right up to when we left yesterday ranging from low temp to not enough pressure to get any water out of the shower head and I am afraid cold showers dont do it for me, it doesnt get the lotion off, This really did put a damper on the holiday as it was really hard to get info from either the thomson rep or an answer from hotel staff all we were told was 'its being delt with'. Oh and for what its worth the water problems were for the WHOLE complex including the two palace hotels as well. I did have to commend the Thomson German reps they recognised that there was a problem and proactivley kept their customers updated and arranged for their clients to be compensated for the inconvenience.Food: There are 2 restaurants The Colonial which is a little more formal but it was still acceptable for Tshirts and shorts to be worn for all sittings so you dont need to do the formal thing by getting dressed up. The Mamajun is less formal and you can go in wearing swimwear during the day and at evening it is used for the steak grill and the Italian which have to be booked first thing in the morning. I never went any of these but from people I spoke to, their opinions varied so you will have to make your own mind up. If you do want to book a meal I would recomend the Caribe restaurant which is the only restaurant you can use from any of the palace hotels. You can access any of the other hotel bars, snack bars and restaurants but they all serve the same food. The menu is rotated on a weekly basis and becomes a bit repetative after a while but I would give it 4/5.Pool: Great except at weekends. The pool can get a little rowdy at weekends as there seems to be more people who use the resort at weekends and they can be quite loud. The pool is sunny and shaded with a jacuzzi part and a great pool bar, avoid the middle of the pool at the end of the day as all the debris from trees falling in the pool (seeds and leaves) and dead flies tended to float there due to the filtration set up in the pool. Service at the bar was average but if you want to be served quicker tip the guy $5-10 at the start of your hol and they will look after you. DONT order a mojito (drink with fresh mint leaves) as they dont wash the mint and they include the root often with a bit of soil still on so I would definatley give this cocktail a miss. Beach towels are replaced daily in exchange for for the towel card provided but dont put them on a bed and leave them if you go to the beach, some people had theirs nicked and there was a possibility of being charged $20 if you didnt hand your towel card into reception when you left 4/5.Beach: Well what can I say - perfection. Beautiful white sandy beach with soft rolling surf and plenty of beds for sunbathing 5/5.Entertainment: This is average with score of 3.5/5. The guys are brill and wait till you meet sexy belly. I have never met anyone with such an infectious smile and humerous personality. The girls tend not to be as enthusiastic with the exception of Ebony and the girl with short blonde hair but when you see what thet do I dont suppose I blame them. The team in the Taino were good so it was worth the walk up there.Ther are lots of trips available and if you look on the thomson website under extras you can get a bit more info including prices but if you are going to do any thing do the trip to Sanoa, its a long day but well worth it. It starts with a coach trip to the artist village then you walk (300 yes 300 steps) down to the paddle boat where you are served drinks. Then you get onto the speed boat where you stop off and paddle in the wist high water with fresh fruit and more drink then back on the speed boat to Sanoa where we had a BBQ and time to snorkle and swim. Then we got on a catamaran for party and drinks and then the bus back - wonderful day 5/5.Tips: Bring plenty of sun lotion if you are coming from the uk get P20 from the airport its 拢20 a bottle but one bottle will last two people a week and once its on you dont need to reapply no matter how many times you go in water brill stuff if you get prickly heat. If you can get them bring citronella bands to wear on your ankles to keep the mossys away better than the spray and you can get two bands from Asda for 拢1.80 (I would use one on each wrist and ankles) and citronella tea lights for when you sit out side having a drink. If you like your nibbles take nuts and choc as these are quite expensive to buy. If you are going to tip do so at the begining of the hol and you will be well looked after. Take more than one pair of sun glasses. Fill a form out at reception for the Rui Classic card this will give you discounts at several retailers and extra internet time on the resort. At night time its HOT so be ready for it take lots of natrual fibres to wear it makes it more comfy. Get your duty free from home as the airport only has a small shop and doesnt stock a lot. If you can afford it get a taxi to the airport we had to wait 3 hrs in the departure lounge - a long time with not a lot to kill the time. Eat before you get to the airport the food is not very nice.Sorry it has been so long but I have tried to give as much info as possible and you can email with any questions you might have and I will try and help you out as much as I can.Happy Hols  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>HoneyBunnyToronto
<Content>Good for families with kids We stayed @ Riu Bambu May 1 - May 8 with kids age 7 and 9.HOTEL: nice layout, pools and beach are very close by. Lots of palms with great shade, many barsROOM: cheap, old stile; hard, uncomfortable mattress, bad pillows, short sheets, which hardly cover mattresses.HOT WATER: not sure, if it is common, but we had 3 days with no hot water.BEACH: beautiful, clean, blue sea, white sand, lots of room in a shade under palms.SWIMMING POOLS: very nice, quiet deep for small children, nice swim bar.KIDS CLUB: only open 9:30-12:00 and 15:30-17:00. Kids have lots of activities and sport games. There is a tiny kiddy swimming pool as well.BUFFET: food is a good quality , but not a huge variety. Not good for meat lovers (only 2-3 kind of meat during dinner); not much seafood as well.ENTERTAINMENT: great, people are working very hard during the day as well as @ night shows.IN GENERAL: we had a great, relaxing vacation. Hotel is a 4 star level.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>pennytravels
<Content>Great Spring Break 2008       On the way to RIU  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LisaVA
<Content>Good Vacation at the Bambu       Nice view looking up on beach  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ferrdazz
<Content>Needs face lift We have just returned from a week at the Riu Bambu.Group of 14Beach was great ,full sun or shade alot of palme treesPool could be bigger and cleanerRooms could use a face lift,A/C was noise hard to sleepDinning staff was ok after you tip them.Food is under cooked most of the time,same food day in day outThis was my second time back.I have to say 7 years ago it was a 5 star today i would say 4 star at bestIt needs a face lift (paint , new chairs,new beds and better showers and bathrooms closer to the beach also a beach bar.Night shows the same as 7 years ago could be better.Most staff were friendly.Would not go back to the Riu Bambo,but love the beach  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JosieHart
<Content>Worst Experiance of my Life!!!       Dirty Bedding  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	-1	1	1	

<Author>cameosheeba
<Content>would go back to the bambu       the lobby  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beanerm
<Content>happy with the bambu We just returned from the riu bambu and were happy with italthough I would agree with other reviews that the rooms definitely do not deserve a 5* but were adaquate and clean.We did have a cockroach the first day but had them come and spray and never seen anything else. The pool,beach,bars and food were all excellent and we enjoyed all the alacartes.The workers were very friendly and went out of their way for us.We had a great week here and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bakes911
<Content>Loved the Bambu, Again! Just returned from a terrific week at the Riu Bambu. This is a return visit having stayed here March 2007. Our very positive and enjoyable experience that we had in 2007 caused us to want to re-book for April 2008. This time we travelled without the kids and brought along another couple in celebration of our 20th wedding anniversary. Having been there the previous year, I knew that we would enjoy ourselves, but thought that there would be some part of this visit that would be a little ho-hum. This never was the case. The entire trip, from beginning to end, was great! The accomodations were excellent, even with the flat pillows (I used two). Our room was spotless, even though we weren't in it that much. The food was tremendous especially the Rib-Eye steak at the a la carte Steak House. But, the best thing about this resort was the people. The staff at the Bambu never ever stopped trying to please their patrons. From Wilkin and Victor at the pool bar to Angela, Evelyn, Richard, Junior and the other anamacion team members to Marta our room cleaning person and to Andres the resort manager they have all contributed to us wanting to return next year. Bravo and thank you all!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miss_lilo
<Content>Paradise Island...Loved the Beach!!!       picture perfect  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>browndover
<Content>Just back- April 12-19- Loved it ! Just back from Riu Bambu. April 12-19- fantastic time!Our first time to Punta Cana and just loved it. Apple Vacations charter with Ryan Airlines out of Boston, direct to Punta Cana. A very relaxing week, we did no excursions.I must say, I don鈥檛 know where some of the complaints that I鈥檝e read about are coming from. They must be extremely picky and unhappy people. We could find no fault.FLIGHT: Flight was delayed an hour coming and going, which was annoying, but other than that, no complaints. Movie shown during the flight, had to purchase headphones for $5 unless you had the foresight to bring your own. They sold sandwiches for $5 each, also, complimentary beverages and some chips. AIRPORT: Departed plane on the tarmac, which was a treat, stepping out into balmy air. For some reason, they held us on the ground for awhile before allowing us to proceed into the terminal. We paid out arrival fee of $10 per person, found our baggage and apple rep fairly quickly, and were on our way to the Riu Bambu at 10:30 pm. The driver dropped us off first. RESORT/ROOM: Check it was quick, they assigned us Bldg 28, which was fine. I鈥檇 emailed requesting Bldg. 25, but as it was close enough, didn鈥檛 say anything, as they had the papers all made out in advance. We were quite happy with our room, a very short walk, and it was very clean and all you need. There was a crack in the wall up near the ceiling, but heard from someone who stayed at a better resort, that their wall had cracks too. Overall, it was very comfortable, the beds were firm, but we got used to them. We were very glad we鈥檇 brought our pillows, as suggested. I don鈥檛 know what the complaints were about regarding the bedding. I thought the sheets and bedspread were fine, and of a perfect weight for the air conditioning. . Bedspreads could do with updating to a pretty floral, perhaps, instead of the rather dull blue. The only other preference would have been for a bureau instead of the desk with 6 small drawers, but after hanging as much as we could, we had plenty of room. Bath towels were plentiful and nice and thick, as were the pool towels. LAYOUT OF RESORT: We absolutely loved the smallness and layout of the resort. It was such a short walk from room to lobby and on the the pools and beach. We explored all of the adjacent RIU鈥檚 as well as the Iberostar, and despite the grandness of some of the others, would prefer to return here because of the size. DINING: We never did get to try one of the ala cartes. One day the Steak house was available, but not till 9pm, so we decided to stick with the buffets, which were fine. Food was good- some nights great, and you could always find something you liked to eat. Breakfast was our favorite with omelettes to order and yummy croissants, pancakes and French toast were wonderful also. I was disappointed in the desserts. They looked beautiful, but all tasted the same, rather bland. We ate lunch at Mamajuanas after the first day. POOLS; The only thing I wish they鈥檇 had was a 鈥渜uiet pool鈥?for adults. The children鈥檚 pool was right next to the main pool, and the towel game was on in full force. But since we preferred quiet, we stayed under the palms on the beach. I was surprised at some women going topless around the children鈥檚 pool. I thought that was supposed to be reserved for the beach, but people just don鈥檛 care!BEACH: The beach was spectacular, and after walking the beach all the way to the beach markets, feel ours was the biggest and best, even over the larger hotels. Plenty of sun loungers available. We spent all our time there, a short walk to the bar.BARS: Bars were great- always cheerful and accommodating in whatever you wanted. SHOPPING; We walked up the beach vendors one day, and were a bit disappointed. After hearing from everyone, including our Apple rep to offer a third of what they quote, we found that they would not even take $5 for a tshirt- they quoted $10, which is what the gift shops in the resort were asking, so bought them there instead. I did get a set of Larimar necklace, earrings, bracelet for $25. He started out asking $65. Bought one of the small paintings at the resort with the Taino symbols on it for $10. STAFF: We found all the staff very friendly and helpful. Some didn鈥檛 speak any English at all, which wasn鈥檛 a problem until I was trying to ask the masseuse if she could shut the hut鈥檚 door for privacy. I finally gave up, figuring to just let it go- there was much more being exposed on the beach than what might be glimpsed of me getting the massage! Animation staff was wonderful- always something going on, but if you didn鈥檛 want to participate, they left you alone. DEPARTURE: Quickly went through checkin and security with no problems as mentioned on previous posts regarding luggage weight or going through bags. They didn鈥檛 even have us remove our shoes, and never looked in a thing. Again, they walked us out on the tarmac to board, holding us up at one point for a while again, for some unknown reason, and then boarding from both front and rear of plane. Immigration and Customs was effortless at Boston. OVERALL: We absolutely loved it and would consider coming back to this resort again. It鈥檚 not the grandest, but size trumps opulence for us, in this case!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Babyphatlover
<Content>Great vacation for the price Well we just came back yesterday April 20th 2008, This was our 9th time in the Dominican Republic. I guess you could say we REALLY like it there. We decided to try a new resort called RIU BAMBU. We had read the reviews about this resort, that is why we choose the RIU name. They claim it is a 5 star resort, but I really think it is more like a 4 star resort. 1.The staff was wonderful, always happy, singing, very friendly, willing to help in any way to make your stay fabulous.The only major disappointment was the fact the Sunquest rep was never around when needed in booking excursions. My husband and father in law were promised an appointment time with the rep to set up a golf outing at another resort, but he never showed up. We contacted the Sunquest home line, but got NO RESULTS. We had problems with Sunquest in the past and we were hoping they worked out their kinks I GUESS NOT.2. The food was good, plenty in the buffet, The Bambu only had 3 ala carte restaurants. We had eaten at the Steakhouse and the Italian and thought the foood was great and the service was even better. My husband and I are easy going people and understand the foreign country consept, NOT everyone does.3. The rooms are clean, plenty of hot water, a/c and the housekeepers are on top of everything, she left us a new towel swan animal everday.4. The rooms have their own liquor bar setup along with the usual daily stocked mini fridge. They are going GREEN so the usual plastic water bottles do not exist, your room has a gallon jug for drinking and teeth brushing. All the bars have dispensers with spring water and ice in plastic glasses.5. The resort has only 2 pools, one KIDDY pool and one large pool with a swim up bar. Our second disappointment was the fact the kids DID NOT use their pool, they came over to the swim up bar area and the hot tub area and proceeded to dive off the decorated rock formations into the adult pool. Where were the adults for these children!!!!. There was not any one in management to contact in regards to this matter.6. The beach area was nicely shaded with many palms and cabanas. The water was very rough compared to the Bavaro Beach area we are used to.7. We recommend this resort for the price!!!I can be contacted by my e-mail if you would like more info and pics, at bigem1530@yahoo.com Thanks Tina  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachbumangee
<Content>not thrilled I have stayed in all inclused resorts several times in the past and found this to the worst. I am not real picky but I was suprised at the lack in some areas on this resort. Positives first:- check in was fast and room was ready- beach was fantastic-drinks were okCould do better:-room service was just ok (and we tipped daily) fridge was not stocked daily, beds were made and floor cleaned but thats it no extras as in other hotels- staff was not real friendly-shows were boring and repeditiveNegitives-bathrooms were no where near the beach - have to admit stopping off at the pool ot pee was tempting-food sucked - I am used to forign food but usually it has taste and variety. the sides were the same every lunch and dinner - if I see those mashed potatoes they had at breakfast lunch and dinner again I would scream. Seems like they use the same sides and change the meats occationally but everything was either cold or had no flavor. again I have been to all inclusives before and this was the worst food ever. The reservation meal was a little better but not much. the buffet was always crowded and you had to wait in line all the time so if you food was warm it certainly didnt make it to the table that way. -rooms - none were beach view and most were a long walk to the beach.-no snack shack on the beach again a long walk to eat lunch-pool was ok but not if you are traveling with a little one. No shallow area for them to play in and kiddie pool if thats what they call it is way off in an area with no kids in it!! I have been to riu's before and was very disapointed with this one.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lin2008
<Content>Outstanding People should be queueing up to book a stay at this wonderful resort and hotel! It honestly is the best hotel I have been to. Stand on the beach and you will have an endless view of sand, sea and hundreds of palm trees stretching to both horizons. The staff at Riu Bambu are perfect, most speak at least 2 languages and many who speak up to four (English, Spanish, French  German) They are all very helpful and friendly and you will get to know many of them by name. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and entertainment is provided on a daily basis throughout the day, with beach/pool activities, sports, dancing, areobics and mini shows during the day. At night there is a show on stage, however, some of the shows can be a quite inappropriate for younger audiences. The bar staff are all very friendly and will even offer you drinks if they notice you're current drink is nearly finished (or even top you up without asking!) but again this is not an attempt to part you of your peso's (or $US) because drinks are complimentary as this is an All Inclusive hotel. Also, you are probably thinking that if its free drinks, then the range must be small. I can assure you it isn't. There are more than a dozen cocktails on offer, dozens of spirits, some more exotic (and worth a try) and of course home brands such as Smirnoff, Ballantines Whisky and others.The best thing about this resort is that because it is so large, you will not have to venture out unless you want to. Items such as food, souvenirs, beach apparell etc) can be purchased at reasonable prices on 'Carribean Street'. There are many restaurants which can be freely used by All Inclusive guests, even if they are part of another Riu Hotel (There are 4 Hotels in the Resort). To that ends, you can also use most of the facilities of all the other hotels, such as their pools, beach, restaurants, and go and watch their evening entertainment.Rooms are excellently equipped with satellite TV, complimentary mini bar containing Sprite, Pepsi, Water, Soda, Rum, Vodka, Brandy and Gin and is refilled every second day. You will be surprised to see the beautiful Towel Origami in your room and around the villas. Every effort is made to ensure your stay is perfect, the receptionist will even phone you to check the room is to your standards soon after you check in. We did not have any problems or complaints, but Im sure if you do, it will be dealt with efficiently and quickly.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lenchik25
<Content>The Worst Hotel Out Of All The Riu Resorts! ! ! ! I have been to Riu resorts 6 times and Riu Bambu was the worst hotel experience ever. I traveled with my parents and my boyfriend. When we arrived the front desk staff were not pleasant at all. There was no type of Friendly Professionalism, they just had us sign papers  give us our room keys without any kind of Politeness, courtesy or orientation.  The rooms were horrible. They had a rotten smell, the lamps were broken, shower had no pressure, bed sheets were dirty and had burn holes from cigarrets, and the room was next to a shop were they paint furniture which produced a horrible smell. We asked to change room and they said only the next day at 2:00. So the next day we lost half a day reminding them about giving us a new room and moving. The new rooms were a little better but still had a lot of problems. Balcony door was not properly set so in the room u would always find bugs. The bed sheets had stains and also had burned hols. The cleaning lady did a horrible job. We had to ask for extra towels cause she didnt give enough, the floors were hardly ever washed, and the room always had a horrible rotten smell.  Well the food was ridiculous; Very small veriety and tastes horrible and from all my stays in punta cana this time the food had me running to the bathroom all week. Their waiters are not pleasent and not polite. When they gave us surveys to fill out a review, one waiter actually stood behind my fathers back to see what he puts and then had the nerve to complain why we marked the service was bad. The tables are hard to find because the waiters take thier sweet time to clean them, and in the morning, you actually have to get up and ask them to bring you coffee. They are very careless and very slow. The pool was nice but was very dirty during the middle of the day because the pools boys dont bother cleaning it more than once a day. The bar in the pool is very nice and the bartenders are very sweet and make good drinks and give good service.  The entertaining team is very nice. They work hard and perform interesting and funny shows. They are a pleasure to be around. One night the hallway in front of our rooms had big spills of water on which my mom fell because she didnt notice it , and when i went to the front dest and notified them on that incident and asked them to notify someone to come and clean it up, no one did(  this was in a 3hr period). On the day befor our checkout, we were supposed to meet with our travel Rep From apple Vacations to confirm out transportation to the Airport, but He decided to take the day off  When I asked the front desk to call him, they wanted me to pay for the call because it was a cell phone number even thought it was a local dominican number (But I refused to pay). Apple Vacations is not the best agency. Well, in conclusion this was the very first time i was happy to leave a resort in punta cana. The hotel is not worth your money and research it more before booking your trip there. If anyone has any questions about this or any other riu resort fell free to contact me at llenchik@aol.com  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Nanceeee
<Content>the best, everything is wonderful       bar  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newfieisland
<Content>Staff are EXCELLENT ... Myself and ten of my girlfriends (age 34-45) stayed at the Riu Bambu from April 1-7, 2008 and we had a great time. Most of us are frequent travelers and have stayed at resorts from a 3 1/2 star to 5 stars. I would rate this property as 4 star.This property is spotless clean! All the staff are FABULOUS! The service at this property is impecable. Actually, the best service I have ever encountered and I have been to many other Carribean Island all-inclusives, cruises etc ...Most of the girls really enjoyed the food. Personally, I am quite picky so the food wasn't great for me. I mostly stuck to cereal, fruit and pasta. We did eat at the Taino and the food there seemed better for me. Given that said, I certainly ate my share at the Bambu and was far from starving.The al la carte restaurant, in my opinion, sucked! They are all held in the same buffet you eat lunch at and is not separate from the main eating area. I did not enjoy the food there and would not consider it an al la carte. Normally, al la cartes are separate restaurant will amazing food - this was not the case. I only ate there once and didn't go back.The rooms are fine. They are clean. None of us spend any time in the room and are only there to shower and sleep. Our room numbers were 3206-3210. They are very sound proof. Our hair dryer was broken, not a big deal, I went to another room. However, if I called they would have been there right away, but I didn't. Two of our rooms only had luke warm water so we called and it was fixed immediately! The fridge and bar was restocked every day and we left a note with exactly what we wanted and they brought it. We're not really picky people, all we want is a clean place to stay.As for the hard beds and terrible pillows, I would agree with that statement, however, it didn't bother any of us. Not a big deal, however, I could see how some people would be bothered by this when expecting a five star hotel.The swim up bar is GREAT! Victor is the BEST!!! My friend said, I love this place, they are calling out to us at the bar to get another drink and thanking us for coming. (LOL). This is true. There are lots of palm trees around and the pool and bar is shaded, however, it didn't bother us as we headed to the beach in the morning for the sun, sand and ocean and needed a little shade and drinks in the afternoon. When we wanted sun, we just swam to the sunny section of the pool (whereever it was at the time). The lobby bar is open 24 hours and they serve sandwiches and fruit there at night.Carribean Street, in my opinion, is too far to enjoy nightly. The Casino and disco are all over there. You have to walk down on the beach to get there and across the Palace resort. It's maybe 10-15 minute walk, but when your feet are swollen and you are consuming alcohol it's quite a hike. We only went there two nights and no-one wanted to go back because it was too far. The Naibo, Taino and Palace are very close to this night life. However, the bar closes at all these properties whereas it is 24 hours at the Bambu.Entertainment? The pool side games were GREAT! We really enjoyed them. The night time entertainment, well, we weren't really impressed with. It's not that the people weren't talented it was that it wasn't choreographed very well. One night they had what we termed a bad drag show. This is not the place to watch night time entertainment. Every 10-15 minutes all the staff break out and do the exact same dance to the exact same song. It's a bit boring.Shopping up the beach is pretty far as well. We found just as good of deals on the resort and to the Palace to the left of the Bambu.The bathrooms from the pool area are past the lobby bar into the main lobby. It's a little far and there should be a bathroom closer. As well, it would be nice to have a bathroom/bar on the beach.We paid $1400 tax included for this property traveling from Newfoundland, Canada. None of us are complainers and really enjoyed this property. However, it depends on what you go for. If you want nightlife and beach, I'd stay at the Taino as it's a close to mostly everything. The bar closes at 2 p.m. there. If you want cheap, Naibo is your resort, no swim up bar, and the main bar closes at midnight but it is right outside the disco. If you want 24 hour bar and great service, Bambu is the resort. If you want to be tended on in peace and quiet then go to the Palace to the left of the Bambu. It's an absolutely beautiful resort. It is more of a couple resort though and with quiet tranquility. Amazing amenities and perfect for a honeymoon.So, to sum it all up, yes, there could definately be some improvements, but if you go with have a negative attitude you will ruin your vacation. The good outweights the bad. And, ten of us ladies enjoyed ourselves very, very much. Given that said, I wouldn't pay ALOT of money for this property. Normally, five star resorts from Newfoundland are around $1700 plus, so we DEFINATELY got our money worth!If you have any quesitons and would like to contact me, my address is newfieislandgirl@hotmail.com.Enjoy :-)  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>stangchick333
<Content>Not a 5 star, but a 3 star My mother, father, and I booked our trip with Apple Vacations. We booked the 5 apple square deal. We were guaranteed to stay in a 5 apple or higher resort, but we wouldn't find out the resort until we arrived at the airport. A vacation for the most part is what you make of it. We had a good time, but we were dissapointed in the hotel. The water and the beach are absolutely gorgeous. The hotel is okay, but it is definitely not a 5 star hotel. I would say it is a 3 star hotel. If you go there with this in mind (and only pay a 3 star price) you will not be dissappointed. There is 3 restaurants. It is very difficult to make reservations for dinner and you must be there at 7:00 AM. The specialty restaraunt served the same menu all week. We ate at the steakhouse one night, the rest of the time we ate the buffet. The food was okay. Not the variety I am used to. There is no room service and there are times between meals where no food is available. Most other nearby resorts have beach bars where you can also get food, but this hotel does not. The frozen drinks are pre-made and if you want alcohol in them you must ask for it. They only have one brand of beer and no premium alcohol. The rooms are small and outdated. The shower is a converted bathtub. Each room does have a patio though. If you are from the US, you will need to get an adapter from the front desk to use your appliances (it would have been nice to know this). You also have to make reservations to use the watersports. Be prepared to be down there early. There are a couple of gift shops at the hotel. They are very pricey. A bag of chips is $5 and a candy bar is $3. There are some shops down the beach to the right. It takes about 30 minutes to walk down the beach to there. They have gifts and souveniers. Prices are just fair. They are not as willing to negotiate as other counties have been. There are no places nearby to go shopping at. Each room has a main power switch when you walk in your room. Be prepared that housekeeping turns this off every day when they clean. That means that the room is really hot when you return. The hotel staff seemed friendly and helpful. They may not be speedy but when we asked for water and soda to stock the fridge they gave it to us. Bring a large insulated cup. This way you can fill it up at the bar and take it to the beach. The hotel cups are about 8 oz. We also brought blow up rafts with us. They were fun to play in the waves with. BRING A WASHCLOTH, the hotel does not have any.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelcrazychick
<Content>Fantastic Hotel  Just returned form a fantastic holiday at the Riu Bambu in Bavaro, Punta Cana. The reviews on this site lately have been very mixed but here is my experience as a 1st timer in Dom Rep.I was dreading the 9hr flight from Manchester UK but we flew with Thomson fly and the whole experience was great. We were well looked after on the plane, given 2 good meals and the usual drinks etc but the best part to keep everyone entertained was the seatback tv sets on which you could watch films, comedy and drama programmes etc. I actually didn't have time to read my book or magazine!.On arrival at punta cana airport we got our luggage within 20 minutes and the transfer to the hotel was only 30 minutes. All very smooth which is what you need after a long flight.When we arrived at the Riu Bambu we just thought WOW! It was absolutely amazing. The check in process was quick, friendly and we were given a welcome cocktail before the porter took our luggage to the room.The room had 2 double beds and a single, a clean well equipped bathroom and we were more than happy. It also had a fully stocked fridge with water, pepsi, beer and other soft drinks as well as full optics. The whole grounds are full of palm trees and tropical flowers and are just 2 minutes grom the glorious beach.When we 1st saw the beach it felt as though we were in paradise. The sand was white and fine like talcum powder and the sea a gorgeous blue and so clean. The beach was spotless and there was never any fight for sunbeds no matter what the time of day. There was always a lovely breeze and shade under the coconut palms if you needed it. There were free pedaloes, canoes and small sailing catamarans on the beach too.The pool area was equally impressive. The swim up bar always very popular! Lots of activities for all ages going on if you want to join in. The whole staff worked so hard and were always eager to please.We always ate in the colonnial buffet restaurant as I had read on this site that the a la carte restaurants were not worth getting up early to book. Here we found the buffet excellent every day. Spotlessly clean and a fantastic variety of dishes to suit every taste. Those who have can find any fault with the food must be very very fussy! The waiters were excellent always keeping your drinks topped up and clearing away dirty plates etc. They always greeted you with a smile and a 'Ola' or 'Buenos Dias' This applied to all the hotel staff from the manager to the bar tenders to the cleaning staff.The drinks were mainly local alcohol but if you wanted smirnoff or gordons for gin etc you just had to ask. If you gave the barman a 1 dollar bill you would find another refill before you had finished your drink! We thought it was nice being able to walk along the beach and call at the other Riu hotels for a drink or a swim, however we did think our hotel was the nicest. Carribbean Street is just a 10 min walk along the beach and has some lovely little souvenir shops and a pizzeria overlooking the sea which you can again eat and drink in for free as part of your all inclusive deal.All in all the weather was superb and we couldn't fault the hotel apart from the fact that the evening entertainment was a little 'cheesy' but lots of families with younger children seemed to enjoy that. We also didn't spend anything except a few dollars on tipping the maids and the barmen.Would definitely recommend the Bambu and this beautiful resort and hope to return again soon.Anyone thinking of booking - don't hesitate just do it - you won't be disappointed, and if you want to contact me with any questions please do so.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roedo
<Content>Riu Bambu- Worth the money...not a 5 star...great time After reading many reviews about the Bambu over the last 2 months, I was very skeptical about going there. If you go with an open mind you will not be disappointed. By no means is it a 5 star hotel which Apple rates it. However, it is certainly a 3-4 star. For what we paid, we were not disappointed. Firstly, flying in on a Thurs was terrific. We were the only airplane in the beautiful, clean, safe airport. We immediately went through customs, got our luggage and were directed to our shuttle. Not more than 1/2 hour! The bumpy ride to the hotel was about 25min. Our driver did not speak English but knew where to take us so it wasn't a problem. Check-in took all of 5 min and we were brought a drink whiling waiting for our room. We also got there at 1p and check in wasn't until 3p so we went to lunch and by 1;30 were sitting on the beach and everything had been brought to our room. The lobby is open aired, very clean and with lots of staff available to help you. Most of the people at check in spoke english and if they didn't they got someone to interpret. We thought we would be disappointed in the rooms after all of the negative reviews. The rooms were decent size, we were 2 adults and 2 teenage daughters and managed fine. We had 2 full sized (maybe smaller) beds and then another full sized by the window. The bathroom was ok. My only complaint was that the shower was small and had a hand held nozzle. We got use to it. The sink leaked the first day onto the floor but we called and they fixed it immediately. Also came to take a look at the refrigerator. The front desk called a few times while we were there to make sure everything was ok. Never got that in any hotel before! Roomy balcony with 2 chairs and very clean. AC worked fine. Good water pressure in the shower and always hot. The beds were hard but certainly not like everyone had complained about and the sheets were fine. Thin blanket on the bed but why do you need more when you are in the tropics? We all slept great!! The beach was beautiful and very clean. Lots of palm trees for shade and plenty of chairs in the sun and under the trees. We always found chairs any time of day. My only real complaint was the pool. Way too much shade and pool in need of work. Paint chipping and stains on floor and sides. Needs to be refinished. Not much room around pool area, very tight. The other Riu's all had better pools, especially Naboa. (which we could use). The palace Macao and palace punta cana beautiful and now I know why they pay that much more. Many more restaurants, grounds more spread out and more classy. The Bambu is the place to hang out at night, alot more going on and lively. Although I much rather eat at the other hotels. The food...by day 5 I had had it with buffets and seeing the same food over and over just presented differently. They do try to keep it varied and always presented it beautifully. They need to satisfy many different cultures but I think American food the least. We always found plenty to eat. The ala carte restaurants are ok, it's nice to get served something once in awhile. Italian horrible, steak house probably the best, Carribean Grill decent. The smallest shrimp ever. I do wish they had some fish that I knew of.(salmon, shrimp,..) Tipping...I read so many reviews about tipping and to bring 100 in singles and gifts for the maids. I did bring gifts and money for the maids and thought I treated them very well. We always left 2-3 for breakfast and lunch and 5 for dinner. I think all week I only saw 2 people that had left a dollar or two. I was very surprised. The waiters work hard and long but I didn't see anyone go out of their way for us. The only night that you see them being really attentive is when they have the survey night. then they can't do enough for you and tell you to make sure you put down their name.  The dining room needs to have more tables cleared and available. It seems that once people leave they don't make up a new table and you have to look for a clean one. The system for reservations for the ala carte restaurants is crazy. You really do have to be on line at 6:40 to get a 7p reservation. If you get there when they open at 7 you are out of luck. I don't know why they don't open more tables at the restaurants. They only fill half which is around 8 tables for a few thousand people. The entertainment team is ok. They work hard and long hours. They are not professional but the shows are fun and entertaining. They have some very good dancers, George( I think), Machi-Machi- and the lead host (forget his name).  There is a market to the right of the hotel on the beach about a 10 min walk that is fun to go to. Scuba Caribe which run the water sports leaves something to be desired. One guy who gave my husband a catamaran lesson was very good but some of the others look at you like you have 2 heads when i wanted them to go in and get my 12 year daughter who had drifted far out in the ocean with her kayack. She was with my husband and his flipped over and couldn't get back in and she very quickly was going too far out and I could hardly see her. I had to yell and scream for them to go in and get her. It wasn't until I ran to another beach to get someone else to help did they go in. She was hysterical when she came in. Never again!! If anyone has any questions please email. I know this is long but i appreciated everyone else that had posted a review before I went. it really helped.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Superbee10
<Content>In a word - outstanding We booked our trip one week prior to flying and before looking at any reviews, and some of the comments made us a little jittery (hard beds, bad food and language etc [what do you expect, it's a foreign country!]). However I would have to say that our one week stay was exactly what we wanted it to be - pleasant, hassle-free and relaxing.Firstly the transfer, quick, air-conditioned and easy. Helpful staff on arrival.The hotel/resort. Yes, it is massive but it doesn't market itself as a boutique venue. It was clean (immaculately so) and the beds were fine for my wife and I (but each to their own).The food wasn't, as I overheard one guest saying 'gourmet', but it was varied, well presented and tasted great. One minor critique was that vegetarian dishes weren't highlighted (but I suppose you could always ask one of the staff, who ALL spoke far better English than I do Spanish!).So, all in all a fantastic week - oh, and the weather and 15 miles of pristine beach wasn't bad either.Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mynx
<Content>Loved it, cant wait to go back!       The view from the room  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>burnettejennifer
<Content>Please read before booking it was terrible, outdated for only being four years old. the staff was so rude unless you gave them a tip! The tubs/shower wERE so small. The food was good but it did not offer variety. They played the same music over and over again. There shows were good but redundant. Cleanliness was great. The beach and weather was just perfect. Don't expect to go into town. We paid $70.00 to be taken to a supermarket. they do not have markets to buy souvenirs. The hotel products are very expensive. Drinks were very water downed. Expect to walk far to your room.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	5	1	1	3	

<Author>FunVacationsBero
<Content>Great time for everyone! My family and I went to Riu Bambu for March break. We were there from March 7-14th. Our children are 10 and 14. We ALL had a great time.The resort is definitely not a 5 Star. The food in the main buffet was very good but don't bother with the a la cartes. Honestly our dinner at the a la carte was terrible. The room was small (a little cramped for a family of 4) and the beds weren't very comfortable. I think that a bigger room would have been nice. The most important parts of the resort were fantastic. The beach is absolutely amazing, white sand, natural palm trees all over and the most beautiful water!! We spent most of our days on the beach and then retired to the pool area in the late afternoon for the crazy festivities. Always lots of fun at the pool around 4:30pm.Make sure you walk to the market on the beach, lots of bartering and fun to be had. It is about a 20 minute walk from the Riu toward the Iberostar resort. We really enjoyed having all the Rius to go to. We spent time on Carribean Street and enjoyed the evening festivities there one night, it was kind of like a carnival atmosphere; parades, limbos, live music etc.The staff are fantastic, always upbeat and getting people involved in their fun! We did a 1/2 day excursion on the Carribean Festival, snorkeling with the sharks and stingrays in a controlled environment and then snorkeling at the reef. I would recommend this excursion, lots of fun. I guess the big question is always would we go back to this resort...I don't think so. I like a good nights sleep and we also enjoy the a la cartes, so I think we would try a different resort, but I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, Playa Arena!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>seattle_maslow
<Content>OK, but we wouldn't go back We truly wanted to love this place, come home and write a review that said don't believe all the complaints, those people are spoiled, misinformed, etc. Sadly, that is not the case. The beach at the Bambu is awe-inspiring in its size and quality, and nearly enough to mask the property's other sins. We knew going in that the beds would be hard and the food would be so-so, and that sounds acceptable when gazing at the sexy pictures on the web from your own living room, but midway through a week-long vacation, you really don't want to dread your meals and your mattress. Other lowlights:The fitness centers are pathetic. The equipment is old and rusted--not meant to be used essentially outdoorsStaff is a mixed bag--some are fun and engaging, others are indifferent (our minibar was restocked once in the whole week)We saw a giant cockroach on our wall and another on the dessert buffet. Yum. The specialty restaurants were worse than the main dining room, despite having to reserve a spot prior to 7 a.m.We paid $2100 for 7 nights for two adults, which is pretty reasonable, but by no means cheap. In retrospect, I wish we had spent the extra money for a better place. Perhaps no all-inclusive has good food, but we had better at the Riu Cancun and GR Solaris Cancun. Yes, you can have a perfectly acceptable vacation there, but if you're flying such a distance and spending a tidy sum, do you really want to leave with any regrets?  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>loobee76
<Content>What a beautiful location! After reading mixed reviews was a bit wary of this holiday - but if its complete relaxation in gorgeous surroundings you are after you have booked the right place!The hotel is not luxurious but rooms are comfortable and immaculately cleaned - as were the grounds - we had never seen such a spotless place. The food was plentiful and varied and of good quality but you are going to be very bored of it after a week but what do you expect in a hotel feeding so many people each day?? You will never be hungry and there will be plenty of choice for even the most basic eaters.All inclusive drinks were great and they have gordons, smirnoff etc all you have to do is ask! There were plenty of sunloungers available but be warned - the poolside gets busy and loungers are all reserved before breakfast! - we found the beach far better for space and the option of sun or shade and only 50yards to the poolside bar!!Beach was beautiful - no parasols all shaded by palm trees with the most gorgeous breeze - just paradise!!Entertainment was high energy but some far better than others - the same people were working from 9am till midnight and never stopped smiling - you could not fault their enthusiasm!Overall fantastic holiday and we were very sorry to come home only disappoining thing was witnessing several very rude people treating the lovely staff like second class citizens. These people graft for their money and are the nicest, politest and friendliest people so if you cannot be polite please dont speak at all!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vikia1
<Content>worth vacation Food was fair. Breakfasts and Lunches, OK. Dinners (especially the specialty restaurants) were terrible. I was sick after this food.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishAnnie55
<Content>Definitely NOT a 5 Star Hotel (maybe a 3) I met a girlfriend, who was coming in from another country, at the RIU Bambu last week. When I arrived, reception had no record of our reservation. The reception staff was very nice, but a bit clueless. After a 30 minute wait, I was, recluctantly, given a room. It was a good thing that I had copied my Expedia confirmation and brought it with me!The rooms at the Bambu are in need of a major overhaul. They are very clean, but the curtains and bedding need to be replaced and everything needs a good painting. I knew that the beds and pillows would be very hard so there was no surprise there. The housekeeping staff were very good and quite accomodating when I asked for blankets for the beds. We never failed to have a 'towel display' each afternoon on our coffee table.The really good news is the beach is as fabulous as predicted! It is very long and unusually wide too. Never failed to find beach chairs.The bad news is that it's a very long walk to get a cocktail or any refreshments. There is no 'beach bar' per se. You need to go to the pool bar (the closest) for anything to drink. For lunch, you need to go to Mama Juanna's up one of the access walks from the beach.After staying at a RIU (not a Palace either) in Jamaica in February, at which we paid almost $500 less, this RIU was a disappointment for the money spent.My friend likes to SCUBA and she was amazed at the prices to dive! She is a very experienced diver and couldn't believe how much SCUBA Caribe was charging for their dives as they were much higher than anywhere she had previously been. She caved and went anyway. Said it was just 'okay' and definitely not worth the cost.Don't get me wrong, all-in-all, we had a great time after getting over the disappointment of the room itself. But, would I recommend it, probably not. I'd suggest the RIU Palace or the RIU Palace Macau on either side of the RIU Bambu.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kpm1031
<Content>Perfecr Weather....Great Time!!!!!!!       On the Beach  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gary_Chelle
<Content>Pleasant Stay Stayed here with a male friend during March of 2007, as he won the holiday and I had never stayed in an All Inclusive resort before. I found it a real eye-opener. The food was varied, pleasant enough for those who don't mind trying new things, but for those who don't there is a fairly broad selection of plain favourites. I was also very surprised that they had Heinz tomato ketchup available!!The rooms were great, although the balconies were on top of each other, so the sun was only on them for a few hours a day, which was fine because the pool area was better for sunbathing. I am a sun worshiper, so I found that there was rather too much shade for my liking and if I didn't get the spot I wanted, I found myself having to continually drag my lounger further to avoid it! Not a problem though, I'm not really one to complain. Having said that, the towels were as hard as sheets of sandpaper and seemed to attract water and stay sopping wet!! :o( I would recommend bringing your own.The beds, as someone else has mentioned, were hard also, but I didn't mind and they say that they're two singles pushed together, but in the UK, singles are a damn sight smaller, so I wasn't complaining... plenty of room to roll over... and away from someone - haha!The drinks were all bottom shelf and I gathered that even when you asked for better quality brands (Smirnoff etc), it was still the lower brands. The beer was nice though, although the fridges in the rooms needed frequent refreshing and most of the time you had to grab someone to do it., which wasn't too much of a problem.Trips: Well, there were a few of the normal variety that you would expect from a Carribean holiday, but we didn't go on them due to the price. I was perfectly happy to stay in the hotel and I have to say that as far as the local area is concerned, don't even go there! I was very shocked at how poor it looks and dangerous. Stay in the hotel complex. It's miles from anywhere though, so that's not really a problem.The beach is beautiful! Good for a nice long walk, very relaxing and serene!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>OntarioJay
<Content>Riu Bambu more than I ever imagined Just got back from Punta Cana's Riu Bambu and I must say we really had a blast. The food was amazing and the beach and hot sun was wonderful. Thought when booking we thought we would try a new resort like Colony Bay but was unsure because it was fairly new. We decided to go with the Riu chain hotels and the Bambu was in our price range. The place is very clean and well landscaped with workers daily maintaining the property. Food was amazing, the daily buffets had everything you could imagine. The water in the resort (icecubes and resteraunts and large bottled waters) were safe to drink. Just stay away from tap waters. Alchol was free all inclusive and the service from the bartenders was unreal. I honestly did not wait any more than 30 seconds for a drink. They were great. Palm trees and a swim up bar was great also. We spent much time at the beach. It was busy but very relaxing to say the least. We found the beds a bit hard but after a few days of fresh air, you get use to them quite quickly. Take some lip protection with you we are just getting over major sun blisters on our bottom lips. You need to apply it constantly it is hot there. Also take at least a 50 sunscreen. Take lots of battteris for your camera you will nedd them it is a very beautiful place and you don't want to buy them in the gift shop. WE tried to stay away from it, very expensive for chips and choclate bars ect. Take a alarm clock(one from the dollar store) I would have been lost without it. Also ask at front desk for an adapter for charging batteries or ipod. The 110 volt plugs cover plate sticks out making anything that is flat impossible to charge.Found the gift shop workers abit rude at times also. Stay away from the vendors selling stuff in the hotel. They are way over priced. I saw a hat in a store in between the Bambu and the Palace for $8 US. One night a vndor was asking $20 US. When I walked away he dropped his price to $10. Still to much. After awhile it gets to you because the prices are so different you get frustrated and just don't bother. The pricing for the jewelry is nuts, buy from the store between the Bambu and the Palace. Service in the main resteraunt is excellent. I highly recommend this resort. I found ther are alot of people in their 50's there that like to relax. My wife and I took my teenage daughter and never once did she say she was bored. That says alot for the Riu Bambu. I will definatly return again. Remember to take a floatable such as a noodle or something inflatable you will use it in the ocean or pool.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CelticMutt
<Content>Uneven, but inexpensive       Beach Looking South  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sabrams13
<Content>Great vacation! Had a great week Feb 16-23 at the Riu Bambu. Last year we stayed at the Riu Taino - part of the same compex - but decided to try the Bambu this year and preferred it to Taino. Beautiful grounds, adequate accommodations, superbly friendly staff. It paid to find a section in the dining room (non-smoking for us) to return to each day and get to know the waiters and waitresses who would greet you warmly like old friends. Food was wonderful. Loved the breakfasts at the buffet restaurant. We usually grabbed some delicious pizza or something else at the Mamajuana outdoor cafe for lunch. The specialty restaurants were nice to try for something a bit different if you are staying for a whole week but the method for reservations was a major pain in the butt. The reservation line formed outside of the dining room before 6:30 am. I arrived at 6:45 and was lucky to get a 9pm reservation. There has to be a better method for those of us who don't want to get up at the crack of dawn on vacation. The tennis courts are in need of repair and upkeep. They have some black mold which was slippery and dangerous. The beach is breathtakingly beautiful with plenty of chairs available and enough shade with the abundance of palm trees. The pool was lovely but we opted for the beach every day. The Riu should have replaced their beach towels last year when they were worn and old and they were worse this year. If you get stuck in the rain and your towel gets wet, you are out of luck if you want a dry one for later on in the day - they won't replace it! I think that's a crummy policy for a beach resort. The bars were well staffed and you never had to wait for a drink. I loved being told, 'Salud as i was handed my drink. Tipping is not expected but certainly appreciated for housekeeping, waiters, bartenders. If you have a birthday or a celebration just let the dining room staff know in the morning and you will not only get a cake but the table will be adorned with those beautiful red flowers that decorate the towels throughout the complex. It was a great vacation at a lovely resort for a wonderful price. We will definitely return but I did write to management with some of my concerns so I can only hope that things may be better!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>aljanNewmarket
<Content>Heads up Bubbas We just got back on March 9th from one of the bestti vacaons in the last 16 years travelling in the carib. The buffett food was great, hot, fresh, plentiful, variety; only people complaining were those whose idea of fine dining was grits and collard greens. We didn't book a suite and didn't get one and didn't expect one, they were clean, cool and well maintained, loved the water pressure compared to our Canadian hi tech mater mizers. I hate the carpers who go to see someplace different and then only bitch because it is different and is not like Disneyland or a Hilton which they couldn't afford,(Neither is the Price)This is truly great value for money, staff were super, love if you try to speak spanish, my wife stumbles through many words but they all encouraged her and she loved the reception. Never have to wait for anything, tables in the buffet were always set and available, bartenders everywhere and they put on a show with their kibitzing back and forth. We have been to some good some bad but never wanted to go back to them based on so many islands so little time but Riu Bambu is on our venue for next year.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MapleLeafwonderer
<Content>definately recommended...great resort There are many reviews on this site, here is my two cents...Resort has a great layout and very relaxing. Public washrooms near reception are immaculate, it is rare to walk in without seeing someone in there cleaning it. Resort adds nice touch of towel decorations, e.g swans in washrooms and entrance to bungalows etc., which are designed differently every day. Food inconsistent, sometimes excellent or average, overall it was good and no complaints. Buffet restaurant very good. Caribe restaurant the best of the a' la cartes, this restaurant is actually located at the Palace Macau. Beach is exceptional, nice and wide with lots of palm trees providing shade if needed and very clean. Beach chairs are plentiful, never had a problem getting a couple at anytime of day. There is no beach bar so I recommend you take bubba kegs or similar large cups with you, it will save you visiting the bar every half hour with the tiny plastic cups they provide! Beach market about a 15 minute walk to the right when you hit the beach. Boardwalk between the 5 Riu properties adds a nice touch. Nice to have the exchange privilages with Riu Naiboa and Riu Taino, however, definately prefered the Bambu!! Pizzaria (Riu Naiboa, Caribbean street) has a small upper eating area with a nice view of beach, definately recommend eating here as pizza is great (as it is throughout the resorts), freshly made dough with fresh toppings, if you are a pizza pizza' lover you may not appreciate this pizza). Great resort if you want to relax or be active. Pool area fairly busy, not so easy to find available loungers, lots of trees/palapas providing shade. We found the pool area to be quieter after 3pm. Patio area by main bar was a nice quiet area to enjoy a relaxing drink. Evening enterainment average, nothing outstanding. Rooms do have a musty smell but to be honest you only notice this the first time you enter. Rooms could do with being renovated but are very adequate. Shower room available with towels for late depatures as room check out is 12 noon. Nice breeze day and night which helped keep you cool, and was appreciated by my husband when he had to wear long pants for the a'la carte restaurants! Be weary of the sun as it is very instense. Very mixed clientele which was nice as you were not overwhelmed with one nationality!If you need somethng a couple of bucks for a tip does wonders, my husband and I never lined up to make dinner reservations we made a friend, tipped him generously and everything was taken care of for us. Overall very happy and would not hesitate to recommend this resort. Would also return to this resort in the future.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alyssabuzz
<Content>Love It! My family and I have travelled to the Riu Bambu twice (once in August of 2001 and again in March of 2007). We love the Riu Bambu. It is an amazing place to stay. For all of you out there who are worrying about all the negative comments, IGNORE THEM! The Riu Bambu is amazing, just like any other Riu hotel because the chain is fantastic. My mom and I are actually travelling to Riu Vallarta next week which is in Puerto Vallarta. We have been to many Riu's, such as this one, Riu Palace in Cabo San Lucas, as well as Riu Cancun (the name says it all).Food, ENTERTAINMENT (#1), Beach, Service..its all amazing!If you want good entertainment, go to the Riu Bambu in Domenican and NO WHERE ELSE! EVeryone else from the Palaces would be at the Bambu at night getting the best entertainment!Overall, the RIu Bambu is amazing and we were going to return this year but we are going to try something new! However, most likely next march break I will be returning with a group of friends!Enjoy your stay everyone!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>KelleyHill
<Content>Another Great Vacation in Punta Cana! A group of 6 of us in our early 30's stayed at the Bambu the last week of February. Two years ago we stayed at the Taino and we liked the Riu properties enough to go back and try the Bambu this time. These properties are comfortable and clean and if you are going on vacation to have a great time and not nit pick then you will have fun. I tend to go on vacations and look at everything as my glass is half full, not half empty.Positives--Punta Cana is beautiful, the beaches are wonderful and the Dominican people are so friendly.-The rooms are adequate sized and comfortable. -There is a large selection of drinks, both alcoholic and non alcoholic. -The nightclub La Pacha is a fun stop. Go there from 11-12 one night and stay for a few songs. We got to hear a few of our favorite dance songs and then we went back to the resort. We didn't have to pay a cover.-The food is good, doesn't make you ill, but it gets pretty repetive by the end of the week. We were pretty adventerous and found our staples for the week. You don't go to a third world country to lavish in wonderful food.-While we don't have children, it seems like the anamacion team takes great care of the kids and they have activities planned all day. -There is a great beach path to the other Riu's. We watched karaoke at the Taino one night and stopped in bars at the Naiboa. The caribbean street at the Riu is fun for window shopping too.-There are no longer set dinner times and no longer do the men have to wear long pants and closed toe shoes. Negatives--People that budge in line. We got a bit annoyed by this, but found ways to laugh about it.-One day we lost all hot water for about 9 hours due to a pipe breaking, but it was fixed by the evening so we could take hot showers before dinner.Advice--Bring Bubba Kegs or something like it, they keep the sand out of your drinks at the beach and can be used as a good bartering tool at the beach shops. -The Jellyfish restaurant is a short cab ride away and beautiful. The food is a bit spendy for what you get, but the place looks like it came straight out of a travel magazine and the cosmopolitans are great. I asked the front desk to make reservations for us and they did.-Tip the workers, we really saw few people tipping and although you book an all inclusive vacation, these people work so hard for not much money. They don't expect the tips, but really appreciate them.-When you get off your airplane grab a few presidente beers before boarding your bus to the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MarleyBoston
<Content>Great place for the money       sun rise  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>RUFUSBARK
<Content>Had A Great Time We just returned after a fab week in the Domincan and we stayed at the Riu Bambu. We went as a family of four, two kids, ages 15 and 19. The staff were friendly, helpful and fun. The hotel was very accommodating, clean and offered lots of activities.There was a wide variety of food to choose from and was offered all day. My only complaint, they had Diet Pepsi and not Diet Coke. Do to medical conditions, diet pop was a necessity but we are not sure if it was always received in the all inclusive drinks. Sometimes I think we received regular Pepsi as opposed to Diet. After tipping the bartender and explaining the issue, everything from that point forward was Diet.We chose to book as many excursions from the resort as we could so we could learn the history and the culture. Sunquest was on site and helped book all of this. The tours they offered were well organized, worth the extra dollars and the tour guides were excellent. Most spoke over 5 languages and they were very informative. We did book another trip through someone else and could really notice the difference. The staff were not as friendly nor knowledgable and the sites we visited were not as clean from garbage and graffitti. The beds were OK, nothing special. The pillows need replacing. Very hard and thin, not what we are used to.The maids did a wonderful job for the first three nights, but after that we found that they did not provide their best effort. NOthing was disgusting or dirty, but nothing was special either. We tipped them well the first couple of nights, but after our service deteriorated, so did our tipping.The entertainment team was great. Lots to do, very friendly, very accommodating, just lots of fun. There was a different show offered every night that included audience participation and was so much fun. Had a good time:)  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BigFishDaddy
<Content>Very Disappointing I recently had the displeasure of being with 32 other coworkers on a working vacation at the Rio.Several issues advertised by the resort are misrepresented.The food is ok, if you like over cooked, deep fried everything.The in room liquor dispensers are stocked with something rot gut  and not really drinkable, We booked a fishing charter through the resort  big rip off We were told that there would be no more than 5 on the boat, remember this is a charter, not a party boat, when we fineally got to the boat, due to transportation we were over an hour late, there were 9 people on the boat. This is an extreme case of over booking.......We did not have any kind of safety breifing and I seriously doubt there were enough life preservers for that number of people, as none were visable, nor were we told of where any were. The mate set out 6 rods and we putted out for and hour and a half, turned around and run back, there was no communication between the mate, and the  watchers.Comming back the bait was pulled up into the prop wash ,so there was no possibility of catching any fish, the charter ( ? ) was conducted in a very unprofessional manner. The over booking was done intentionally, it cost $800 for a two hour boat ride. The resort workers ( common people ) were very friendly and fun to be around, the supervisory staff seemed to be pretty much confused most of the time .All in all, different but not something I would care to do again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Princessa12
<Content>Loved the riu Bambu We loved the Riu....The reviews are funny..people obviously have not travelled to third world countries alot!!! The staff was very friendly.....check in to the guys that paint the Henna tattoo!! This was a very easy resort to stay at....food was excellant,lots of choices at the buffets. Our kids had no problem finding good things to eat. Especially the homemade donuts at breakfast. The only unfriendly people were the Europeans who smoke nonstop!!! The room was kept very clean yes it is small but who cares. If you want a suite don't stay there. The shows were fine...great dancers!!! Did not go to the disco not our scene we are there for the beach which was perfect..water perfect. Yes lots of people but never any problem getting chairs for 4. No bugs...a few ghekos. Lots of shade for the wimpy....Great adventures booked thru the travel agents....did the atv trip and it was fantistic!!!!! Highly recommend it. My kids loved it our 15 year old drove her own atv and had a blast. Got to see the countryside and out of the resort. If you want to be at a childfree resort do not go to Riu Bambu.....lots of kids. Drinks were ok we liked the beer better. No beach service for food or drink. be awae that there are locals trying to sell stuff all the time at the beach and on any excursion off the property.. Take cash as the atms do not like to give $$$$. Enjoy we will go back again!!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul_Myers
<Content>Riu Bambu Hotel (February 9 to February 23, 2008) My wife and I travel to a Riu hotel every year. We have stayed at Riu hotels in Mexico (Cancun, Mayan Riviera, Puerto Vallarta (2), Cabo San Lucas), Jamaica (Ocho Rios, Negril) and Punta Cana. Our first Riu hotel was the Riu Bambu about 8 years ago and we liked the beach and palm trees so much we decided to return.The weather was very good while we were there. It must have been around 90 degrees most days. We got rain on 2 mornings which lasted about an hour but it was sunny by 11:00 AM. It also rained on 3 nights (once during the night and twice around 9:00 PM which we solved by staying at the bar).I will rank the positives and negatives of the Riu Bambu versus some of the other Riu hotels we have stayed at.POSITIVES:1) One of the better beaches for sand and lots of palm trees2) We didn't have to wear a wrist band. Only the people at the palaces had to wear a wrist band. We were able to spend time at the Riu Tiano and Riu Naiboa at any time for drinks and eating.3) Entertainment was very good here although the Riu hotels need to change it up because we have seen most of these shows at other hotels. If you like to dance, this is the place to go. The entertainment staff have dance lessons at 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM every day (salsa, merengue and buchata). My wife was dancing at most of the classes. The Bambu is the most active of all of the 5 Riu hotels in Punta Cana. We saw many wrist bands from the 'palace people' at our patio bar at night as well as the dance classes and afternoon pool activities. We actually did an 'egg toss' on the beach one afternoon. The enterainment staff refer to the 2 palace hotels as cemetaries because they are so much quieter. 4) The hotel consists of 2 storey units with 6 units on each floor which may force you to walk a bit more but the grounds are very nicely kept up and it is enjoyable to walk around.5) Price. For the money, I don't think you can find a Riu where the prices are as good (except for Puerta Plata, but the beach won't be as nice)6) International flavor. There is a nice mixture of tourists here that you will not see anywhere else (Germany, France, Argentina, Hungary, Italy, Spain, Russia, USA and Canadians). This makes it alot a fun at night and around the pool area when they run the entertainment.7) Bar Service. They always had at least 6-7 bartenders at the bar each night. You didn't have to wait at all for a drink.NEGATIVES:1) Riu Bambu is an older Riu and the pool is nothing compared to the pools in the newer hotels (especially when compared to the new palace next door)2) I noticed that some of the food stations were not as efficient as other Riu hotels. I would go to get friut (melon or water melon) and there wasn't any there. I would go back later and it would be restocked. I noticed this at the beach restaurant for hamburgers and pizza.Deciding on which Riu to go to?If you are debating on which Riu to go to in Punta Cana, this might help. If you like a nice quiet vacation, go one of the Palaces. If you like to go to the specialty restaurants, go to the new palace, it has 5. If you like to be active, the Bambu is best choice. If you are under 30, the Tiano is the best choice and we found the Naiboa to be really quiet for the entertainment at night.Excursions:We have done most tours over the course of our travels so we decided to do the Altos de Chavon trip. We left at 7:20 AM and got back around 6:20 PM. The caves were really cool to see. We also went to a cigar shop and had lunch on a boat where Rambo was filmed. Altos de Chavon was a small village that was nice to walk around. I wouldn't rated this a my favorite excursion but the guide on the bus was great and we got to see some of the country side and the city of Hiquey.OTHER Travel tips:1) Always secure your table first when eating at the buffet. We saw lots of people walking around with a full plate of food, looking for a place to sit.2) Learn some Spanish, bring a book. We know enough Spanish to ask for things like utensils, a table and directions.3) Bring lots of $1 bills for tipping. These people work really hard and don't make alot of money. I was giving tips to our waiters so we had no problem getting a table at night and getting prompt service.4) Be prepared for your room to have 2 double beds.Overall, the trip was very good until we got to the Punta Cana airport on the way back. I can only describe it as 'utter chaos'. There was people everywhere lined up for all destinations on the Saturday night. The security for baggage check was almost none existant. The security person wasn't even looking at the monitor when our bags went through.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sixseveneight
<Content>You Get What You Pay For But...... O.K. so here it goes. I stayed at the Bambu with my family. We had a rather large party and I found the staff extremely helpful in tending to all of our needs. The rooms were small but always well kept. The mini bar is restocked every other day. The one complaint from all of us was the food selection...not much but what they did have was just okay. I found that tipping a little bit went a long way with the help. Bring plenty of singles. Keeping in mind that you get what you pay for, I found the place pretty nice. I wasn't bothered by any local peddlers and I found a no thanks worked pretty well. We found some of the guests to be rude and not care for Americans but hey we all can't be perfect. I don't know about 5 star but if you like the beach in an excellent setting and you surround yourself with good friends and family you'll have a blast...I did.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>micto
<Content>Excellent food and drink at the Riu Bambu - Flew from Toronto direct to Punta Cana. Check in was organized and uneventful; right away I knew that we were in for a wonderful stay. Staff was friendly and helpful and made each of us feel special. The website photos truly don't do the resort justice. It was much nicer than it looks online.- Enjoyed COLD beer, quality drinks, all the time, at any bar we visited.- Food in the buffet was delicious; lots of selection, and hot foods were HOT, including the tea and coffee. Good pizza, chicken was great, pasta was too. Not too many a la carte restaurants at the Bambu, but nonetheless, the selection was good and hey, if it didn't meet our expections, we could always re-visit the buffet!- Rooms were as you'd expect; clean, functional, well-stocked, nice little balcony, English TV stations...what more could you ask for? Who wants to spend much time in their room anyways!- Went on a snorkeling excursion, swam with stingrays and sharks. It was an adventure...the catamaran was a blast...lots of entertainment and fun in the sun! Also took a motor boat for dinner to Captain Cook's....all you can eat seafood. It was fun, but certainly not fancy! Some of us got soaked on the way there, but we all took it in stride and considered it another Dominican adventure. Booked the reservation through Manini(?), a guy who approached us at the beach. He had a binder and photos of the restaurant etc. and we were able to speak to others who had eaten there. We booked a few days in advance for a group of 12. Be careful 'cause although it was legit, he asked for a deposit of $10 per person and we suspect he pocketed the $$$, because the restaurant owner seemed confused when we deducted the $120 from the bill. We were also asked to pre-pay as we were getting ready to board the motor boat, but we told the guy that we weren't willing to do that, since we hadn't even eaten yet! We were able to shop in a little village before we sat down to eat, but we made sure we left before dark (via taxi, not motor boat!) Transportation was pre-arranged as part of our deal with Manini. We heard he got fired the next day hmmmm.... - Didn't watch the nightly entertainment, but it was well attended, so I guess it was good.- We were able to walk the beach to the other resorts, but we liked ours so much that we didn't really bother hanging around the other places. - Beach was beautiful...the best sand, the best colours anywhere. Truly paradise. But wow were there lots of people on the beach; looked like Fort Lauderdale! But we never ever had any problems getting beach chairs no matter what time of the day it was.- Swim up bar was fun. Lots of activities available. What I really liked was that there was shade available, so you didn't end up being over-exposed to the sun even if you wanted to over indulge at the pool bar!- All in all, I would definitely recommend the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>contactmso
<Content>Beautiful Beaches and a great Apple Vacation! The beaches were beautiful. The hotel overall was wonderful but the food was not so good. We had great excursions. The Outback Safari was the best. Dinner outside the hotel at the Jelly Fish was the best food on the island. Fishing was a fun time, we were the only boat that morning that caught them. If you get the chance to visit the school do it. It was one of the best experiences of the trip. We are plannin to go back another time. All of the Apple Vacations guides were wonderful. They showed you a good time where ever you went. They take care of everything for you. We will use Apple Vacations anytime we can in the future. This was our first time using them and they were great.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaskatchewanGypsy
<Content>OK Place I just got back from this resort. Stayed for 2 weeks in February. Overall the resort was very nice. It was clean and pretty. The rooms were clean and we found the food to be good, better than other places that we have stayed.Would we go back? No. We found that it had 3 downfalls that were important to us. 1. The pool was to shaded. There was no way that you could find a place with sun for the whole day. The trees that they had around the pool were beautiful, but to much shade. Though we did spend most of our time at the beach, sometimes it's nice just to have a pool day. 2. Again the pool. It was just way to small. Out of the 5 Riu hotels, it had the smallest pool. Though to us it seemed as if everyone wanted to be at the Bambu. There were always people the wrist bands from the Palaces at the pool bar. (Even in the evenings if you walked through the other resorts they would be quiet. As soon as you got to the Bambu it was loud and noisy.) Which we didn't have a problem with, but if everyone wants to hang at the Bambu, they should have a much bigger pool.3. The washrooms. There were only 2 public washrooms, and they were a good hike from the beach or the pool. It would have been nice if they would have had washrooms at the pool bar, then it would have still been close to the beach. It's not that we are lazy and mind walking, but when you start drinking, you have to wonder how many people are getting out of the pool.All in all we were happy there for our 2 weeks, but if we go back to Punta Cana, and think I would do a little more research and stay someplace that met our needs alittle more. The Bambu was actually our 3rd choice, but because of other circumstances we could not get into our first 2 choices.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Parsley9
<Content>A very nice resort for the price Just back from the RIU Bambu. First off, I must say tripadvisor.com was very helpful for the planning and deciding of our final destination and other travelers opinions were great to read.So, where do I begin......our room was basic, nothing fancy, but it was cleaned very well daily and our fridge was freshly stocked with water, 7up, pepsi and beer throughout our stay. Some previous reviews spoke of thin walls and the ability to hear your neighbors real easily, but this was rarely the case. Now, most mornings people were out and about between 7-8am, so you would hear doors slam and people walking past the room and sound carried in the hallways. No big deal, why sleep in when the beach/pool are waiting!As for the food, my wife and I played it safe and didn't gamble on stuff we normally wouldn't eat. We ended up doing morning breakfast buffets daily (which resulted in eating little if anything for lunches other than a snack). For dinner of our six nights, we did the buffet 3 times and did a la carte 3 times.The breakfast buffet had a huge variety of items, we loved the pastries and especially the homemade donuts (made right on the spot). The pancakes and french toast were also good (and made on the spot as well).Lunches like I said, consisted of a quick snack at one of two possible lunch locations.As for dinner, the buffet nights were fine, nothing special or elaborate, but definetely something for everyone. As for the overall quality of the buffet food..........well its buffet food, so I don't know how high a standard should be applied to it. It was fine overall.....nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either.As for the overall cleanliness of the restraunts we did not once see any rodents or bugs crawling around, it was quite surprising given the fact that they were all open-air restraunts.As for our 3 a la carte nights, we did the Caribe Grille twice (twice because we really liked it) and the Steakhouse once (ok overall, but more than anything, a break from the buffet routine). The Caribe Grille was very nice and the food quality was the best of anything we had at the resort. This restaurant is actually bordering the RIU BAMBU and RIU Macao. One important thing to know....if you want to reserve a table for any of the 3 a la carte restaurants, plan to be up at 6:30am and be waiting on a line around 7am to reserve your spot! They are usually booked by 8am, and the Caribe Grille is usually booked within 15-30 minutes!The bars to get drinks were adequate, one at the pool and one closer to the lobby. There was an evening bar near the entertainment stage as well. It would have been nice to have a bar right on the beach, but no big deal, just a bit of a walk.A couple of %'s I'll throw around from previous reviews.I'm an American and as the reviews earlier stated, we were theminority there....I'd say about 10% at most. It didn't bother us at all, we pretty much keep to ourselves anyway and other than overhearing a few anti-American comments by guests from other countries, we weren't looked down upon or degraded by anyone.As for the number of topless females, I'd also put it at about 10% at most. Not a big deal at all.The beach was beautiful with plenty of space and chairs to lounge in.One nuisance for those spending the day on the beach, were the lack of bathrooms, you pretty much have to walk back to the lobby of the resort. Which is twice the hike of getting to the bar. Other than that, not much to complain about. I don't think its worth getting caught up in this 5-star vs. 4-star hype. Resort price (not stars) tell the story and for more money you can stay at a more upscale RIU resort. I think overall, for the price we payed for 6 nights, we were rewarded with a great stay.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>galina1994
<Content>Never again ! We were staying in Riu Bambu from February 10 to February 17. Our agent charged us for 5* hotel but it supposed to be rated as 3-3.5* maximum. This hotel is for budget people-everything is very simple-small rooms, the same food all the time, beach towels are very old with allots of spots on it. I would never stay there agan.Chicago, USA  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>ryan0603
<Content>Don't Go No way is this a 5 star hotel. When you have to rip into a shampoo package and sleep on a hard bed with brutal pillows I don't consider that 5 star. The pool was small and very shaded. The food was tasteless. I would consider this a 3 star hotel. The beaches are beautiful. The staff were very nice but no way will I go back. The riu palace was down the beach and that was only $200 more for a 5+ hotel. Now that hotel was amazing! Please.. anyone who is reading this. Spend the extra money if you really want to go to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>TonyTifosi
<Content>Worst place I've ever been too Firstly let me start off by saying that Punta Cana is a beautiful place. The beaches are awesome and very possibly the best I've ever seen. The weather is fantastic and the local folk are nice and very genuine. It's a safe place to visit.  Now the terrible part. I had the displeasure of staying at the RIU Bambu. It's rated as a 5 star but truthfully a 3 star would be a stretch.  I'll start with accomodations. While it may seem standard what you'll find is the way they are constrcuted is that they built them with the idea to preserve as many palm trees as possible. I have no problem with that , in fact I'm very impressed. However common sense would dictate that allowing trees to grow through evestroughs and portions of some balconys would prove to be a problem. They were!. When the wind blows (as it often does) they bang up against the buildings. This process causes a battering ram noise to be heard. Consistantly throughout the night. Thus sleeping is a challenge. The food is terrible on good days and horrendous on the average day. I hope you like deep fried everything. My wife had the pleasure to view rats scurrying across the Mama Juana restaurant floor and one of our firends had the pleasure to witness cockroaches in abundance near the food being served in that restaurant. I personally did not witness this but I can assure you both my wife and my firend did not eat very much for days. They advertise 24 hour snack service. Thats a complete and utter lie! There is no such thing! Not a big deal. But dont falsely advertise it either. The serving staff were not pleaseant and bus and waiters were very scarce. So cuttlery and dirty table clothes were very common.  The rest of the staff were very confused most of the time a clear indication of very poor managment. In fact I found two of the managers to be very incompatent. Utterly useless and annoying would be a good summary. There is one bright spot though. The entertainment crew were fantastic. Every single one of them were fantastic at their job, politie, geniune and very friendly. I wish them all them best in their future endevaours.  Needless to say I wont be going back and nor will Iikely ever go any other RIU resort anywhere else in the world.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>aburg1964
<Content>Fun Resort!!!!       great gal!!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachloverWhitby
<Content>Enjoyed the hotel, maybe not a full 5 strar A simple quick review: The beach, grounds, food  service were wonderful  beautiful! We travelled with three young children (all under 10) and they also enjoyed everything. We never stayed at the pool side (although it was very pretty), we were always at the beach. We did dip our foot in the pool a few times  it was cold- really cold! (Lucky for us, the ocean was warm). On a few occasions the kids did take advantage of the organized activities for the children (water polo, basketball  soccer) - lots of fun. We did have a couple of complaints: 1) the hotel room are sub-standard- dated  small (compared to the Bahia Principe's rooms which are super). Also, we had two rooms as there were 5 of us travellilng. Our travel agent had requested adjoing rooms, only when we got there we were informed that the hotel doesn't have any adjoining rooms . A bit of a pain when you're travelling with younger children. The one room smelled horrible, it stunk of septic/sewer - really gross. We all ended up sleeping in the one room (they had an extra bed in there which was good)  we stored our suitcases in the stinky room. The smell never really let up. We were pretty much stuck there as the hotel was over-booked. That room also had some ants in it. However, the room we slept in, aside from being small  dated was at least clean. The mattress  pillows were uncomfortable, but as I said the room itself was clean.While the flight was nice  smooth there  back,  the crew was friendly  efficient, we will not fly with Skyservice again. They cram you into the smallest space you can imagine. Honestly, the seats in front of you feel like they are about 10 inchs from your face! There is no leg room  there is a hump in the seat area near the back that is so uncomforable for sitting on. One man remarked there was more room in the washroom! My husband said he was willing to crawl up to the overhead! It really was a bad experience. Perhaps if your flight was 30 mins. you could cope, but 3 1/2 - 4 hrs. - never again.I would rate this hotel as a 4 or 4plus, but it's pushing it to call it a 5 star.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Shell_Doe_2004
<Content>okay but not a 4 star Stayed at the Riu Bambu Feb 3-10. Very clean resort, nice pool, beautiful beach.Service not so great. If you arrive for buffett as soon as it's open the service is great, however, midway through they seem more focused on clearing the tables than serving. We had trouble finding tables set up and had to go in search of silverware. At breakfast had to ask for coffee sometimes twice before getting it. Rooms are acceptable but a bit dingy. Food is fine but nothing to rave about. Overall the hotel is fine, but I think it's more a 3 star than a 4 star which is what the brochure rated it at.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WinnipegDoctor
<Content>very cozy ,comfortable, classy resort !!! go there !       last day  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JAGZAncaster
<Content>Amazing Time At The Bambu!!!       Beach  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JennyAjaxON
<Content>Amazing vacation My girlfriend and I just returned from The Riu Bambu and had an excellent vacation. the food was absolutely amazing and they had so much variety at the main buffet restaurant that we didn't even bother going to the other restuarants. the riu bambu was big spacious and beautiful. the pools were awesome. the service was great and friendly staff. the animation team was by far the best animation team i've ever met. full of energy and life.the caribbean street was awesome and they have a party with all the riu's in the week.awesome vacation. you'll love it. i recommend it. also i say to go for longer than 1 week as the fun is all day long and night.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bullybabes
<Content>Destination Wedding ,, Just Wonderful ! ! ! !       boat ridewedding day  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	2	4	2	

<Author>familytrip10
<Content>Great service, fun resort My husband  i stayed at the Bambu from Jan. 20 - 27. Overall the resort is lovely. Clean rooms, a bit small, great service. Awesome beach, warm water, white sand. Nice boardwalk along the beach for walkingThe animation team was lively and fun, always there to entertain and get everyone having a good time. The food was not the greatest but it is the Dominican afterall. Red and white wine was served in plastic jugs at dinner.There were only 3 restaurants and reservations had to be made at 7:00 a.m. The Steakhouse and Italian restaurant food was terrible to say the least. One nice Restaurant on the Beach tried their best but generally the food was bad. I think they only have 1 kind of fish there - Grouper. We have felt a little off since we got back.Those staying here were not allowed to try the restaurants at other Riu resorts for dinner, only breakfast  lunch (which really was the same buffet so why bother?)Lots of beach chairs available, but clean beach towels were scarce. They kept running out of them and said we were only allowed 1 each per day.No bar near the beach. Ample bars everywhere else.The pools were great. Always activities around the swim-up bar and a quieter pool available if you wanted.Evening entertainment was pretty good, but monotonous. Great family atmosphere at this resort.Great snorkeling right along the reef at the Beach (about 5 minutes from Bambu) Overall, we would recommend this resort for it's cleanliness, great service and fun atmosphere.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hannah88
<Content>Good value for money - very relaxing We booked this hol through Tomson and couldnt fault their service. We stayed for 2 weeks (arrived back 1/2/8) at the Riu Bambu and had a very relaxing time. Here are some of our comments:Beach - lovely white sandy and natural beach, clear sea and the tractor is on the beach early to clear any seeweed that has been washed up. No snorkelling from this beach and would need to take a trip out. Plenty of sunbeds available and plenty of palm trees which offer natural shade.Hotel -Location - set back from the beach and protected from the wind whn it is windy. Set amongst palm trees and spread out nicely.Rooms - would only give the rooms 3 star. However, we didnt spend much time in the room and therefore was perfectly adequate. Had 2 small double beds which were pushed together and therefore would have preferred one bed, rather than sleeping in 2 seperate ones. This is standard for every room i am told. Bed linen is poor, bed sheets did not fit the size of the beds and no mattress protector. Hot water though, mini bar, TV and good size room. Rooms fairly quiet too. Rooms decor a bit dated. Rooms were well cleaned.Food - couldnt fault the food and neither of us got ill in the 2 weeks. Plenty of variety, beautiful fresh fruit and smoothies, lovely salads, i ate the fresh prawns and mussells, fillet of fish etc. Plenty of pasta, pizza, chips, vegetables, meats, burgers cheeses, rice. We didnt get bored. 3 Al a carte restaurantes and we tried all 2. Caribe was lovely and a bit different being in a different location, steak house was tasty, italian - give it a miss - not worth it. Plenty for everyone and as with all all inclusives, use your judgement.Drinks - plenty of drinks, beer was a bit watered down which was a shame but soon got used to it and then couldnt tell! Lots of cocktails. If you want posh wine you wont find it here but the local bottle was fine. Lots of cocktails.Entertainment - these staff worked amazingly hard and their energy is inspiring. We didnt get bored in the 2 weeks and plenty of interactive night entertainment for those who are brave enough! (Can sit back and watch though which we did). We dont have kids but could see that they were kept active in the day and could get involved in a nightly show if they wanted to. During the day, staff put on different activities at the beach and the pool if you want to get involved.Staff - in general we couldnt fault the staff. They were effiecient, happy and looked like they enjoy their job. We tipped sporadically.Pool - 2 pools and plenty of sunbeds which offer a lot of shade from palm trees. Swim up bar. Other activities - We did a snorkel trip to Dive Site 10, was worth going for the 31 US we paid, for at least to see the coastline. Snorkelling was ok, about 5m depth. Coral poor and not a lot of fish but made a change.We learnt to use the catamaran which was good fun and was easy to book.We played tennis once and the court was easy to bookWe both did an introductory dive, i have done my PADI before but my partner hadnt. I would say its a great place to learn if you are nervous as the depths are between 6 and 12m. The coral and fish are ok but again it was worth doing. The intructors are very good.We both did a parasail which was expensive but worth it.Overall, we would give this hotel a 4 star, with 5 star for effort. The manager was seen around on a regular basis and im sure if we needed to, we could find her very easily. If you want a relaxing time, good value for money and fantastic food, we could recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tilou27
<Content>Riu Bambu is not a five star hotel. Great beach, awful food and service. I went to other five star hotel and the Riu Bambu is definitely not a five stars hotel, it鈥檚 3.5 or 4 star at the most.Beach: The beach is beautiful, clean, palm trees, white sand and turquoise water....that's the best part, although there鈥檚 no bar on the beach, we had to walk up to bar at the pools.Room: The room was clean but really old and needed refurbishing. We did not have any hot water 5 of the 7 days we were there and the AC was working at the maximum or not at all.Service: It was difficult to communicate with waiters and room service since they were only speaking Spanish. We often asked for something and received something else (like we asked for milk and received a spoon). At the buffet we had to wait a long time before someone could clean the table from the previous guest. We often had to get up to get utensil, napkin, water or wine.Food: The selection and quality of food was poor is mostly oriented for European people. Most of the guests were from Germany or Argentina. The disco is a good ten or fifteen minute walk from the resort and drinks are not included there.I'll just say this was the last time we stayed at a RIU resort  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Scrappers
<Content>Beautiful Beach, dated hotel The beach is very clean and beautiful. The check in very slow, English was a problem. Only 2 pools, 1 small and the swim up bar pool wasn't big either and also used as activity pool. The buffet had a good selection. The a la cartes were not great. In the Italian we expected Italian dishes but fish,pork and steak were on the menu. We were with a group of 10, it was 50-50 as to liking the meal. The Grill smelt like creotine, not to pleasant when eating. The food was bad, we stopped at the buffet after.The rooms are dated. The maids did a great job. Clean and lots of towels. If things get broken they are patched rather then being replaced. The Riu manager spoke to us several times, concerned that people are enjoying themselves. The buffet staff really went out of their way to do their best for us. The bar staff were good as well. We did tip and they seemed very appreciative. Fresh flowers were placed on our dinner table several evenings as well as beautiful folded napkins+flowers on our last night. We did the scooby do side trip which really isn't worth it from the scuba caribe. Boogey boards were lent out to us by the staff as well as the manager. The waves were great. The girls in the jewellery store were very nice as well. The entertainment is poor as in most hotels in the Dominican. It is a great place to go if it's your first time to the Dominican. A good flavour. We have been to the Domincan 7 times so we are spoiled. The shuttle to and from the airport was quick, 3 stops in total.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>liketravelling777
<Content>Riu Bambu leaves a lot to be desired After the excitement of booking this trip, the actual visit was a letdown.Rooms 鈥?upon arrival we had small spider/aphid like bugs in our room and asked to have it sprayed. This was done right away and worked for a few days, but needed to be re-sprayed and there were always a few around. Beds very firm, pillows very thin and hard. Bathroom water pressure fine, but rust around tub. Food 鈥?Well, the hot food was hot, the cold food was cold. Not much variety from day to day. Yes a few dishes were different every day, but was very repetitious. Having said that, you could always find something to eat. A la Cartes 鈥?the Caribe Grill is fantastic, but you have to be in the lobby to line up to book by about 6:50 a.m. Steakhouse 鈥?so so.Bars/seating areas - very crowded, not enough room for everyone. On a popular show night, we sat at the table by 6:30 p.m., then ate our meals in shifts so we could save our spot. Otherwise by showtime there was absolutely no place to sit.Front desk staff 鈥?Friendly, English not a problem while I was there. On one occasion we needed to call our Sunquest Rep and asked to use the desk phone. We were asked to pay for the $2.00 connection fee. When this came up while talking with our Sunquest Rep, we shouldn鈥檛 have had to pay. The clerk was probably pocketing the money. Our Rep arranged a gift from the hotel for the inconvenienceAnimation team 鈥?AMAZING!! They work so hard and are happy all the time. Very friendly and mingle with the guests all day.Beach 鈥?WOW!! Not one rock in site, however water very rough. Out of 14 days 9 were red flag, 4 were yellow, and 1 was green. Had to be at the beach by 9:30 to get a lounge chair. Is it a 5 star? Not a chance. Would I go back? To the Dominican 鈥?yes in a heartbeat. To the Riu Bambu 鈥?no. As a matter of fact I was so disappointed, I will not go to another Riu in any country.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Jen&MikeStrathroy
<Content>I want..I want to go back to Riu!!! First of all, don't judge the hotel or Punta Cana from the negative reviews!! I travelled with 5 other friends and we had a blast. The rooms were comfortable (yes the beds are hard). The staff was wonderful, they do anything for you! Don't forget to tip them, not only are they friendly, they work very long hours. They work 11 days in a row then get 3 days off! There was a variety of travellers there, couples, families, friends, etc. We met lots of people during our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bishyEastleigh
<Content>Fantstic - a very special place. If you have booked here and are reading up on it now - don't worry.It really depends who you are, as to whether you will appreciate the charms of this place.What is most special is the atmosphere and the amazingly hard working, genuine staff. The people are warm, the hotel is fun yet relaxing, and everything is designed to help you forget about everything else.I cannot believe anyone would criticise the food. It is superb - and I am fussy. The buffet is probably best of all, different every night, beautifully presented and delicious.The rooms are fine - spotless and comfortable. Not huge, but 3 of us together were more than happy.What takes this place to another level is the animation staff. They work all hours, produce brilliant shows, teach amazing classes and are simply wonderful. Any one of them would have a place in the west end. Talent in abundance....Thomson rep was worse than useless, but everything else was as fantastic as it was possible to be.I didn't know that there were places like this.Usually after day 10 I am itchy to get home. Not this time. My family of mum and dad, children 16, 12 and 2 were properly sad to leave.We will be back.We never saw anyone not smiling. However, reading the reviews, it does seem that Europeans prefer this style of holiday. Some American people seem not to. No judgements there but everyone is different and look for different thingsDefinitely....Do the dance classes and workoutsGo to the Carnival on Thursday eve (7.30 onwards)See the Afrika show - breathtakingDon't bother with the steak house - but if you do - choose the rump!Make friends with the team especially: Kuchi, Little Alex, Capuccino, Wasa Wasa, Richard, Daisy. These are truly amazing people, hilarious and wonderful.p.s. the Palace hotels may look a bit grander - but were locally referred to as the 'cemetaries'. Their guests descended on the Bambu for the shows and entertainment every day.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmq62
<Content>Great beach, awful food, bedding, service First, if you book through Riu, don't expect anyone to actually pick you up at the airport as promised, expect a HUGE hassle scheduling your ride back, and just take a taxi. The provided transport takes forever in a crowded hot van, you'll likely get carsick and it;s not worth the free ride.The beach is beautiful, clean, palm trees, white sand and turquoise water....that's the best part....although a bit crowded.The food is AWFUL. Eat a big breakfast, because lunch and dinner are not good (no decent lettuce at the salad bar, fishy fish, boney chicken and overcooked grizzly meat). To get into the steak or italian restaurants, you better be up by 7:30, by 8am you'll only get a 9pm reservation, and after 8:30 they are booked. The steak restaurant is the best option, the italian is horrible.The service in the dining room is pretty good, the maids are great....the front desk is useless.The bedding is also awful, scratchy sheets and only a light, cheap bedspread....no blankets, flat pillows and hard matresses. The room is very clean and okay, but a 3 star.The tennis courts are a joke, holes in the surface an nets.All in all, a cheap vacation with a beautiful beach where you get what you pay for. You have use of the other RIU hotels only for breakfast and lunch (no bar or dinner) but the food is the same everywhere in the compound (and there's no place off site to go for food).  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	4	1	2	2	

<Author>yzernut_19
<Content>Stop complaining! You get what you pay for! Our trip was booked through Apple. Their airline is crappy. Small cramped airplanes and also didn't have room for our luggage.On to the hotel! Gorgeous! The staff goes out of their way to help you. There's always something to eat at the buffets. The breakfast buffet may have been the same daily, but lunch and dinner always had different items. There was also usually burgers and fries, etc for both meals, so even if you're picky as can be you can find something. Yes there's no food after 11pm.... but the places are open all day except between 11pm and 7am. Eat DINNER and you won't be hungry!!! The pools are a bit chilly..... but if you hop in and swim across the pool you warm up fast. The beach is amazing. I had two issues with the resort. One: By 3pm there were no more towels for the day. Two: There were tiny little bugs here and there on the counter in the bathroom.You're in a third world country. The resort isn't going to be perfect. The bathrooms smell musty because of the water- I smelled it in my hair when I got home! The entertainment is great too! They were probably my favorite part. If I go back to Punta Cana, I'll def. stay at this resort! Loved it! ANY questions- feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>icdbko32
<Content>The Good and The Bad       beach  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Susipups
<Content>Suepups  We went with 3 of our kids in November 2006. The Bambu is one of 4 Riu Hotels along a fabulous beach. in Punta Cana. Arrival in airport awsome. nice welcome with a photo taken  when you leave you can buy it if you want to. Hotel is great! we had a suite for us  the daughter,  the boys had a separate room. spotlessly clean  a mini bar in room with vodka/rum/gin  whisky, fridge filled daily with water  mixers brilliant! several resturaunts, all good food really nice, couple of pools, 1 with swim up pool bar where we socialised daily, its cleaned at night so it may look a bit murky, but crystal clear in morning  lovely  warm. staff were friendly  accommodating, entertainment team were outstanding, the kids loved it there!we went on 2 excursions, the Monster truck trip was really good fun, plied with rum  coke on the adventure  BBQ  Buffet at lunch was ok, then swim in the river! Voodoo man was bit strange but again, good fun. you throw stuff out of the truck for all the kids along the way, so we took pens/pencils/toiletries  sweets. The Saona Trip was out of this worl, it's a must do! our tour guide (clementae) was a real Eddie Murphy, really funny  lnformative  looked just like him! you start out going to the Artists Village, then down 300 odd steps (no good for people with disabilities) then onto a flat bottom paddle boat which takes you down river to the speed boats, then across to Saona Island with a stop in the middle of the Caribbean where you all jump out onto a sandbank  eat tropical fruit  drink Rum  coke in the middle of the sea Fantastic!! once on Saona Island, you drink rum from a coconut, have a bbq and do some snorkeling (never been to such a lovely beach!) then back on a huge Catamaran with more Rum  Coke, all in all, an experience not to be missed! Check the dates of your holiday, because we were there when one weekend it was a national holiday,  all the dominicans descended on the hotel  took over the place. Seems to be a resort where Canadians, Brits  Spanish go, we met some really nice people there! Now for the down side.. Security is not very good, although there are guards on the gates, we had our room safe drilled  they wiped us out, stole everything of value. even stole some of Dave's clothes, Don't rely on the Police sorting it out, it won't happen. but talking to other guests, seems we were the only unlucky ones  it happened when we were out on the Monster Truck Trip, so they knew we were out for the day.. draw your own conclusions! but even though it put a damper on our holiday, it wouldn't stop us going back to the same hotel again, we would just be a bit more careful and take nothing of real value. Be aware, flip flops go missing from around the pool! so just keep an eye on your stuff. Be careful when you are leaving, at the airport they will try to mis-weigh your luggage  charge you excess baggage, they re-weighed our cases when we refused to pay  it was actually 5 kilo's under weight!! The Rep at the airport was not happy with them!. Summary... Please go it's fab! great value for money  you'll have a fantastic Holiday, Just remember it is a third world country, so take care.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cat_eyes33
<Content>People stop complaining, great hotel ! I kept reading the reviews, after I booked and I was almost fustrated that I booked, until I actually got there. The hotel is beautiful, the beach spectacular, the rooms simple but for the amount of time you spend in them who cares. The animation team was the best, they work so hard. The food was different they can't cater to everyone, I ate like a pig for 7 days, The mini club for the kids is great also, the come around the resort and pickup the kids at 10:00am till 12:00 and played games with the kids, then again at 3:00 till 5:00, at 8:00pm every night they did a mini disco with the kids all dancing on stage, afterwards they gave out certificates to the kids that won the daily activities. The kids could run around the resort without worring. The staff was wonderful and fun ,the animation team had activities all day they walked around yelling, volleyball, darts, bingo etc...... and you could win rum,shirts, caps. So for all those planning a vacation there I say book you will have fun, look at the good of the hotel it outbeats the bad..........And for the ones complaining please book at the Riu Palace it's luxurious for the people never satisfied.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mkb607
<Content>5 Square Apple Deal       Franklin (right) great waiter  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foxjm
<Content>Apple Honeymoon Trip Sucks My now husband and I booked our trip thru apple vacations called a 5 apple square deal. We have gone out of country together 8 times. We have even done the 4 apple square deal before, but this one takes the cake. The whole experience for our honeymoon was horrible. The rooms were ok size, but we didn't have fitted sheets and every time you rolled over, the sheets came off. The bed, which was to twins pushed together to make a king were hard as a rock. I was tempted to sleep out on the balcony chairs. We could hear everything going on outside our room, the kids screaming, the maids yelling to each other every moring at 8am. mold and ants in the room, it was very unsanitary. We had to move rooms when we first got there our honeymoon suite was next to the tennis court and smelled like a sewer. The fan and airconditioning didn't work. When we moved the next rooms air conditioner would't shut off. As far as the toplessness, big deal we are in another country and you dont want tan lines guys. The spedo is just a horrible idea, but good for a laugh. We met really nice Canadian people and some European people. There were kids all over the place, and mind you they are cute, but I like a little quiet time. We found out after we got back that the week we were there and the week after was kids stay free. Dont get me wrong parents need vacations also, but why would Apple stick us on our honeymoon with kids free weekend is beond me. We wont be using them again. The pools were ok, but freezing. We saw staff pouring in buckets of ice at night, no wonder it never warmed up. The food was ok, but very repetitive and labels were wrong. The staff, I thought were very nice. I speak no spanish, but they tried to figure out what I was saying. They do need to learn mixed drinks a little better. Also they change the kegs around 1pm, so the beer is best then. They also say it is a 24 hour resort, not so because you can get no food after 10pm. I would not recommend this place unless you are to drunk to look at the rooms or have a family going with you. PS. Your neighbors can hear you when you pee in the bathroom and have sex. I heard our neighbors every morning on both counts, at least they had some good times. I would rate this a 3* hotel. Our apple 4* was a good 4*. I would't stay here if you paid me.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ROYALGATEWAY
<Content>Do Not Go Here! My family and I have been to Punta Cana at least twenty times, and we have never stayed at a resort as terrible as this one. I don't know who would call this resort a 5 star hotel; Riu Bambu is anything but. We stayed at Riu Bambu for 11 days, from December 28 2007 through January 7 2008. The rooms were tiny and absolutely plain; there were no ocean or pool views. Apple Vacations, along with Riu Bambu information online and otherwise, advertises that they are an all-inclusive, 24-hour service resort. This is not true; this resort may be a 24-hour paradise for alcoholics because the bars are always open, but good luck trying to find a bite to eat after 11pm, and there are also times during the day where all restaurants are closed. The food in the restaurants is equivalent to that of a 2-star hotel. Even on New Years eve, there was nothing special in the restaurants or otherwise. There are two small pools in the resort, and they are very deep. There is no spa in this resort. I have never heard of any 5-star resort that doesnt have a spa, and only has one buffet restaurant and one other restaurant on the beach. The disco is a good ten or fifteen minute walk from the resort, and drinks are not included there. Also, you have to pay for food at the bar outside of the disco. There were also piles upon piles of cockaroaches crawling around the lobby and bar areas. The only good thing about this resort is the entertainment team; which was excellent. The shows were pretty good. If you are planning on booking a vacation in Punta Cana DO NOT go to this hotel. Go to another REAL 5-star hotel in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>Chilly25
<Content>Nice Reasonably Priced Hotel Arrived at the hotel Christmas day for our first visit to the Caribbean booked through Thomsons. We were checked in whilst being served a cocktail, lovely and totally unexpected! The pool bar is excellent really nice to swim up and have a relaxing drink. The hotel is located on a large Riu complex with three other hotels the Riu Bambo is rated by Thomson a 4+ but two must have been a 5+. You could walk around the other complexes and use some of the facilities. There is a main buffet and two further pre-bookable restaurants (steak house and italian) all were lovely. Pleasent staff, clean and comfortable rooms. Located on a beautiful stretch of beach. We did see a couple getting married at the hotel and it looked lovely. The entertainment was not great but there was plenty going on in all the hotels. A great trip to do is the Marinarium where you can get to swim with Sharks (vegetarian ones apparently) and Stingrays (who have had their stings removed). It is very scary but a great experience no-one back home will believe you so take an underwater camera!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pennie_pencil
<Content>4*....more like 2/3* We stayed at the Riu Bambu from 31st Dec to 7th Jan 2008. The hotel rates itself as a 5*, thomson rate it as a 4*, I would say 3* max, the rooms 2*. The rooms need a good make over.The food wasn;t labelled up correctly, so if your fussy you don;t know what you can and can;t eat! The staff could speak hardly any english, which is strange as most people there seemed to be american.We had to change rooms due to the smell of sewerage.We also had to get the shower head changed due to it not working. We had to have a technican out to the TV aswell as the reception terrible, but they didnt fix it.I wouldn;t go there again, I wouldn;' pay that much for it.The did however think the entertainment team were fantastic, always had something going on to keep people busy and entertained  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>foxxie02
<Content>5 Star, More like 3 Star!! Booked through apple and would like to shoot them. MY experiences at these type of resorts are usually good. My wife and I are easy to please, just decent room and beach with food and drink and were good. But this cant be a 5 star, mold in rooms, tiny compared to others, no fitted sheets, thin blankets like scratchy wool and no ocean view and barely any pool view rooms. We compared the rooms at the taino and naiboa and they are the same, small block with bare essentials. I have stayed in punta cana and resorts like the Palladium are a true 5 star. The reason they call this a 5 star is the people staying here are giving this place better reviews than it deserves. Stay somewhere else and compare, or stay here and stay ignorant.... Next time I am booking direct with another resort rated by funjet or other travel booker. Apple Vacations you lost our twice yearly business, enough said.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	5	-1	

<Author>KarenTorontoToronto
<Content>We had a great time! We just got back from the Riu Bambu and I have to say that we had a great time. we were travelling with 2 young children and this resort was the perfect place for our family.The Room: Nothing fancy but clean and tidy. we asked for an extra bed for our 2 year old son. I was expecting a small cot but they gave us an extra double bed. Lots of room. There was a small stocked fridge and bottled water. LOTS of clean fluffy towels.The staff: Beyond friendly!! Everyone was was great. I heard some other travellers say that the staff were only good if you tipped...we did not find this. The staff seemed to be working very hard to make sure we were having a good time. I am sure they really appreciated tips....but it was not an uncomfortable situation.The Pools: Beautiful. The largest one had small waterfalls in the jacuzzi....fun for the kids. Swim up bar was great. The smaller pool was less busy. Kids' Mini Club: There was a small playground with a toddler pool. This area had lots of sand toys and games for the little ones. Lots of palm trees for shade.The Beach: Beautiful. Lots of chairs and lots of palm trees. You could easily sit in full sun or shade. Soft clean sand. Small waves...fun for jumping in.Activities: We did not leave the resort, but there were many excursions available. we visited the other riu hotels and they also looked great. One night there was street party. Lots of dancing, music etc. The activities at the Bambu seemed to run about every 30 minutes. The staff would ask people to join in but they were not pushy. There were kids' shows every night as well as adult shows a little later.The Food: We ate at the two buffet restaurants. we did not try the a la carte restaurants because our kids are very picky. The was lots of food available throughout the day. The food was good. Lots of choices.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ydm161
<Content>Butlins in Bavarro If you are looking for a good hotel then this one is not for you. We had originally booked the Grand Palladium Resort and Spa and were advised 5 days before our flight on 27/12/07 that this was not available. We were allocated the Riu Bambu, and advised by Thomsons agent and call centre that this hotel gets a lot of revisits. I cannot imagine anyone being happy with this hotel, as all clients we spoke to were not happy. The rooms are small, old and in need of refurbishment. Tiles cracked, holes and cracks in walls, mattresses stained, ensuite tatty. The hotel is called a Club Hotel, but no one advised us of what this meant. It is very lively, and lots of noise. There is no service at tables in bars or restaurant, it is all self service. The drinks stations where you helped yourself were not clean, and plastic glasses were washed and and drained wet on the surface beside machines. Not at all hygenic. Four out of the six of us suffered with upset stomachs, and we beleive this is due to cleanliness of these stations. Food - not great, we had to chose carefully and watch what we ate, very repetative. We only ate the evening meal about 4 nights out of 14, as it was so overbooked, that it was difficult to get a table. We did not use the a la carte, as the feedback from other hotel clients did not come back good. Six people we met paid to upgrade and use the Rui Palace next door, and they were charged $50 each per day, which we felt was too much extra to pay, since this holiday was not in our opinion a cheap one. The animacion team are on the go all day and night, but their noise and games are over the top. At 4 pm they clear the pool of children and play adult games, which are what can only be described as 18-30 style and crude. We did not go there to have a grandchildren watch women rubbing themselves up agains the men - ie lap dancing and pole dancing. (We found this offensive).This is not a 4T (or 5* as the Dominicans have graded) it is no higher than a 3*.The chemist on the site is unbelievable expensive. Whilst away we needed to buy some antibiotics, and cough linctus, and were charged 拢25 for each medicine. For 5 tablets of antibiotics and a bottle of cough lincuts we felt that the Riu group were taking advantage of the holiday makets. The only saving grace for this hotel is the beach and location is great.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	3	

<Author>girlsvac
<Content>Excellent/Fun/Safe       Anamacion  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pggurl
<Content>Great Resort       shipwreck  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lady_Jay13
<Content>Great Beach, Bad servuce Previously I have stayed at the RIU Palace Riviera Maya in Mexico, which was amazing and only rated at half a star higher than the Bambu... so this hotel was a huge let down. Starting with when we arrived...Upon arrival it seemed as though there had been a staff mutiny, as there was no management to be found, or anyone to help us for that matter. The staff only spoke Spanish to us and it seemed as though many had invited their local friends into the resort to drink for free for the night... it was just slightly un-nerving. Not to mention, since we were two young women travelling alone, the male staff would not leave us alone even for a second. We were constantly being harassed by them, and not only by cat-calls but they were always touching us as well. One night when we were planning on going to the RIU disco/nightclub we were warned by another female patron that it wasn't a wise idea unless we had a guy to accompany us. Because she had gone the night before and said that about 80% of the crowd was RIU staff, and they had grabbed her and forced her to dance with them... and wouldn't let her go when she tried to get away. I don't know... but ummm... that sounds like sexual harassment to me. Secondly, the rooms were not great. The beds were tiny and rock hard, with tiny lumpy pillows which caused my back injury to flare up. The sheets were also very rough and seemed about 50 years old. The bar was not stocked regularly unless we called to complain. The shower was cramped and dark and the toilet ran aaaallll night. Also, sleep was hard to come by as the hallways in the Riu were all tiled, so any noise outside the room was magnified and echoed. Not to mention that we were woken up at 8AM every morning by the maids yelling in Spanish and banging their brooms in the hallway. The food was also bad, it was exactly the same stuff everyday, really boring and pretty tasteless. On Mexico Night the food was a bit more interesting, but otherwise it was lacking. Although the omelettes in the morning were good. The only redeeming factor to this place was the beautiful beach... although the staff harassed us there as well. But the beach was great because there was tonnes of space, we never felt crowded and there were lots of palm trees, so shade was always an option. There was also lots of room to play paddle ball on the beach. And I would recommend using their badminton courts as well. We were also able to walk along the seemingly endless beaches that belonged to all the other hotels, and one day we went for an hour long beach walk and still could have gone farther! But that wasn't enough to make me go there again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>scuba4fun
<Content>Started great, down hill from there We stayed at the Bambu from the 13th -27th of dec, because the resort we had originally booked wasn't open. This is our third time in a RIU and have come to expect a 3 star on a 5 star rating from them.  I have deleted the rest of my review because after reading it over, it just didn't have anything good to convey. I'll just say this will in all likely hood be the last time we stay at a RIU resort  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Ilyaphd
<Content>Wonderful experience at RIU Bambu We went to Riu Bambu in Punta Cana during Dec 21-28 time period. I was not sure if the weather will be good and it was superb despite Weather.com predictiong of everyday rain. Actully, the temperatures were right around mid 80s close to 90 with nice humidity levels making it very bearable for mid-day ventures. We slept with no air-conditiong during the day and at night. The hotel has many wonderful features for kids such as a playground with mini-club for kids, nice densly wooded territory near the beach of palm trees making a nice shade near the water. The sea was excellent temperature although waves can be tough at times but not for my 5 year old who spent 3-4 hours in the water per dya playing. Eveen my 3 yeard old was playing in the water. The hotel is nice and spacious with access to other RIU hotels. Palace hotel is next door for a nice getaway. Rooms are great at RIU Bambu with Mini-bar. There is a walkway connecting all RIU hotels for a nice moon-lit evening stroll along the beach listenning to the waves. A good deal!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lb_Ohio
<Content>Great family resort! We just came back from the resort on Dec. 28 after spending a week there. We traveled with 2 small children, ages 5 and 2 and we must say the stay there was great! The service was superb! If anything is requested from the front desk, they make sure to complete the request in no time and they also call your room to receive a confirmation over the phone whether or not the service was satisfactory. Even though this was our first time in Punta Cana, it was our third time at Riu resort. We also stayed twice at Riu Playacar in Riviera Maya, Mexico. The food was good, the lunch choices were pretty much the same every day, but we always managed to find something nice. Overall, I'd highly recommend this resort, it really offers high value considering the price.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NSJLeicester
<Content>Brilliant Family Hotel       La Plaza Bar  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>myd1959
<Content>Absolutely love this resort!!!! I travelled to this resort with my 2 sons - aged 21 and 18 from December 2 - 9, 2007. We all loved the resort. The food was fabulous and one son is a pretty picky eater. I was worried that he may not like the food there but there was no need to worry. We ate all of our meals at the resort - even the night we went to an al a carte restaurant - we stopped at the buffet afterwards because the boys were still hungry.The resort itself was immaculate. The drinks were plentiful. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The only complaint that I have, if you can call it a complaint, because it did not stop me from thoroughly enjoying the entire vacation, was the very firm bed. I like a softer mattress and their beds are quite firm but like I said it didn't stop me from enjoying myself. Would I go there again? You bet I would. Would my sons go there again? Yes they would - in a heartbeat. Would I recommend this place to people - I already have.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mrsmom89
<Content>Very European!! Last year we stayed at the Riu Jalisco so I am comparing the Bambu against it.First thing, first. This resort very much caters to the Europeans clientle. Since Riu head office is in Spain, I would imagine the resorts are very heavily promoted throughout Europe. The food especially is rather bland and cheese and cold cuts are offered at every meal. We found on numerous occasions we were treated like second class citizens by certain guests. Butting in line at the buffet, interupting conversations, and generally being rude constantly. By no means did this apply to all the European guests, but one group was by far the worst. I'm sure everyone reading this will know whom I referring to. English is not widely spoken at the pool or during the shows.Just for the North Americans reading this...be prepared for the topless sun bathers. It didn't bother me, but it does kind of take you by surprise the first time you see it. All ages,sizes and shapes believe me. The speedo is still very popular for men on the beach too (Yuck!!!!)The pool is kept very cool, almost to the point of being cold. I can't quite understand it, since the sunshines on it everyday.The beach is lovely but the water was very rough. I don't know if it is just the time of year, but we were rather disappointed.Went on a shopping trip, which was alright. Brought us to a mini-mall sort of shooping center not a market (there was one right down the street). Obviously the tour operator receives some sort of payment for taking tourist there.Stay Out Of The Casino!!!! What a rip-off, really old slot machines and games they warn you about on the bus!!!The resort itself is very nice, accommodations are nice but not even close to the Jalisco!! Small rooms.very plain.I guess it is obvious that I feel that the Puerto Vallarta Riu is a much nicer resort on pretty much all accounts except maybe the beach. To each his own I guess  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	5	3	4	

<Author>Neatsy
<Content>Wonderful time! Stayed for 2 weeks from Nov 22nd to Dec 6th 2007Great complex - wandered around all 5 hotels, although we weren't supposed to be in the Palaces. Swam in every pool, ate at Naibu and Taino as well, and drank at every bar! Lots of selection and options.We walked on the beach in both directions - to the right all the way to El Corcechito one day. It took maybe an hour to an hour and a half each way but there was no rush. Wanted to check out all the resorts and the beach. We came to the conclusion that we made a good choice staying at the Bambu for the beach. From the Bambu to the left is definitely the nicer beach... and far up towards Sunscape (Dreams?) is the best... wow, gorgeous!!The Bambu is a very relaxed resort which was perfect for us. Food - the buffet was great. Yes, a few strange items but overall wonderful. Lots of fruit. We did stay away from anything not cooked (except for fruit since it was all cut and peeled) and we had no problems at all. Had lobster twice, lots of vegetables and breads and cheese (not a lot of hard cheeses). Breakfast was wonderful. Usually ate lunch at Mamajuanas - could go in with bathing suit and had self serve beer and wine... good selection.A la cartes - Caribe Grill - ate there once - on stilts so it was interesting and a nice experience. Didn't bother with the other two since looked like nothing special and were happy with the buffet.Service - the waiters were wonderful for Breakfast and Dinner. Brought pots of coffee and hot milk to the our table every morning. Very friendly.Bartenders were great. Fast service and we didn't see people waving money. Lots of selection including some top shelf liquor. Just have to ask for it. Rooms were very clean and a good size. Shower had good water pressure and the air worked well. Yes, the pillows were lousy and the beds were hard. We did have to call to get our mini fridge refilled with soda water and beer - they were supposed to do this automatically but we always left our do not disturb sign on the door and then just called when we wanted it. Preferred to know when someone was going in the room. Small safe - wouldn't fit a lap top which I hadn't brought anyways - key for safe, not electronic - also key for room. We took the key off the big plastic key tag and put with the safe key and just stuffed in a pocket or beach bag every day.Do not use the water in the room for drinking or teeth brushing. They provide 4 litre bottles of water - can replenish whenever you need and also when cleaning the room. We took a funnel and had two small bottles we refilled to take with us for the beach and when we wanted drinking water. Kept a small one in the bathroom for teethbrushing and kept filling. Easier to handle than the jug. There is 7up and pepsi and diet pepsi, soda water and tonic water and beer in the fridge - can use the plastic 7 up bottles if you wanted to refill for drinking water.Could only find one plug to use, in bathroom under hair dryer. Had taken my own hair dryer. Wouldn't fit in plug. But we had read to take a cheap extension cord which we filed down with the nail file to fit in the plug and then hair dryer in our plug - razer, etc. Their hair dryer was fine - I just like my powerful one.Computer Centre - 8 computers open 8:30am to 8:30pm... with an hour break around 3 or so. Never had to wait for one although someimes a little crowded. $10 (US) for 60 minutes, $17 for 120 minutes - HINT - get a Riu class card and the time will be doubled for the same price. No problem connecting, high speed.Fitness centre - small - one treadmill, one bike. Can also use the centre on Caribbean street that was two rooms and had more equipment. Beach - beautiful!! Water was rougher than we had thought it would be. Strong waves - were told the wind was coming from a different directon than usual - for the whole two weeks!! Would have liked it to be calmer but out of our control obviously!! Rained occasionally - usually overnight. One morning HARD for two hours... They have an umbrella in every room. Only used once... The pools were great.. a little smaller than we had thought - the Naibou's pool is the biggest... Good pool bar and the waiters there are fabulous!The animation team is fun. Lots of organized games with prizes... bingo usually 2x a day... we won 3 T-shirts, 2 hats, a necklace and 9 small bottles of rum.The Michael Jackson show was great - all lip synched so the music was excellent. The other shows were good too - only saw about 3 of them. Quite hot in the lounge - humid. Flight - they had cancelled the flights to and from Puerta Plata and combined with the Punta Cana - was told this is something that Sunquest does often if the flights aren't full enough. Added quite a bit of time to our travel time on the way home. Wasn't impressed with that but again, out of our control.Would gladly answer any questions and whole heartedly recommend this resort... or even the Taino. Met a lot of people who were staying there and were happy and came over to the Bambu often for more selection. We really liked the lunch restaurant for the Taino and the bar there and went 3 or 4 times.Anita.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdbarnes
<Content>I know you have to read these with a grain of salt... For those who are thinking of staying at this hotel....it is a safe bet for a good time. The beach is fantastic, clear, warm and miles long. The pool is not a big as I had thought from viewing the photos in the catalog....but also, a very good time had by all at this location.The Staff - Upon arriving at the hotel the staff is very helpful. There is one young man in particular (Ariel) who is always trying to help the guests enjoy their stay to the utmost. Generally all staff were a great help and tons of fun.The Room - Was smaller then I had anticipated, but clean and cool (AC). There was NOT a Iron in our room, so if you bring something nice to wear....bring a steamer or ask at the front desk for an iron. Also, plugs are not adaptable to most camera battery chargers so again....they will charge it for you at the front desk....no questions asked or no costs involved. The Food - The a la carte restaurants were kind of a disapointment. At the A la Carte it is a safe bet to order the beef as that is usually a very tasty dish. We did not try the Steakhouse so no comment on that. The main buffet is great. Tons to choose from, but not really too much Dominican food....appeals to tourists from all over. They choose a different theme every night - Mexican was amazing!! No sleeping in or you will miss breakfast....closes at 10am :-( But tons to choose from if you can get up. Remember this is a 3rd world country, so the food selection and choice will not be as good as home.....but overall - we didn't lose weight while on vacation ; - )The Activities - We chose to go away on the Monster Truck Safari. It was fantastic!! It is a day long trip that takes you through 3 Dominican provinces. Country side, typical living conditions, schools, fudge factory, voodoo clinic. Lots to see, eat and drink. Well worth the money - $95 USD. We also went to the restaurant Capitan Cook. NOT WORTH THE MONEY. The food was excellent, but nothing you cannot eat at home. The service was terrible (Slow).... and the water taxi's were full. So we had two choices...wait....30 min minimum or take a taxi cab....$60 per person....it's lunch....I don't roll like that : - (....food was very tasty though.General Tips - Tips Tips Tips.....$1 goes a long way. I know it is ALL INCLUSIVE....but if you drop $1...you will have great service. Otherwise....service will be great....but diminish. It may not be cool, but it is a fact.The rum they give you is very cheap - harsh. Ask for Brugal or Barcelo Anejo. Your drinks will taste so much better.ALL IN ALL - THE RIU BAMBU IS A GREAT RESORT - 4 of 5 for me....but who am I right? I hope my story is helpful.....ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>reesjonesfamily
<Content>Fantastic Holiday Fantastic resort - could not fault the hotel at all. The room:The room was always clean and the cleaners cleaned the rooms daily and left fresh towels on the bed positioned like swans etc. The fridge was refilled every other day, but by request the will restock the fridge with specified drinks. Optics in the room, maintained. The Hotel public areas: Standard of cleanliness through out the hotel was good except American refused to use the hand cleaning product the hotel provided as you enter the restaurants.Food: The Buffet restaurant offered a wide selection of foods catering for the different nationalities, plenty of salads etc, so americans not happy that there is no burgers and chips every day - I think most other guests liked the wide selection and non Stodge food that I have found in USA.Drink: Wide selection of hot, cold and alcoholic drinks, but brand names are not readily available, but what do you expect when it is all included in the price? Variety of cocktails available - with a daily special.Beach:The beach is private so no hassle from people selling you things, there are a couple of drinks huts on the beach. The sports beach which is at the far end of the resort has motorised and non motorised sports, (only non motorised are included in the all inclusive offer) Entertainment:There is as much as you want to join in with - personally I am not in to that sort of thing, but there seemed to be plenty on offer  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nyctraveler9
<Content>Decent hotel, not great This review is an american take on the place...Rooms: -smelled disguistingly like cigarette smoke, we brought a candle but only disguised the stink.-sheets were scratchy, we had to double up the sheets from the other bed. The pillows were thin too. the whole room decor outdated.-they did clean the room eveyday ($2 tip each day)-we had to call for more water, beer everytime we ran out, they would not just replace it. ($1 tip each time everyday)-the maid annoyingly turned off all the power in the room so we had to reset the clock each day (annoying)-shower had very low water pressure-safe was hard to closeGrounds:-beautifully maintained, great piece of property...the beach was the BEST beach of any other hotel within a mile either way of the resort. This is the selling point.-all the bars are sort of outdoor and the whole entertainment area is outdated and in need of sprucing up with paint and such.Bars and food:-Outside of your room, where you only get a couple bottled beers a day in your fridge, they only serve tap beer in small little glasses. Its kinda gross aftertasting noname beer too. That was a huge disappointment...I was looking forward to Presidente beer in a bottle. The mixed cocktails were gross too, the pina colata was too sweet and not really frozen along with all the other mied drinks. They did have Stolii vodka and Johnie Walker which we did drink with club soda.Food: gross by american standards. Although the omelettes were really good. The Europeans seemed to like the food but its just not up to snuff with american standards. We went to the caribe grill at the Macao hotel next door for dinner twice and it was marginally a step up, but not by much. The italian was gross, steakhouse gross, but probably better than buffet. They served disgusting wine in beer pitchers so you knew it was bad wine.Service:very good, nice people in domincan republic. We tipped the waiters couple bucks for a dinner meal and noticed europeans don't tip really.Entertainment:Mostly in Spanish but we got used to it, very good dancing.Guests:-Mostly non english speaking europeans. They came from all over: Poland, a lot of germans, english, spainish. They were topless on the beach and every single one of them smokes, its really disguisting. In fact, at the stage watching shows, we couldn't breathe all 1000 of the guests were lit up.-Europeans were a little pushy in the buffet, it was annoying, like they were used to the idea of it and the food was gonna run out. The beauty of the euros was that they didn't bother to talk to you, it was actually a good thing, you could truly relax.Overall:I would not go back but people there did love it.Americans expect better though.3/5 stars  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Mellyjane
<Content>Loved it..despite the weather Got back to the UK to freezing temperatures and no heating...what do you expect in Nov !!If I had to make any negative comments about the Bambu then I would honestly struggle!! But if forced to then would say too many trees too much shade (when the sun was out) !!! Thats all I can come up with, oh and the weather but no one can control that..just unfortunate.The whole complex was fantastic, plenty to do if you wanted to get involved, but were never pestered to join in. Rooms clean, food fantastic but the option of the Steak House abd Char Grill made a nice change. I really cant fault it and would certainly go back there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ashally
<Content>Good Food, Great Staff, rather noisy though. First time in a Riu hotel but 3rd time to the Dominican, stayed in the North and also at the Gran Bahia Principe which is next door to the Palace. The Riu Bambu is a well run and family orientated hotel. Rooms and grounds very clean. Staff, maids, gardeners everyone who worked there were first class, no waiting, always willing to help, no pressure to tip which we have found at other complexes all over the carribean. You wanted to tip the staff here because they were so enthusiastic and helpful and it was so nice to recieve such excellent service wether you tipped or not.Food was absolutely fantastic, we couldn't fault any of the meals we had and you can use the al a carte restaurants as often as you like, we went to each of the three other restaurants, international, italian and grill twice. The buffet was always hot and the salad always fresh, no complaints, no funny tummys and we were overall extremely happy. Didn't think we would use the mini bar and optics in the room, but they were used every night, sitting on patio having a couple of drinks. Our patio did became our evening out on quite a few nights. The only couple of faults we found at the Hotel were the lack of a quiet bar for those not looking for the noise of the evening programme. Both bars are by the entertainment stage. Don't go to the Riu if you are looking for peace and relaxation the entertainment staff have bounds of energy and are on the go all over the hotel and beach for at least 12 hours a day. Perfect if that is what you like but it's not for everyone. (please don't think we are boring, it's just that hotel entertainment isn't always to your taste, especially when you have already watched the shows in the first week and they are repeated in the second, some evenings it would have been nice to just have a few drinks in a quieter atmosphere). Also the pool area is very small and extremely shaded. You were so tightly packed in with your sunbed and couldn't move it anywhere. We therefore never used it but the beach is lovely, the pool is also extremely noisy as it is such a small area.The hotel is predominantly european however English speaking is not the main, the hotel was probably less than 10% english speaking guests. Not really a problem but worth mentioning. We went to this hotel on a cheap late deal and were very happy with what we paid for. The Riu Bambu is probably best for families with young children, plenty to keep them occupied.Peace,quiet and relaxation is not whats on offer at the Bambu however, it was still a great place to Holiday and Fantastic value for money.The Riu Bambu is a four star hotel and if you are looking for something more upmarket and classy then pay more and go to one of the Palaces next door, If we do return then l think we would definitely choose the quieter palaces.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MiaLisbon
<Content>Fantastic beach location!!       Sunrise  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Turbosmum
<Content>Loved it!!!!! My husband and two children aged 8 and9 stayed and loved it. We love Punta Cana and stayed there at a similar time last year but at Breezes. The beach is beautiful!!!! We had a fantasic time. The animacion staff are brilliant! The kids absolutley loved them,as they did when we stayed at the Bachatta in the north of the island, last year. We enjoyed the food very much and tried the specialities too, which we loved. If you cant find something you like to eat...there must be something wrong!! We did a few trips which we would reccommend....Monster Truck.. Bavaro Splash and the Animal Adventure Park.....the kids were thrilled with them all. All in all it was a fantastic holiday and would surely go again. The RIU is in my opinion a good set up, plenty of things going on and they leave you alone if you dont want to join in. A word of warning though if you are planning on having a henna tatoo , DO HAVE A SKIN TEST BEFORE. My daughter had a very bad reaction to hers and it is looking like she will be PERMENENTLY SCARRED. Nobody seemed to be able to help us with this, they seemed to make us think it was a one off...on investigation since we have been home...it ISNT. So be warned!!!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Katy_Jo
<Content>Perfect! Returned back from RIU Bambu on Tuesday from a weeks holiday, and I wish I was still there! The place was perfect for what we wanted and for the amount we paid it was a bargain and a half.We booked our holiday with Thomsons and I can say that they were 'OK'. There were no problems and they did nothing exceptional.The hotel is lovely and well deserves it 4+t rating from Thomsons. If you are expecting the Hilton then you'll be disappointed, but if you've stayed in a Thomsons 3t hotel before then this will feel like luxury.The pool area isn't that big and perhaps a little noisy at times but the beach is only a few footsteps away and it's nice and peaceful there, with the warm sea. If you want things to do during the day, there are plenty from dance lessons on the beach to darts. We were occasionally asked to join in, but we weren't pested, which was nice.The bar behind the pool is lovely and quiet in the evening (where they do the best margaritas!) and if you didn't know better you may think the bar was closed. Or there is the main area where the entertainment is on, if you want something more lively.The food in the main hall was OK, we always found something we liked. We ate in the al la Carte restaurants 3 of the evenings. The food at the steak house is lovely, but for a more romantic setting the caribbean grill is the place to go (we liked it so much we went there twice!)We were so impressed, that for our next holiday we will be going to a RIU hotel again, and maybe in a few years we will return to the Bambu.If you are planning to stay at the RIU Bambu then I have one piece of advice for you: Stop reading all the reviews and just go and enjoy yourself, I hope you have a fantastic time!! I read some bad reviews and worried a little... when there really was nothing to worry about.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mishu_247
<Content>Wonderful!! We stayed at the Riu Bambu from 10/12-10/07 2007. I thought everything was wonderful! The staff was great. The beach was great. The pools were great. The buffet was AWESOME! We loved watching the shows at night ( I even got to participate in one!). Every one was very friendly. It was neat meeting people from different countries. There weren't a lot of Americans, which is where I am from. I have no complaints about the hotel at all. I would go back in a heartbeat. Maybe next year...?? :o)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RocketteWindsor
<Content>The fabulous Riu Bambu       Viktor took this pic!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Malc747
<Content>Bambu is cool       Beach resturant (Riu Palace) yes you can get in $$  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>truehotelreviews
<Content>Good for a relaxing holiday, not so good for sight seeing Booking the holidayMe and my nanna decided to take a 2 week holiday to the Dom Rep from 24th September 2007 to 8th October, so as you do you get brochures and look what鈥檚 on offer. My nanna is disabled and cant walk very far, steps is a no no, so we chose the Barcel贸 premium Punta Cana, for those reasons. As it had 6 lifts. The reviews on this hotel were really good, checking them everyday for nearly 6 months what other people thought. Only to be told 4 days before we were supposed to travel that there was major construction going on at this hotel, and they would recommend we change as they did not want building work spoiling our holiday. We asked what was left on offer, I mean 4 days before what can they be on offer, all the good ones would have been taken?After a 2陆 hour session in the travel agents we decided on the Club hotel Riu Bambu. If you book premium seats with Thomson and you want to change part of your holiday less than 1 week before you travel DO NOT LEAVE THAT SHOP UNTIL YOU HAVE CONFIRMATION THAT YOU HAVE THEM. They were trying to fob me off saying that the seats had been re-sold after they had cancelled my first booking and created the new one. Apparently if you cancel the booking less than 7 days before you travel you have to ring Thomson-fly which is a nightmare.We had to pay an extra 拢25 each to stay at this hotel, which I was happy to pay, as when we were looking through the brochures and looking on the internet, we noticed that this hotel would have been nearly 拢200 extra per person, so in effect we defiantly got a bargain.We got to the airport and checked in our cases with no problems (first having to go to the Thomson desk to get our tickets). The one thing that was strange, they didn鈥檛 ask for I.D when I collected the tickets, she just said 鈥渘ame鈥? I think they need to see your passport, anybody could get those tickets. Being in premium you get your own line which we were straight to the front on, and the economy line was massive, as all Thomson flights were together. Book premium it鈥檚 a far better service.Premium FlyingWe made our way to the departure lounge when our gate was called (300c). We got put on a bus on our own and after about 40mins other people started getting on. The seats on Thomson premium are FANTASTIC!!!!!. I am 5鈥?10 and I can stretch my legs out, and the widths of the seats are bigger also. I鈥檝e been on bigger (Airtours) but for 拢219 return extra with free bar service and entertainment package I think is worth it. However鈥︹€?br/>After we had sat down and the plane had taken off we were told that there was no in-flight entertainment. WHAT!!!! A 9 hour flight with nothing to do!!!!. Everybody was complaining, right aswell, we paid for it. The economy didn鈥檛. They did put pirates of the Caribbean 3 on, which I have already seen and thought it was ok, not great, but I didn鈥檛 watch it.Plane FoodOUT OF THIS WORLD 鈥?THE NICEST PLANE FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD ON A PLANE. The food varies so hope you enjoy your meals. Which are brought out 1 at a time (each course). And not all crammed on one tray like other flights.Punta Cana AirportIt always happens, you touch down at your destination, the captain switches off the seat belt signs and everybody rushes for the door, well guess what economy, Premium get off first. The cabin crew stand in front of you so you can鈥檛 get off, until all premium passengers are off first. We got off last, as my nanna had a wheelchair waiting for her on the run way. Once we had got her off the plane, I didn鈥檛 have to carry anything. The porters did it all for me. And guess what you have to pay tax to get into the country ($10). So there is a line.) Disabled people go straight to the front. So although we were off last we got our cases first and got into the country first which I thought was great. We got seats on the couch right at the front too. This was good.PLEASE TIP THE PORTERS AT THE AIRPORT $1 (48p 鈥?50p) they work long hours and do help you so you don鈥檛 need to struggle. On your way to your resort have a look out of the windows at the local鈥檚 houses; they are poor, really poor. So tipping is recommending in Punta Cana, don鈥檛 go mad, just $1 a time. We took $70 in 1 dollar bills and we came back with some. Work it out like this:Maid: - $14 鈥?(1 a day) (拢12 per holiday)Waiter (restaurants) - $1 per sitting (breakfast, lunch, dinner) - $42 (拢21 per holiday)Porters at hotel: $2 per holiday (1 when they bring the cases to your room, and 1 when they take your cases to reception on your last day)Extras can include gardeners which we didn鈥檛 tip, but you can give him $10 for a coconut, or $2 for ashtray which has been made out of a coconut.Total $58 鈥?(About 拢30) not a lot for us, but to them it is.The Hotel and Rooms and AreaAll the Riu hotels are in the middle of nowhere. There is nothing to do, but go to the beach, sit round the pool, join in around the pool with a variety of activities or drink and eat. The entertainment team are the best I have ever seen, and I have stayed at a lot of hotels in my lifetime. They can speak a little quick, but they try and pause between languages, but I think the sometimes forget, so you have to listen out for English which is normally after Spanish, and before German, unless your bilingual, in that case your laughing. Go to see the grease show, Michael Jackson show and go down to the karaoke night. They were soooo funny. Other shows were singing and dancing. Which I thought was good, but I couldn鈥檛 do it in the heat they have to do it in. the animation team try and get you up dancing. Ballroom style! LolPoolLoads of sun beds. Get down early to get a good one. I recommend getting this one. (Go to the top of the stairs which go into the pool, walk down the stairs and turn to your left, right infront of the pool. Great between 1-3 o clock when the shade from the trees comes over the top of you. Very well maintained and clean. (The whole hotel is kept immaculateRoomsBasic and very comfortable, no coffee making facilities (would have been nice to have a cuppa on the balcony in the morning). Towels refreshed when you need them. (Put them in the bath when you want them changed.) 2 double beds, phone and T.V. Towel sculptures are fantastic!!!!!Restaurant Colonial)Massive with plenty of seats. All swerving Breakfast Make your own omelette (the chef does it for you; you just pick what you want in it).CerealsToastCroissantsFull American breakfastEggs (boiled, fried scrambled,)BaconPancakesTomatoCheeseSalad (not recommended 鈥?tell you later)Tea, coffeeDonutsPastriesYogurt Loads of different syrups for the pancakes.And much moreLunch  DinnerLoads of different types of breadsCheesesSalads (not recommended 鈥?tell you later)ChipsPotatoesPizzaVegetablesLoads of different types of meat, chicken. Veal, pork, duck, beef, lamb and loads more. (These changed everyday)There were that many different foods I can鈥檛 think of them all. I don鈥檛 think I ever complained about the food. It was well presented, food hot not Luke warm. Loads to choose from and deserts were to die for. Plenty of ice cream for the kids throughout the day at the mamma Juana restaurant. With loads of snacks too If you felt peckish.A la carte restaurants The Italian is awfulThe steakhouse was fabulous 鈥?get the mixed grillYou have to get up and get your starters.The Caribe grill was always booked up; if you want to book this restaurant you need to get down early.The SaladWhen you go to a foreign country they always say, don鈥檛 drink the water, your really careful, using bottled water to brush your teeth, minimal ice in drinks. The salad is washed in the tap water. On our first day I had a bit of tomato, and my nanna had a big plate of salad. (Basically that鈥檚 all my nanna ate for 2 days) so it was easy to narrow down what caused my nanna to be violently sick and have the ebbi jeebies. It was not a nice site I can assure you. Other peoples stomachs are different, and can hack it, but please take care. I was ok, just a little bit of a tummy ache, but nothing a stomach powder couldn鈥檛 sort out. I was fine within 12 hours; my nanna on the other hand was in bed for 2 days. She thought it was the mayonnaise, but I can honestly say it was the salad.The RepMark was our rep what a gem. He said hello to us every time he saw us and was very helpful. The best rep I have ever seen. His knowledge was good of the Dom Rep and was always there to help.The BeachI鈥檓 not a beach lover, but the beach looked good, however, it鈥檚 crawling with sand ants. Wear footwear all the time when on the sand so you don鈥檛 get bitten. I got bit round the pool by an ant, all my items were on the floor, and when I picked up my watch to put it on, ants were all over my watch and one bit me.Internet accessThe internet can be slow some times. The pricing is $10 (around 拢5) for 70mins. You can go on less for cheaper. I recommend talking to family and friends through internet. It is far cheaper than ringing. (I could not see any payphones). When I asked mark for a phone card, he said you can鈥檛 get them, in the Dom Rep. I put 拢30 on my phone and took it with me. I rang 4 times and stayed on for 3-4 minutes each call, and I had no credit left. Brush up on your msn messenger before you go, and you will be right!!Tips: - 1.Bring plenty of sun creams with2.Get mosquito spray that containing at least 50% Deet3.Have your jabs before you go4.In the restaurant sit as far away from the food as possible, or sit outside5.Bring a bottle or insulated mug with you so you don鈥檛 keep having to get up every 5 mins to get a drink.6.Do your research before you go7.Get down to the pool early8.Always haggle at the shops. 9.A polite 鈥淣o gracias鈥?is sufficient if you don鈥檛 want to buy anything10.Never say you will look later if you don鈥檛 intend to buy, they will remember you and it will insult them 11.Learn a few phrases of Spanish; they speak it to you everyday. (they do speak English aswel) but your in a Spanish country for god sake)12.Take some after bite with you, and stomach upset powders or Imodium. Blister plasters, first aid cream, mosquito zapper (to stop itching if you get bitten)13.Tip the waiters14.Lock all valuables in your safe including your premium bag that they give you on the plane15.Take your own earphones with you for your entertainment system on the plane. The ones they give you hurt and are cheap. Basic phrasesHola 鈥?HelloComo esta? 鈥?How are youSi 鈥?yesNo 鈥?NoMy favourite (solo estoy mirando) 鈥?Im only lookingDos toballas - 2 towelsDos vasos de 鈥?2 glasses ofBuenos dias 鈥?Good morningBuenas noches 鈥?Good eveningGracias 鈥?Thank youMuchas Gracias 鈥?Thank you very muchEncantado 鈥?Pleased to meet you (male)Encantada 鈥?Please to meet you (female)Por favour - PleaseSorry if I have waffled on I hope you enjoy your holiday where ever you goWill I return to the Riu Bambu? Definatly not with someone who is disabled, but would come with partner or friends.Would I give it a 4+ rating. YESFood out of 100% - 87% (need strawberries, and more fruits other than melons, pineapple and banana)Location 鈥?74% you can鈥檛 go anywhere it鈥檚 in the middle of nowhere)Hotel 鈥?96% needs air-conditioning throughout instead of fansOverall holiday 鈥?87%feel free to answer any questions on fanadisney_uk@hotmail.comphotos and video will be added later, as i am having my house torn apart and re-built  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Niggy
<Content>Not over impressed We have just returned from two weeks at the Riu Bambu, and were a bit disappointed, having previously gone to Riu hotels in Mexico (I think we were expecting the same good service). I know the following sounds very negative but we did have a good time generally.First the bad bits鈥?The Dining room staff seem to be always on the lookout for tips, and just about every mealtime we found that the table had not been set completely. There does not seem to be any organisation where waiters should look after dedicated tables. It seemed like there could be two or three waiters looking after one table and none on the next table to it.The food in the main restaurant is generally pretty good, but it does get to be much the same each day. We went to the Steak House one night and had to ask three times for a menu in English (the third time a waiter asked if we were German for some reason). The steak was quite good, although the vegetables were cold.Several people went down with upset stomachs, but I guess that can happen anywhere. The cocktail drinks at the bars (Banana Mama etc.) were so sweet that we just couldn鈥檛 drink them 鈥?even the self serve Pepsi and 7up dispenser was very sweet. Most people that we spoke to said that they mixed in plain soda water to reduce the sweetness.The gardeners collect the Coconuts and sell them on the beach, and when we told him we didn鈥檛 have change for twenty dollars he promptly brought out a bundle of cash 鈥?I think he must have had one hundred dollars in change. One morning when my wife was sitting on our balcony, the same gardener brought her a flower arrangement (a Flowerpot with a few leaves and flowers placed in it), and asked for a two dollar tip. It did brighten up the day for us though and gave us a laugh at his cheek.The trips are expensive compared to other places that we have been too, but we booked the Monster Truck Safari and really enjoyed it. I鈥檓 afraid the cynical side of me has to ask what the children want with all the pencils and paper that we are told to take for them. They must have more than enough with one donation a week, but the Monster trucks travel much the same route every day. Anyway yet again, the children were asking for 鈥淒ollar鈥?more than anything. It also felt uncomfortable being told that we could photograph the children taking lessons; I would not want my children to be put on show to a bunch of tourists in this way.There is not anywhere to go 鈥渙ff site鈥?by yourself locally unless you take a taxi, but then I鈥檓 not sure we would feel that safe anyway.Now the good bits鈥?.The beach is a very good standard, is wide and goes on for miles in either direction. We took a walk along the beach one morning to the 鈥淔lea Market鈥?which is a row of huts where locals sell their goods. You can buy anything here from Cigars to Spirits and wooden goods to jewellery 鈥?don鈥檛 forget to barter though.The beach towels are free (as is usual) and the sun beds are good quality, we didn鈥檛 see any that had been broken.The Pool鈥檚 were very clean and appeared to be well looked after.The room that we had was cleaned every day and plenty of fresh towels were provided (although some people complained that they did not get fresh ones very often). The room bar was kept well stocked, but we did not use this too much anyway.All in all a good holiday if you just want to relax in the Riu complex, but for us it did not come anywhere near Riu Yucatan in Playacar Mexico 鈥?we will not be going back to the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>JIMMissouri
<Content>beware of thieves this resort has no concern for your safety. my wife returned to the room before dinner and caught a intruder hidding in the bathroom,.Luckly my neighbor was in the room next to ours to confront the intruder who was speaking in Spanish and said he was security. After calling the front desk without any response, we told the intruder we were going to the front desk at which time he bolted and ran. After speaking to the hotel manager, Senor Wellington, his only response was that he was happy he only had to hear about it for one day, as we were leaving the day after. No one replaced our missing articles, or offered to compensate us for our trip. We filed with the BBB after Apple Vacations refused to respond to us after multiple attempts to contact them. Have fun but beware! Will never go back to this resort.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms-Douglas16
<Content>lovely holiday We stayed here for 2wks mid sept '07. We emailed ahead and asked for a high floor quiet room ( fear of 8 legged creepy crawlies  light sleeper) So well done Bambu, block 33 best sleep ever on all hols in last 8yrs!! Flight was very good Thomson new roomier planes food was ok films etc good. A little tight with the baggage allowance worth paying for the extra 5 kilos. Transfer was quick efficient and the roads have improved since my last visit in March 07. Arrival and check-in smooth and only a 20min wait for the bags so on the beach in less than 90 mins from landing must be a record for me!! Mark the rep was simply the best knowledgeable, interesting, knew what he was doing, great personality and 100% dedicated to the job nothing was to much trouble for him.The room was filled with towel swans and flowers everyday by a sweet 18yr old who earned $200 per month for a 10 hour day so I suggest if you are going to tip the the girls deserve it, The bar staff make a packet from the Americans who think its fine to give $1 everytime they get a round in and leave the rest of us to fight to get their attention!! The tourists, when we arrived from Manchester (Mondays, Gatwick Thursdays) there were about 200 of us Brits. Ok I know what you are all going to say but Please, Please, Please! Is there anywhere on the Planet that the GERMANS don't go on holiday so the rest of us can be free of their bad mannered, chain smoking arrogance. The problem with this hotel is it's Hamburg with tropical beach. We found out why, on carribean street situated between the Riu Maccao and the Taino is a TUI office which serves the Europeans in the resort now they do speak English and on asking the if they could book us a holiday direct with them this is what we were told, they only book holidays for Main land Europe and if we chose to go say to Paris and book there that was fine. So she kindly gave us a brochure and price list, some of the travellers were there for 10 weeks all inc. Now our Thomson agents don't do that as it's an arm and a leg but if you did want to go for that length of time it will cost you 5500 Euro for a junior suite at the Punta Cana Princess next door which is much more luxurious, so somewhere along the line us Brits are getting done! The weather was faultless, the food good no dellie belly named brands of alcohol if you want them. Do buy earplugs for the shower as quite a few people with ear infections. Overall a really good holiday. Only suggestion for the Hotel are newer pillows for the beds as old ones are wafer thin and tv's need updating . A new manager has arrived and is keeping all staff on their toes. I'd give this hotel 10/10 for location to a wide clean beach, 8/10 for staff and 9/10 for value for money. Would I go again? Yes.Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>zeza
<Content>Riu Bambu Travellng with the family 2 kids 20  27 and just returned from an all inclusive week stay at the Riu Bambu...it was fabulous! the staff,entertainers and shows were wonderful...the hotel was very accomodating and clean..loved our block..2113.. 2nd floor. No complaints! the food was great...there was something for everyone and I am a very picky eater...the beach, sand and water were incredible.never had an issue with finding a lounge chair. One recomendation I can make is if you are travelling with older kids like we did...bring along some walkie talkies ..there were times that e could not find each other due to using all of the Riu's. The Riu Taino was more oriented to the younger  crowd but the food and beach were not as nice as the Bambu. We did the snorkelling cruise where you got to see the sting rays and sharks...it was quite nice for the kids...great closing to a perfect vacation! I have nothing negative only positive things to say about this resort...I highly recommend it for all age groups...one word of caution for the little ones ...lots and lots of topless women! OLA!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catucha
<Content>Wonderful Riu Bambu I have been at Riu Bambu with my husband between the 1.9.07 until 8.9.07.What I can say is that it is a pleasant place with nice people.The beach is very fascinant with warm water and I feel socalm and happy that I do not want to come home.The food is good and always with different things to choose.Breakfast is so good with lots of fresh fruits, yogurts, eggs, chesse and so many hot things. I think that only being there we can see by ourselves what it is.The animation team is wonderful, they work very hardly sothat we can fell happy and better than at home. They teach us to dance,we play games at pool and at night we have a spetacle with very good representation. Try the Bambu and I think you will never forget it.I am from Portugal and although we have good beaches at Algarve, we can not compare. I want to go there again.Catucha  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdando
<Content>muy bien gracias! the riu bambu is one of a group of 5 riu hotels all grouped together in punta cana. i went with a great friend of mine...no husbands just a fun girl trip! we stayed sept 14-17, 2007. we toured each hotel and for the price we paid i was soooo happy with our hotel, our pool, our restuarants and the room. the bambu is just perfect for friends travelling together, large reunions and families on a budget. the riu taino and riu naiboa are an EMBARASSMENT . i actually felt bad for the people staying there. the pools were less than appealing and the grounds were run down. but i must be frank when i say that if you would like the cream of the crop, stay next door for a bit more at the riu punta cana palace. you have to have special bracelets to move around that property. my friend and i were a bit sneaky and used their beautiful pool and even managed to have a few drinks at the pool bar ...hehe! then we got caught with no bracelets...darnall in all you cannot go wrong here . the beach is AMAZING...the staff is friendly although a bit apathetic. the water was so clear and the sand is this beautiful pink/white soft powder!i was very pleased but when i go back with my husband we will be at the punta cana palace.:)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Swansea101
<Content>Relaxing time       The beach  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burn007
<Content>i,m english and i dont think this is such a great place burnard chesterfield u.k hello this hotel is abit run down in need of some serious tlc if you want to sit round the pool or beach (there is nothing else ) listening to chants of usa usa then go but this four star never i stayed in the atlantica golden beach in cyprus also four star and it could knock the socks of this place in every way the entertainment is poor and mostly not in english what so ever the drinks all though included are awfull and the food ok but the stomach ache and cramps and what follows are not nice if english i suggest stay away much better nearer home  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>holz_girlz
<Content>fabulous       in every room objects from towels!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>fabcunha
<Content>Perfect Beach, Hotel and Staff for us       By our room, looking to the sea  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jesrambo
<Content>Great value - would definitely go again!       Ocean  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>eganmayChi
<Content>We had a great time       The Caribe grill (oceanfront)  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Raechka
<Content>Great Vacation       waiter Rijo at mama juana/italian restaurant  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SandraS
<Content>Vacation Getaway First off, you have to know that my trip was ruined from the beginning with the horrible news of a friends death the day I was leaving for vacation. But, overall, the trip was a nice relaxing vacation which is what I needed right before school started again.The beach was beautiful. It had a bit of seaweed in it but other than that, the water was very nice.The hotel staff at the main bar was AMAZING. Boni was our favorite. The other workers seemed to love their job and were always willing to assist us with anything.The rooms were small but whocares. We used the hotel for sleep so it was not that much of a problem.The maids did NOT restock our water and that was a problem for me. We had to call down to the front desk several times before we just went down ourself and got bottled water for the room.On our last morning there, it was unfortunate and sad to have a man pass away on the beach. My concern with this was the speed at which the Scuba Caribe staff (the water sports people on the beach) and the paramedics moved to help this man. I'm not exactly sure how he drowned, I saw them pull him onto the beach and start giving him CPR. The paramedics were walking and I think they should have been running, I'm sure in America, they would have ran. There was no rain except one night so it was nice to have sun during our stay.As you can see, there were many things that made this vacation one that I will not forget. My boyfriend and I will not be going back to the Dominican Republic. Not because we did not have a good time but because it was just a bit much to handle.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>crivas04
<Content>Good hotel, great stafff       at the airport  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>matsar2
<Content>best hotel ever Stayed at Riu Bambu 6th- 13th August and I can honestly say it was the best hotel ever. All staff couldnt do enough for you, everyone really helpful and courteous. Place really clean, never saw one bug or crawling insect anywhere. We were in the pool all day and everyday especially my daughter and never got ear infection or heard anyone else who had, food brill anything and everything you wanted, best to get early as you got made a fuss of and all staff welcomed you in which was nice.The caribean grill on stilts restraunt on beach was 5 course spectacular as were meals in steak house but as mentioned above , normal restraunt couldnt be faulted. Mark Thompson rep really helpful and tried to ensure happy stay. We enjoyed 3 trips speed boat, Animal adventure and Tropical storm all brill couldnt be faulted, guides on hand to help everyone with snorkelling if you wanted, enough people to ensure good time or could just relax to when you wanted. I had 19yr old and 8 year old but both really enjoyed experience of wide variety of things to do on trips.Sea and beaches fantastic, a dream come trueWill certainly be returning next year with all family and friends.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelecm
<Content>overall good hotel We just got back from the riu bambu and had a great vacation! The beach is gorg and the weather is nice and hot and the hotel was good. mixed reviews on the hotel. when we go back i'd stay at the riu palace next door or bahia principe. these hotels are all 30 min from airport. be warned: beaches are filled w/ many topless women so if u're planning a fam vaca i'd think another island. =) although this resort is perfect for families. there's so much to do for kids: hair braiding, henna tattoos, ceramic painting, beach games, kids pool, play ground area, etc.the riu is a nice hotel but i would never stay there again primarily b/c of the beds. first there's only 2 double beds in each room. no rooms at the hotel have a king/queen so my romantic vaca was slightly spoiled by my husband and i sleeping in separate beds to avoid squeezing into 1 small one. 2nd the beds are soo hard and the sheets are not fitted so easily come off. other then the beds i have no room complaints. the rooms were in a nice area, divided into about 20 rooms or so in each bldg. the 2nd main reason why i would not go back was lack of air conditioning at dinner time. it seemed they used the air for b'fast but no other meal and eating was not enjoyable at all. the staff is amazing at this hotel (chocolate  cappuccino esp), from entertainers to front desk folks. they speak 5 different languages to accomodate all visiting guests from all over the world. the shows at night are good but not great but what can you expect, it's not b'way. =) and how much can you really do that every language can understand!the alcohol is good but different. It is not typical american alcohol. the frozen drinks were good but not exactly frozen. be careful not to have to much of the mama juana! u go sleepy sleepy as they say. =)i highly recommend the outback safari half day tour. there's nothing safari about it but you do get a great educational tour about the island's history and how the people live. ask for the champagne!the pool is nice but needs updating.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TRIP421
<Content>Good Time at Riu Bambu       Beach  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bbexxx
<Content>Loved the Bambu       The awesome fruit decorations  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Natalie5798
<Content>Never with Thomson again! Thomson! 鈥?We booked this holiday with Thomson and I will never ever go with them again. What a joke! I have been on lots of long haul flights where an individual built in screen is part of the standard package on your flight. Well not with Thomson! If you want this, it is classed as an upgrade and you have to pay 拢95 per person each way for the privilege! If you don't want to do this and have a window seat, it is near impossible to see the TV screen past the overhead storage. We had one hot meal and one cold meal on the flight which I also thought was poor. I thought this was going to be the start of a terrible holiday but it's just as well the hotel was nice. The Thomson reps at the hotel were only ever around trying to sell you the excursions and other peoples left over suncream and shampoo. We rarely saw them which was a good thing I suppose as they thought they were funny but they were cringeworthy. The German rep was much more competent. She was on hand for her guests everyday.Beach 鈥?Everything that is said about the beach is true. It really is fabulous! The sand is soft and white and the sea is very clean. It鈥檚 really easy to get sunloungers on the beach at any time of the day.Food 鈥?The food is ok. Nothing spectacular but not too bad. There is a lot of variety and as long as you're not too fussy you can eat something different every day. The Caribe Grill restaurant was nice as it was right on the beach and the breeze was a godsend especially on clammy nights. There are loads of bad reports about the food but I thought it was fairly nice. We did go to the toilet more than usual, but I think a lot of that is to do with your body getting used to the change in the weather and climate, and also that you are eating different foods than you are used to. There's no point in getting a huge plate of fruit and complaining that you're going to the toilet more often. We took Imodium with us and it worked a treat! Definitely get some before you go just incase. We had no real sickness though.The pool 鈥?Although I never got an ear infection, there were many who did. I heard of a party of 11 people and 7 of them had ear infections from the pool. This is because people are peeing in the pool. The chlorine that is put in protects you to a degree but if you're never out of the pool, expect an ear infection, particularly if you are prone to them. Just take some stuff with you just in case. Beware of the doctors though! People who had ear infections went to the medical centre on the Riu camp and were sent straight to a hospital. Here they had to pay for someone to tell them they had an ear infection and give them some ear drops. You're insurance won't matter a jot as they want paying there and then and will put you under police guard until you've paid. Thomson then kindly tell you that you might be able to claim it back once you've got back home. Thanks Thomson!Kids! 鈥?As the summer holidays go on no doubt this place will be overrun with little brats who have no idea how to behave. The English kids and usually the American kids were fine but there were many (of foreign nationality) who were let loose by their parents to spend all day in the pool while they went on the beach. Please look after your kids if you take them away! Anything could happen to them. The reps are there to entertain them not to be used as a baby sitting service!Entertainment 鈥?The entertainment in the evening was ok. It wasn't much special. Some nights were funny with the Karaoke which was hilarious when people were bad. I鈥檇 prefer to have shows in the evening with people who can sing and dance really well. These were a bit amateurish really. Saying that, the staff clearly work so hard. They are up doing activities from 10am and often don鈥檛 finish until midnight. They get a day off a week but still remain the happiest and most energetic people. Well done to them!Excursions 鈥?We booked our excursions with the reps on the first day. We went on the Speed Boats for the day and went snorkelling in the sea which was really fab. The staff were really friendly and the whole day was really well organised. Four people went snorkelling with a guide who gave you food to feed the fish. We also went on the excursion to swim with sharks and stingrays. This was a good experience but the staff on this excursion were annoying. If you wanted a booze cruise type thing it would have been great but a nice peaceful boat journey was all that was required.Please be aware that this is a third world country. There is no point going if you want to have a wander out of your hotel. It is not commercialised and is not advised to go out unless you are on an arranged excursion.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>azaria11
<Content>Blissful Relaxation Imagine a little island retreat鈥攆ar from city crowds, the sounds of car horns blasting, the hurried pace of business men walking back to work from their lunch breaks, and the everyday stresses of corporate America. Anybody in need of a vacation from work or school will definitely have his/her wish granted at the Riu Bambu鈥攁 potent prescription for some r  r. After spending a couple of months researching hotels online on tripadvisor, expedia, yahoo, beachdestinations, orbitz, and other travel sites, I selected the Riu Bambu because of its high popularity and mainly positive reviews, and a wallet-friendly price was offered for a 6 night package, including the flight. Still, I was hesitant when booking the resort (through BeachDestinations) because I would be traveling with a scrutinizing patron鈥攎y mother. With a discerning eye and history of complaints over minute details, I worried that if this resort didn鈥檛 satisfy my mother鈥檚 needs, I would face the consequences.Luckily, as soon as our bus-taxi drove up to the Riu Bambu, my anxieties lifted because looking at the tropical greenery, charming interior with bright yellow painted walls and wooden carvings, and a glimpse of the marble dome of the pool area bar, the resort immediately captivated me. Its gorgeous grounds look prettier in real life than in Internet pictures, which cannot deliver the complete sensual experience of being surrounded by nature. From our entrance into the Bambu, the service proved to be immaculate. My mother and I noticed that the hotel workers genuinely seem to care about their guests and attempt to put a smile on everyone鈥檚 face. I especially enjoyed the mango daiquiri presented to us at our arrival as a welcoming gift and an invitation to unwind from a long plane ride. For the 7-day duration of our trip, my mother and I had a regular routine of waking up at about 8am, eating breakfast in the Colonial Restaurant, and relaxing at the beach all day until 4:30pm or 5pm. While guests could select from a number of water sports and excursions for scuba-diving, parasailing, or snorkeling, we preferred to take advantage of the beautiful beach鈥檚 turquoise waters and soft, white sands. In comparison to other hotels鈥?beaches, we found ours to be cleaner and more abundant in palm trees, which provided necessary protection from the scorching sun. Plenty of loungers are also available; thus, there is no need to rush in the mornings to obtain a good spot. My only complaint concerning the beach/pool was the towel service鈥攖hough I am sure the towels were washed after each use, many were stained and some were damp. Americans should also brace themselves from a constant display of bare breasts, as many European women bathe topless (obviously nudity is not at all scandalous in other countries besides the US, however). Surprisingly the buffet at the main restaurant offered nicely prepared, fresh food. The restaurant is divided into 4 sections: the hot food line, the cold food/appetizer line, desserts, and fruit. Contrary to some reviews, I did not find the items to be completely predictable as every night had variation. Meat lovers will especially be happy to see a vast selection of chicken/pork/and beef dishes. Health-conscious individuals, like myself, may have a harder time since many foods are fried or saut茅ed and a touch of butter can be tasted in the steamed rice and vegetables. Nevertheless, I enjoyed the exotic salads, clear soups, and fish, as well as the guava, pineapple, mango, watermelon, and passion fruits available 24/7. Occasionally, the restaurant has special nights; we dined during the barbeque, sushi, and Dominican nights. My favorite part of the breakfasts at the Colonial was the fresh juices that a woman blended in front of us each morning. On our last morning, orange mimosas were given as a special treat. It is definitely easy to gain weight here, since the Mama Juana restaurant is open nearly all day and unlimited beverages await at all three bars. (I鈥檇 rather not think about the quantity of sugar loaded into one pina colada!) Although guests can make reservations at three specialty restaurants: Italian, Steakhouse, or Caribbean Grill, my mother and I preferred to eat at the buffet. The Caribe grill restaurant at the Riu Palace Macau has a charming interior and offers a gorgeous view of the ocean, as you are practically sitting on top of the waters in the restaurant, which sits upon bamboo stilts. Service there is also quite pleasant, yet the food is average and choices for the starters, soups, first course, main course, and desserts are limited to two or three items. Most people probably rise early to make reservations (the line begins promptly at 7am) simply to enjoy the ambiance. Most evenings at the Riu Bambu consist of sipping cocktails at the bars, strolling through the resort complex, and watching a show at the theater. The eccentric and vivacious Animation Team certainly kept everyone entertained. The crew of six bold personalities, including one cross-dresser named Kiki, and additional dancers and singers starred in the Bambu鈥檚 version of the musical Grease, a Michael Jackson dance spectacle, an Ideal Couple show, and Miss Riu Bambu. As expected, the shows do not rival Broadway pieces, but the dance routines and comedic sketches are well executed. (The Grease musical, which was entirely lop-synced, is best watched after drinking several marguerites). By the end of the trip, my mother and I had become accustomed to the lazy beach days and constant pampering; leaving the beautiful grounds and returning to work was highly undesirable. Our only regret was not venturing into the town of Santa Domingo, home to many duty-free shops, and only purchasing one Amber necklace鈥攖he island produces masses of Amber, which are sold at very reasonable prices that are always negotiable with the venders. I am not a novice to the resort experience; for I have stayed at the Riu Caribe in Cancun, the Holiday Inn Sunspree in Aruba, and the five-star Iberostar in the Mayan Riviera. In comparison to these other hotels, the Bambu certainly delivered an excellent experience in terms of hospitality, dining, and entertainment. A four-star resort with first-class treatment, Riu Bambu is a winner.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RoCNewJersey
<Content>GREAT Hotel, Staff - Food OK This was our first trip to Punta Cana. Our stay at the Riu Bambu was for 8 days  it was incredible. The staff (Animacion) was wonderful. Always something to do. They even have a lot of things for the kids to do (Ring Toss, Badminton, Mini Disco, etc.) It gave me  my husband a daily great hour or two of alone time without worrying. The nightly entertainment was amazing (don't miss the Africa Show or Michael Jackson show). My only complaint is the food. A couple of times it was warm enough (at the buffet)  it can become repetative. The specialty restaurants were really good though (the seafood past was amazing). We're already planning on returning  bringing friends  family. We just got back yesterday  miss it already. If you go (which I strongly suggest) say hi to Chocolate  Cappuccino!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sherdley
<Content>Mixed Feelings This was our first holiday to the Carribean so perhaps our expectations were too high. The beach in Bavaro has to been seen - its absolutley beautiful with silky sand and there's lots of it - very clean and sun beds available. The hotel is good - we think the ratings however are too high when you compare to the hotel next door and there is only one bar - which is not airconditioned and the humidity at night makes it extremley uncomfortable. The grounds of the hotel are well maintained but if you are not a beach person and only want to be near a pool then you will need to reserve your sunbed early - the pool area is very shaded by the surrounding palm trees and the pool crowded because of the pool bar. The food was on the whole good but again the dining room was not air conditioned making it unbreathable when the chefs were cooking - staff very friendly. The rooms are basic - quite cramped when there are 3 people sharing and the upgrade to a junior suite costly. The entertainment team at the Bambu are excellent and work very hard to ensure that you have a good holiday - lets face it - there's not many people nowdays that shout 'I love my job' all day On the whole we neither loved nor disliked the Bambu - but will research more next time we decide to go to Dom Rep  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FDP
<Content>Glad I Went! My two girlfriends and I just returned from a week stay at the Riu Bambu. We arrived at the hotel late Saturday, July 21, 2007 where we were greeted by a friendly reservation desk clerk. If I had taken every negative review I read beforehand, I probably would've got scared off from coming to Riu Bambu. But instead, I focused on all the good reviews, and I'm glad I didn't change my mind about going there. Spanish is primarily spoken all throughout the resort, but you can still communicate with anyone there. Meanwhile, getting back to check-in. We were brought three cold, delicious fruity drinks before heading off for our room. Upon opening the door we found the room was hot. The air conditioning wasn't working. When I went to call the hotel desk, I discovered the phone was broke. Okay...okay, we're not going to get upset. These things could happen anywhere. The three of us walked back to the reservation desk to tell them about our situation with the room. Again, we were greeted with friendly smiles. After telling the desk clerk about the problems in the room, he offered to move us the following morning (first thing). So we decided to return to the room and make the best of it considering we'd be moving to another room. Sure enough, the next morning our luggage was moved to another room while we were eating breakfast. The air conditioning could've been slightly colder for one of my friends, but she agreed it felt pretty good compared to sleeping in a hot room the night before. The beds are kinda hard and they have small pillows, but overall, we didn't have any problems sleeping. We never saw any bugs in our room as I had previously read in one review. Our room didn't have a musky odor as I had previously read, and the room we stayed in wasn't as small as I had previously read in a review. We had 3 beds in our room with plenty of walk-a-round space and a large closet with lots of hangers for our clothes. There isn't an iron in the room, but the hotel desk will accomodate your need of an iron for a small deposit. Now, let's talk about the food. I found that the Colonial Restaurant has a large variety of food on the buffet. We never had any problem finding something that we liked during our entire stay. There was plenty of everything! We also ate at the MamaJama Restuarant one afternoon where we enjoyed hamburgers and fries, even though there were other things on the buffet menu. We also did the ala carte dinners while we were there. All in all, my two girlfriends and I found the food to be very good. I can't say anything about the pool area because we took advantage of that beautiful beach!! But from where I was sitting under the La Plaza Bar, the pool was filled with swimmer who looked to be having a blast splashing around ! There are a lot of children, but then again, I've been to a family friendly resort before, so I expected to see lots of kids. Although I didn't venture into the pool, I wasn't disappointed because I got some nice pictures of those steps that decend down to the water, and the beauty enclosing the pool area. Back to the beach! That's where we relaxed most late mornings after breakfast. It's the prettiest beach I think I've ever seen! The water is beautiful! The sand felt wonderful! Again, if I had believed previous reviews I might've thought I wouldn't get to sit on the beach, but there never was a shortage of loungers when my friends and I went to the beach. Sure, it was crowded, but each day we found ourselves loungers. The Riu Bambu is located between the two Riu Palace hotels. We visited both and I was glad we were staying at the Riu Bambu. They're pretty, but I was quite pleased with our decision. All in all, we had a very nice time during our seven-day stay. I really can't say anything negative about Riu Bambu because I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of my stay. There were a few rude people here and there, but you don't let that deter you from having yourself a great vacation. People are going to be rude anywhere you go...that's life. The night entertainment starts off with the kids. Then it transforms into a more adult kind of entertainment. It was okay. I'll admit I didn't understand what was being said the majority of the time, so I didn't enjoy it as much as I probably would've if there wasn't a language barrier. For the most part, the Riu Bambu was a well run resort. The grounds are well kept. The buildings/rooms are clean. The hotel lobby is pretty. It was a good place to take pictures and people watch. The hotel gift shop had plenty of things to bring home souvenirs. But if you go to Caribbean Street, you can get more for your buck. That's where we most of our shopping. The Riu Tanu (not sure I'm spelling it correctly) is next to Caribbean Street, and then there's Riu Naboa located next to it. I would highly recommend if you go to Riu Bambu, that you get up about 7:00 in the morning to walk down to the beach. It's absolutely beautiful, especially if you turn from the ocean and look back at the palm trees with the early sun shining on the leaves. It's beautiful!!!! Have your camera with you when you go! By the time we left the hotel on Saturday, July 27th, my two girlfriends and I felt relaxed! It was a well-deserved girls-get-away. I wouldn't let the negative reviews influence a decision to visit this resort. The positive far outweighs the negative comments. Just because our vacation got off to a rocky start, (with the room), we ended up having a memorable, wonderful vacation. I suggest anyone who is planning to go to Riu Bambu, to go! Have a great vacation! Don't believe (all) the negative reviews!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>luv2travel071
<Content>Loved the Bambu We stayed at the Riu Bambu Jul 21/07 thru Jul 28/07. If your looking for a great resort for the whole family with lots of entertainment then this is the one. We visited the Riu Palace next door to the Bambu and while it was a little more posh it was very quiet and seemed very boring if your going to have fun. We actually met quite a few guests who came to the Bambu from the Palace for the entertainment. The beach at the Bambu is great! Has a lot of shade so you can actually enjoy the hot afternoons on the beach without getting burned.  Overall great family resort...if your looking for something more luxurious try the Palace.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ljflipflop
<Content>Below expectations We booked the Riu Bambu online after having stayed at the Riu Palace Ocho Rios last year in Jamaica. This hotel is not even in the same league as the Palace Ocho Rios. We are not travel snobs by any stretch of the imagination but we realized after half a day here that this resort was not for us. The beds were the hardest, most uncomfortable things I have ever attempted to sleep on. I thought about getting a blanket and sleeping on the floor, except that there are no extra blankets or pillows in the room. We had an ant problem in our bathroom on arrival which they did come and spray for quickly. We proceded to find several other dead bugs in the shower the next morning. I went to the desk to ask for a few more pillows since I am seven months pregnant and the ones we had were thin as paper. They brought us three extra pillows and one that was actually fluffy. Me, my husband and son almost fought over who got that one. The pool was incredibly crowded. The entire pool was over my 8 year-old's head. There was a smaller pool that may not have been as deep but that pool was full of smaller kids and more inflatable toys than the pool could contain. The larger pool was wall to wall with people. I literally got pushed out of the way at the pool bar trying to get a non-alcoholic Pina Colada. My husband got the true Pina Colada. Niether were frozen, nor were any of the additional ones we tried to get. There was a large party crowd almost Spring Break type at the pool bar. It took us 15 minutes to find only one chair at the pool for the three of us to share. We never found one on the beach. We decided to walk next door and check out the Riu Palace Macao which was much less crowded and had beds that felt like a cloud compared to the Bambu. We moved next door as quickly as possible and salvaged the rest of our vaction. The only air-conditioned place at the Bambu is your room. I did have a healthy diet the two nights we had to stay there. All I had the appetite for was cold fresh fruit because the buffet area was steaming hot and humid. If you are young, single, looking for a party atmosphere, and don't mind hard beds, the occaisional bug, and torrid heat then you might enjoy the Bambu. If you have children and want a relaxing vacation, go next door to the Palace Macao. It is well worth the difference.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>barla54
<Content>Nice get-a-way at the Rui Bambu I just returned from a 3 night get away to the D.R. at the Riu Bambu.The grounds are very well kept and the beach is perfect! Lots of palm trees for shade and you can walk for miles. The Colonial buffet is really very good with a huge selection. All of the cold foods were kept on an iced surface and the hot foods constantly were replaced. The a la carte restaurants were not nearly as good as the buffet. We only went to them for a change and to be served. Beds and pillows are really too hard, as the other reviews said.The room was very clean, despite the Mildew/Lysol smell that I always notice in the caribbean. We went on the outback safari tour to see more of the Dominican country side. It was very informative and lots of fun, but too many stops to buy trinkets (all owned by outback safari) and the included lunch was bland - not the spicey dominican food promised. Brush up on your spanish - english is not often spoken and americans were in the minority. Lots of Germans, French and Italians. Be prepared to see topless ladies at the beach. We took a walk up the beach to the flea market and had fun haggling for price. Thought we got a good price and them found the same things at the airport shops for about the same price!! Remember not to drink the tap water, and be warned that Montezumas revenge got me on the plane home and it can get you!! All in all a nice place with a beautiful beach.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SuMerry
<Content>Fantastic time       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dini0005
<Content>We have been robbed WE HAVE BEEN ROBBEDWe just return from Riu Bambu, Punta Cana, after 10 days, July 2nd to 11th it was the 4th Apple vacation experience in the Caraibe and I have to admit the worst one. The problems start after we got home.As soon as we got home we started unpacking we realized that we HAVE BEEN ROBBED, my diver watch, my perfume, my son鈥檚 perfume were missing.It is the last day in Riu Bambu, my son went to the beach, and my wife and I star preparing the luggage for returning home. We packed everything and hung the DND (do not disturb) sign on the door and went to have breakfast. After breakfast, pick up my son from the beach, return to the room, make sure we have everything, took our suitcases and went to the airport. In the short period of time that we had breakfast, the house keeping lady got into our room despite the DND sign on the door, she took the time to open ad least one of our suitcases and look inside the cosmetic bag and than my diver watch was in his case wrapped in a towel for protection against unnecessary socks. There is no other way my watch and the perfumes could have been stolen any other place. During the vacations we tipped the house kipping lady every day $ 2 but looks it was not enough. In hindsight I noticed every day some liquor was missing from room mini bar, not a big deal I said to myself and I did not make any complain. I realized they are poor people so her husband can enjoy a free drink every night. Now I see clearly that it was not just that liquor that was being stolen.Our lost in this vacation was $ 500.About the resort鈥?25 to 30 years old, 3 stars with a huge 5 stars price.Beside the beaches some of the bars and the dinner time at the buffet everything else sucks big time. Lunchtime it was like in a sauna, no air conditioning. Same with the other restaurants open only for dinner with reservations only NO A/C.Food was good.Please be aware of the first timer鈥檚 reviews. You cannot write a review unless you have something to compare with, you can write comments and personal impressions. If you like more info e-mail me:dini0005@gmail.com  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	5	1	2	

<Author>Sun_chaserNewYork
<Content>Overall, we had a nice time We traveled to the Riu for our first wedding anniversary. When we arrived check in was quick and easy, and were greeted with tropical punch. The room, we thought was average. Nothing special, no frills. But who spends that much time in the room anyways. The room was always kept very clean. The minibar was a nice touch, with a selection of liquor and sodas kept cold in the refrigerator. We would have liked that the room included and iron, for those wrinkled traveled clothes...but that was our only complaint about the room. The food was all in all ok. We ate at the colonial buffet every meal. We looked at the menus for the a la carte restaurants at check in, but found that the selections werent what we liked, and there wasnt much to choose from. The selection was pretty much the same everyday at the buffet with a different kind of meat every dinner meal. There were two theme nights for meals, which were a nice change of pace. There was a mexican night where they served tacos and fajitas for example. And the other theme night was a barbeque. They had all sorts of cookout meat. Chicken, pork chops, hot dogs, hamburgers. That was our favorite meal of them all. They had a good amount of food to chose from, but if you didn't happen to like what they had, the selections never really changed. So I pretty much ate pizza and french fries all week. It kept me full, so I was happy with that. Breakfast was my favorite meal. They had fresh juice made in front of you every morning, a nice selection on the buffet, and fresh made doughnuts and omlettes. The beach had to be my favorite part of the vacation...but that is what you go there for. The beach was absolutely beautiful. A nice breeze helps keep you cool. Although the beach is the only place that you can get a breeze. It is soooo humid in the dominican. I would say that a drawback of the resort was that the only place in the resort that is air conditioned is your rooms. The colonial restaurant can get very hot and humid. Especially during the lunch meal. It makes it very hard to eat when it is so hot. We actually went to our room for a quick rest after lunch everyday just to escape the heat for a bit. But, the resort really keeps their beach in gorgeous shape, and there is always workers out and keeping up the whole resort. Whether it be trimming trees, cleaning, or painting. Being american, we sometimes felt a little alone at the resort while we were there. It was not often that we came across anyone that spoke english. Not only the resort staff...but the fellow guests. There were guests from many countries...Germany, Poland, Spain. But I would say that we were a minority at this resort. It was hard for us to find someone to talk to. But we made the best of it. Being a younger couple, we would have preferred there be less children there, after all there were a TON of children there. We knew what we were getting into when we booked at the resort, but we didnt think that there would be that may children. All in all we had a really nice time. I know it seems like I was negative about things. I just wanted to let anyone know about things if they were planning a vacation. This resort is great for a budget getaway. Thats what we wanted. We got to spend a week on a beautiful beach away from the daily routine. We came home happy and rested. That was our goal, and this resort served that purpose.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stork1847
<Content>Don't Believe the Negativity OK, so I was planning a five-year anniversary excursion with my wife and found trip advisor to be helpful. Every place I found had some negative reviews, so I used my gut and went with the Riu Bambu. My wife and I just returned and while we did have very few complaints, the overall experience was fantastic.For anyone saying they had a bad experience I would like to meet them. Either they are use to Paris Hilton type treatment or they simply don't know how to have fun. When we checked in, we were greeted immediately by a young lady serving refreshments. The staff checked us in and took our bags to our room with no problem. I only speak English and had no trouble. You don't evenn have to convert your USD to Dominican Pesos as everything like cab rides from airport accept USD for cash.The rooms were a little small and did have typical Caribbean smell, but nothing like some of the reviews I read. The mini bar was stocked with local liqours, but who cares? The full service bars with much better atmospheres were only 100 yards away! The lobby, main resturant, bar area, entertainment stage and pool are all IMMACULATE. Simply gorgeous and well kept. You will not have ANY trouble finding picturesque photo opportunities as the whole resort is magnificent.We were told by our cab driver that $10 US will feed his family for an entire week. I say this because even if you tip a couple of dollars, the Dominican staff will not forget your kind action and will do anything to please you. They don't hound you at all for any money whatsover, but when you do tip them they will thank you heartily. So we tipped the room attendants, the bar staff and our waiters and had no complaints about the service. The bartenders were so, so friendly and the island cocktails (Dr. Funks are a must!) are super tasty and perfect for 90 degree heat. Never watered down, but again we tipped!The beaches are breathtaking. We had no problems finding chairs at 11AM as some people have suggested. If you bring your own containers as we did, the bar staff will be happy to fill them for you. As for activities, there are two other resorts in the Riu Complex that you can also visit. We found the Bambu the best of the three, it was the best looking and seemed to be the most fun. You can go windsurfing, sailing, snorkeling, play volleyball and soccer on the beach, sea kayaking, paddleboating all for no extra charge. Anything like parasailing, scuba diving, etc. will cost extra. The free scuba in the pool is really just a sales pitch for the scuba excursions which cost money. Definitely get one of the boats and go out to the shipwreck which is very visible from the shore. Good stuff.Only complaints were the smell in the Mama Juana (the lunch/afternoon snack hut), which is also the Steak House at night. It had no walls, thus no AC and so we opted for the main Colonial restaurant for lunch and dinner. Food was great, we ate like Kings. Wine is so so. Nightly entertainment is in all Spanish. A lot of it is music so you can enjoy it anyway, but we expected to be in the minority since we were in a Spanish speaking country! So not really a complaint. Finally, night life. The Discoteque club is actually pretty nice. It's mainly young people looking to hook up, but the music/lights/dance floor are pretty nice. We were never approached by drug dealers or prostitutes as I read in one review. The casino is nothing spectacular but sufficient for any of you who like to gamble. We met a couple from Buffalo who told us they had stayed at a Sandals a year earlier which they said was better than the Bambu. But they also admitted that the price difference does make the Bambu the much more attractive trip! They didn't think the Sandals was that much better if you understand. You get one fantastic deal at this resort, I would definitely recommend it to others and go back someday!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>JLSC
<Content>Upgrade to the Palace!!! We booked a two week vacation to Punta Cana, staying at the Riu Bambu. We chose this hotel as we had stayed in it 5 years prior and had a GREAT time. But since the construction of the Palace Punta Cana, located next door to the Bambu, the Bambu has lost its appeal and pales in comparison. As soon as we checked in, we were forced to move to two different rooms as the air conditioning in the rooms didn't work. The room we finally ended up in did have air conditioning but it was VERY weak. None of the restaurants in the hotel have air conditioning so we would be sweating as we ate dinner.The food at the hotel was very bland and selection was limited. We basically ate pizza and fries everyday. The entertainment at night was enjoyable but where they put on the shows is enclosed but without air conditioning. This made it unbearable to sit through an hour-long show. During the first week of our stay we were given a complimentary dinner at the Palace Punta Cana. After eating there we knew what we had been missing. The palace has beautiful restaurants with great food. All of the buffets and A La Carte restaurants are air conditioned making dinner very comfortable. The pool was amazing, the drinks were much better and had more selection ,and the entertainment shows at night were in an air conditioned theatre. After our experience there we paid the extra money and moved to the Palace Punta Cana for the second week we were there. All in all, you get what you pay for. For us, being there for two weeks, it was DEFINITELY worth it to pay the extra money and eat better food, have better drinks and overall, better service. The Riu Bambu is listed as a 5 star hotel but is far from a five star. I would rate it a 3 1/2 Star if that.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamierenn
<Content>Good Budget Resort My husband and I traveled to the Riu Bambu from June 25 through July 4th, 2007. We had a great time and came back much more relaxed and much more tan than when we left. Our goal for this vacation was to pay about $2000 total for a 10-day trip to Punta Cana. So, with that budget, we were not looking at the 5-star resorts. We stayed at the Riu Palace Mexico two years ago, andthat was spectacular. For this trip we were on a tighter budget but still wanted 10 days to relax on a beautiful tropical beach.The Riu Bambu delivered that very well. We paid about $2200 total for non-stop air from Baltimore and 10 days all-inclusive at the Riu Bambu. Budget-wise, this resort was fantastic. The beach was stunningas expected, and we had a great time, all around.As with most 4-star resorts, some stuff was fabulous, and some stuff was not so fabulous. I鈥檒l try to give an honest account. But, please keep in mind that overall, we had a great time and got exactly what we expected given our budget. Beach: Gorgeous. Plenty of sun and plenty of shade. Plenty of loungers at all times of day. The beach was quite clean, but there isa small amount of seaweed in the water all the time. Not a problem, just something to note. We took out a pedal boat for an hour one afternoon (it was free) and this was really fun. Food: Good. We both always found things to eat without any problem. Mexican night was our favorite. We both got mildly sick toward the end of our ten days, but nothing too awful, and from all the people we talked to, this is pretty much par for the course when you travel to the Dominican Republic. Dining Room: Not so good. My biggest issue with this resort was the heat in the dining hall. The dining room is not air conditioned, which is not a huge deal at dinner, but gets to be really uncomfortable at lunch. We figured out that it was cooler to eat at the outdoor tables during lunch, which helped a lot. But, the lack of a/c definitely made things uncomfortable at lunch. I do want to say that the resort did make a real effort to keep the food at safe temperatures 鈥?the hot food was always hot and the cold food was always cold. Drinks: Again, not so good. They had 4 types of frozen drinks in machines at all of the bars. When these machines were working and thedrinks came out frozen, they were excellent. However, most times these machines were not working and the frozen drinks didn鈥檛 come out frozen at all. This would have been only mildly annoying if it had happened once or twice, but this happened more often than not. That said, the Banana Mama鈥檚 are fabulous when they are actually frozen 鈥?my favorite drink by far. Room: Good. It was basic and small, but it was clean and served its purpose just fine. We were on the first floor in building #3, which is a good location 鈥?close enough to the beach and the restaurants, but not right next to all the noise. We had no problem at all with the room.All in all, we got to relax on a beautiful Caribbean beach for 10 days at a nice resort for just over $2000 total. Not a bad deal! For what we were looking for, the Riu Bambu was great. If I were going back with a bigger budget, I would choose a different resort, but if you are on a budget, this place is great.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TorontoKitcat
<Content>Riu Bambu needs new beds Awesome beachLoved the resort - only complaint were the hardness of the beds and the rock pillows. Heard this from other people too so wasn't just our rooms. We also needed an extra bed as there were three people in our room - they gave me a single bed that sagged in the middle. Really was not up to our expectations for a 5 star resort. The others travelling with us had very little air conditioning in their room throughout the week. Food was the typical all-inclusive - and we've been to plenty of them. Breakfast was good and dinner had no complaints. Lunch needs to be varied more - same every day - but typical of everywhere else we have stayed. A la carte restaurants were mediocre - buffet is better for dinner. If you want a bar/snackbar on the beach this is not the place for you - there wasn't one. Bathrooms are also back at the main complex. Found the pool too small and crowded for the size of the resort. Both my daughters got a mysterious rash and I suspect it might have been from the pool. Lots of palm trees and shade though - always a good thing - but hard to find a chair unless you get up before 7:00 a.m. Day trips we booked through the Sunquest agent were not worth the money. Don't go deep sea fishing. For $90 they put you on a rickety boat for 4 hours - suckng in diesel fumes - and didn't catch a thing. Not fun.We were lucky to have a room close to the main lobby - make sure you ask or you will end up in the back forty and it's pretty far. Overall, despite the above, we had a good time and would consider going back if they fix the beds.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>SwankyEyecandy
<Content>Feb Wedding 2007       The Big Dip  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>muddysuzi
<Content>I was not impressed It has been a year and a few months since our trip but I remember it like it was yesterday. Our trip was January 29-February 5th 2006 and it was for our HONEYMOON which makes this review all the more important. We are ages 30 and 34. Prior to this I have stayed at the Riu Cancun and the Barcelo TuCancun in Cancun Mexico and LOVED it! It was my idea to go to Punta Cana, because our travel agent said everything in Cancun was destroyed by the latest hurricane (that is the last time I ever listened to a travel agent), but I did some research and we were really looking forward to it. Especially since we would be on our honeymoon here. Let me start by saying I come from a very down to earth family from Tennessee. I grew up on a dairy farm and can find the good in anything. Airport-- was fine, no problems here. You have the usual luggage pushers that are very pushy and try to take your luggage away from you so they can get a tip later. We sternly but politely tell them no. Immigration was a joke, my husband asked a fellow american later (very hard to find by the way) -- did we go through immigration at the airport? They said yes it was the desk where the guy looked at your papers and waved you on through. Check in--No problems here but we were a little disappointed with the location of our room. We were on the ground level and no view of the ocean. I had hoped since we were on our honeymoon we would get agood room but there was none. The fridge is basically a cabinet to hold drinks in...it was never cold. Everything else was great about the room. Loved the beds, I sleep better on those firm ones anyway. Restaurants--The information we were given about the buffet restaurants was very confusing. We know enough spanish to get by and speak it when the opportunity is there but this was the most backwards set up I had ever seen. We ate at the buffet one night and made reservations at the resort restaurants the rest of the week. THIS IS THE WAY TO GO!! We LOVED the reservation restaurants and felt very pampered by their service. I am just a country girl and never had a dinner quite this spectacular! The table was set to the nines and candle lit for romance. You would choose from an a la carte menu and all of the food was EXCELLENT at these restaurants and made to order. We ate at the Caribe Grill and Mama Juana's. The vino was drinkable but not what I am used to...but it was nice to drink as much as we wanted at no extra cost. We would always slip our waiter a $5 (or more if he was extra attentive.) For breakfast and lunch the buffet's were fine and we could always find something we liked. We thought the coffee was AWESOME. I read a review where they said it was instant. If it is I am highly surprised and want some in my kitchen cabinet. LOVED the coffee! Beaches and Pools--I don't do pools when I have a beach nearby (I dont' have a beach in Tennessee but we do have swimming pools) but from what I saw they were completely full anyway. The beach was amazing. Always very clean and peaceful. The palm trees remind you that you are in Punta Cana and that you are in paradise. The water was gorgeous and nice to swim in. One thing to watch out for is the gardeners that are passing through and picking up the coconuts that fall from the trees. We made the mistake of making eye contact with one of them and he asked us (in so many spanish words that we could recognize and motions with his hands) if we wanted him to cut it open so we could eat it. We said yes and he did with this huge machete. After he gave it to us he holds his hand open for a tip. We had no money with us and my dear husband had to run to the room while I was left there to try to talk to a man who spoke ONLY spanish and was holding a very sharp machete. We will NEVER do that again!! Later in the week I saw another gullible tourist that fell for the same thing. I felt like a big dummy. General experience--I didn't realize I would be so out of place there. There were very few Americans and I too felt that they treated us badly just because of where we were from. The front desk personnel never had time to answer our questions and when they did they tried to act like they did not understand what we were saying or they rushed us along. I am always a patient and courteous person and I was appalled by how I was treated here. I could always sense irritation by the bartenders or wait staff because I was American. Yet the europeans were treated far better than we were. I was honestly dumfounded that I was treated this way here and it leaves a very bad taste in my mouth for the region and the hotel. Also there were two seperate occasions where the power went out at the resort. It was out for HOURS. We were also told by the front desk it is not safe to leave the resort and not to be on the beach at night. I would have loved to experience some of the culture without being required to pay $100 or more for a day trip. So we didn't venture outside of the resort area's...we walked to the other Riu resorts of course...without these places we would have went stir crazy. In closing....this was a very disappointing honeymoon and I will not be back. Recently a good friend of mine said she was thinking about going to Punta Cana. She had her mind set on it until I told her of my experience. She decided to go to Cancun Mexico instead. So in the future I will spend my thousands of dollars in Mexico where they are appreciative of tourists from the USA. April from Tennessee, United States of America  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>p63w
<Content>Go, you wont be disapointed :-)       so warm  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bigrob77
<Content>A great vacation! If you need a fancy resort with a lots of high-end touches this isn't the place for you. If you're looking for a fun, relaxed, casual holiday then you can't go wrong with the RIU Bambu. The beach is absolutely amazing with more than enough loungers for everyone. One big thing I noticed on a very long beach walk was how much cleaner the RIU beach is compared to other resorts(the Iberostar complex next door).The rooms are small but clean. Yes, they do need to be renovated but I didn't spend much time there. The mini-bar is great and is replenished every two days.The food was very good. The Colonial buffet was great. The hot food was very hot and the cold food was cold. This resort cares very much about food holding temps. There wasn't any fancy seafood like losbster, crab, or shrimp but you won't go hungry. We tried all three alacarts. Only the Caribe Grill next door at the Palace Macao is worth the extra effort.The bartenders and Animation staff were all super. They were all extremely friendly and wanted everyone to have a great time. The RIU Bambu had the best Animation team of all the resorts I have visited. I also noticed the resort management were much more friendly to resort staff and guests than other places I have been. The Monster Truck tour is excellent. It's a whole day tour but worth the time and the $85. You get to see how Dominican's really live. A big difference from the beach areas. My guide, Jose Lito was the best excursion guide I have had while on vacation. Take candy and pencils for the children. Give some extra to the Hatian kids, they need it more. The 2 hr. snorkeling tour by Scuba Caribe was also good.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Crozzer
<Content>Oh My God I Love This Hotel ! The Riu Bambu is a Riu 鈥渃lub hotel鈥?鈥?this means that it has a laid back, casual atmosphere with the emphasis on fun and relaxation, compared to the more formal and grand nature of the two 鈥減alace鈥?hotels found on the Riu complex at Punta Cana. The Bambu is a lively fun hotel with always something going on from music and fun games in the pool to learning the Merengue on the beach. The hotel is ideal for people of all ages and families. The hotel is very well kept, clean and tidy and the staff are all very friendly and willing to please, everyone greets you with a cheerful 鈥淗ola!鈥?The rooms are spacious and reasonably furnished with plenty of wardrobe and drawer space. Each room has its own bar and optics with local rum, gin, vodka and whisky 鈥?plus beer, Pepsi and 7 Up and water. The drinks are replenished every other day as is the water 鈥?you get a gallon a time 鈥?take a funnel to top up individual water bottles to take out with you. The maid service is daily and she will keep the room clean, make the beds, fresh towels every day and clean the bathroom 鈥?tip a couple of dollars every so often and we seemed to get better quality towels and some 鈥渢owel art鈥?too which was nice. Room security seemed ok, but we always used the room safe for valuables. No problems with the plumbing and everything worked fine in the room. There is a TV 鈥?but not many English speaking channels, but then why do you want to know what is going on back home when you are on holiday 鈥?OK maybe for the cricket score and to see what terrible weather they are having ! There are no English newspapers available in the shops either, but there is an internet room if you really want to know what is going on back home or want to keep in touch via e-mail. The voltage is 110v and there is only one plug in the room 鈥?strangely in the bathroom, so make sure any electrical products or mobile chargers and camera battery chargers can run on dual voltage 鈥?if you have trouble Reception are happy to charge your phone batteries etc for you at no cost ! Air con and fans in the room all worked ok but there are no blankets on the beds so it tended to get chilly at night if you left the air con on full blast. The food is fabulous ! The choice at breakfast was amazing everything from fresh fruit smoothies to porridge, you will not go hungry. Lunch (if you can manage it after the breakfast) was also very good. It tends to be more snacky with a salad bar, pizza, toasted sandwiches, selection of hot and cold meats, pasta etc and a selection of cakes, desserts and fruit. For dinner you have 4 choices 鈥?the main buffet in the Colonial restaurant usually had some sort of theme night 鈥?Caribbean, Mexican, etc but the choice was huge and even the most picky eater would find something they liked. The other a la carte restaurants you need to book for 鈥?book at breakfast on the day you want to eat 鈥?book early as places are limited. The Caribe restaurant is the one on stilts just on the beach 鈥?nice atmosphere, table service, but the menu is a bit limited 鈥?eat there twice and you have exhausted the menu 鈥?a nice piece of steak tho鈥?but if you don鈥檛 like it 鈥渂loody鈥?ask for it well done. The other two venues are the steakhouse and the Italian 鈥?the steakhouse was ok, food was good with no problems. Didn鈥檛 bother with the Italian as you could always make up a pasta dish at the Colonial buffet.The hotel grounds are well established, palm trees everywhere, so plenty of shade as well as sun around the pool and on the beach. You can walk freely between all the hotels on the complex and eat and drink in them all except the two Palace hotels where guests have to wear an 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?wrist band.There is loads of entertainment going on around the hotel 鈥?the animation staff work their socks off and must do a 14 hour day 鈥?everyday ! There are lots of fun games to get involved with all day from Merengue dancing on the beach, beach volleyball, boules, horseshoes, darts, archery, ping pong, bingo, aqua aerobics, and crazy pool games. In all games the winner gets a prize 鈥?bottles of rum, bandanna, T shirts, and baseball caps 鈥?it became quite a competition to see who could accumulate the most prizes ! If that is not enough you can play tennis, 5 a side football, badminton, water polo or try scuba diving in the pool all free ! Then there are the watersport activities on the beach: canoes, kayaks, banana boats, sailing dinghies, windsurfing, paragliding, or just a plain old swim in the sea or walk along the beach for miles ! There is no excuse for boredom at all ! Kids are very well catered for too, they have their own separate activity programme and were very well supervised and organised by the animation staff. The evening entertainment was fun 鈥?don鈥檛 expect a West End or Broadway quality production 鈥?it鈥檚 amateur, the format is the same every evening, but they put their heart and sole into entertaining you and that makes it kind of good. There are a few shows that stand out: the Michael Jackson show, Grease and the Cabaret show stand out as particular highlights and all are fine for the kids too. Beware you cannot escape from 鈥淐otton Eyed Joe鈥?and 鈥淲ho let the dogs out鈥?! Shopping is limited, the hotels and Caribbean street do have a selection of shops for souvenirs: shells, wooden trinkets, T shirts, shorts, jewellery and cigars etc 鈥?but there is not much to spend your money on so it makes it a nice cheap holiday. Turn right and walk along the beach and you will come to the beach huts 鈥?the same kind of stuff but you get to haggle 鈥?aim to pay a quarter of the original asking price 鈥?and walk away, they won鈥檛 let you go if they think they are even going to make $1 profit !There are plenty of excursions to do 鈥?they do tend to be a bit pricey, however, so choose well to get value for money. We did the Monster Truck Safari $99 (拢57) per person for a full day including lunch and drinks all day 鈥?including Monster Truck Champagne (Rum  7 Up). This was a good trip getting you out to see the real Dominican Republic 鈥?how the locals live, where the kids go to school and the trips help to support the local schools too 鈥?a good one for the kids to see how other children live outside the UK ! A good fun day out. The other trip we did was the Saona Island adventure. This was $145 (拢84) for another full day. It was a long day and an early start with a 3 hour coach journey before you begin the fun bit. The Italian village is pretty and you can wander around for an hour, have a coffee, take pictures etc. You then walk down 300 steps to the river and get on a paddle boat for a ten minute trip to the mouth of the river where you transfer to a speed boat. This takes you for about 45 minutes along the coast and is great fun and the best bit of the day. You stop at a sandbank for 20 minutes and have a rum and coke then its back on the speedboat to the island. You get there for a buffet lunch and have about 3 hours on the island 鈥?do walk along the beach otherwise you will see nothing, and its very worthwhile. Then you transfer to a catamaran and sail back to the mainland for about an hour which is a nice pleasant cruise along the coast. It鈥檚 a long day, lots of getting on and off boats, not a lot to keep the kids entertained, and boy does it get hot ! Hats and strong sun cream are a must !The Bambu was a great hotel. The people were very friendly, the place is lovely and I鈥檒l be going back to Dom Rep !  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>juanjesus39
<Content>Everything OK but the room we just got back from our 6 days vacations. take my advice and get your own pillows. the rooms are terrible, very small, including the bathroom. the worst mattress and pillows i had in my life.the rest of the resort is OK. the food is good at the colonial. the service there is is very nice. i cant say the same for the Caribe grill restaurant. We got 12 minutes late to our resevation and they did not give us our table. Very rude and unprofessional.The beach is beautiful and the pool and enterteiment is Nice.the price is much lower than other resorts. but next time i'll go to a different resort.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	5	1	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>MiTierra106
<Content>The time of my life!!!!!!!!! Im a single mother and I traveled with my 8 year old son. The Riu Bambu catered to all our needs. Both of us had the time of our lives. We did some things together but many times he would leave me to join superviced group activities. We loved it so much we are returning in Aug. for a 10 day stay!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>POUSSIN26
<Content>Tropical Paradise After reading so many reviews, good and bad, I was having doubts about choosing this hotel and if we had made a mistake by booking a two week holiday to this resort. Well I'm so glad we did! What a paradise! The Beach: We've travelled quite a bit as a couple and as a family, been to many places in the carribean and I have to say I'm always impressed with the pools and grounds more than I am about the beach...But let me tell you, the beach at the RIU has to be the most beautiful beach I've seen. Palm trees everywhere and enough sun loungers for everyone.Hotel Grounds: Very well kept, clean to the max. No mosquitos, charming pools.Rooms: Extremely clean but small and a little outdated; could get renovated a bit especially the standard room bathrooms but overall, comfortable enough for a family of 4. Closet space is quite big I must admit. Mini Bar always refilled. Staff: Sooo friendly. Try getting a couple of Spanish words in a conversation, they will appreciate the effort. These people work very hard for the few bucks they get, a few dollars for tipping during your stay will be appreciated I can assure you.Food: Buffet food seems to be repetitive; however, during our two weeks we did not find that the same recipes were being served except for the two theme dinners that are the same every week. I'm no fussy eater and really enjoyed the food, well cooked and hot. For Dinner in the main dinning room, they have two seattings, one at 6:30 and the other one around 8:30. The food is fresh and hot for the first seatting and is being replaced for the second seatting, so it's quite safe. My husband is a picky eater and was impressed with the buffet. The 脿 la carte restaurants were not a winner with us, but remember you are in DR, it is a third world country, besides, you are on holidays, relax and enjoy, at least you didn't have to cook and do the dishes for that matter!!!Entertainment: These guys are so energetic, they must work at least 12 or 14 hours a day and believe me when they sing along the song I love my Job I seriously think they mean it!! They might not be Las Vegas Show category but they deserve recognition. They love the tourists and they really aim to please and want you to have a good time without harassing you. Well this being said and done, if you ever hear about the song I want to go... I want to go to RIU You'll understand why!We are going back in two days for another two week stay, hopefuly, I'll have another great review to write upon my return and not a year later like this one!Remember the name RIU BAMBU when you book your next vacation and just remember, RELAX, SIT BACK AND ENJOY!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vam0m
<Content>great vacation at RIU Bambu We booked a 5 night stay at the RIU Bambu after reading many reviews on Trip Advisor and feeling this would be the best value. We booked ours through US Airways vacations online. What a great trip and resort!!!! For the money, I don't think you could ask for more. Accomodations: Our room was clean, cool, and comfortable. I like how this hotel is many different villas with about 10 hotel rooms in each versus one large building. Our balcony was nice and though it didn' t overlook the water the palm trees and grounds are beautiful. Beach: Beautiful, large, white sand beach. You could walk forever in either direction which I really enjoy (and you don't always find that at the resorts in Mexico). Plenty of lounge chairs. The people watching is second to none!!!! You just see all different types at a resort like this and some are topless. The beach was very windy but we got used to it, and its warm enough that you don't mind the wind so much. No good snorkeling off the beach though. Food: We found you could always find something good to eat from the many many choices in the main dining room. This became our prefered eating spot over the a la carte restaurants and the Mama Juana dining area. We especially enjoyed the small outdoor section of the main dining room. We recommend the chips and guacamole the pizzas, the omelettes, the donuts, the mango, and the croissants. As far as buffet food goes we found it pretty good. I'm not a fan of buffets but we always found something good to eat at every meal. Drinks: Ok, so here's the only negative thing to say about the resort...... we usually drink beer and wine and their beer and wine were pretty bad. I'm not picky either. The beer grew on me and I was drinking it by the end, but the wine is awful. Next time I'll bring a few cheap bottles of wine with me. The mojitos are good, try the Dr. Funk (particularly from the bartender at the swim up bar) it tastes like a dreamsicle, their mixed drinks were just fine. I would pack an insulated mug so that any drink you order will stay colder or frozen longer. I highly recommend this resort and from what I could tell the surrounding RIU resorts looked good too. The beach is beautiful and the service is great. Hope this review was helpful; I sure did like having reviews to read when we were booking our trip. :)  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>evefer
<Content>Good for families Just came back from a 5 night 6 day stay at the Riu Bambu. Overall a good vacation. We travel to DR at least twice a year and stay at all different resorts. This time we traveled with our 5 and 8 year old children, and they had a blast. Let me start with the good: Great food, plenty of things to eat for everyone with a great variety. When traveling to DR always bring stomach medicine, everyone's body reacts differently to the food, there are times when I have gotten sick and times when I haven't, it just depends. Great kids programs, they had activies for the kids every morning at 10:30 am, and then again at 3:30. They also had a mini disco for the kids at 8:00 where they go on stage and dance and play a game. Overall a very clean resort. People very friendly. Kids also stay free at this resort. Beach is amazing, water is beautiful.Bad: The rooms are very small and the beds VERY hard. We ended up upgrading to a suite for $50US a night and it was worth it, much more spacious with a living room area and a huge bathroom. They have 2 pools directly next to each other. They main pool has a bar, but I found that the pools aren't really for kids that can't swim. The shallow end is about 5 1/2 feet, so if your kids do not swim - bring floaters. They do have a children's pool but it's away from everything.We walked to the other resorts directly next to the Bambu. The Riu Punta Cana Palace is beautiful! One of the nicest resorts I have seen in the DR, you have to have a bracelet to enter but we definately want to go back and stay there. Nothing really spectacular about the others. If your staying with children, Riu Bambu is probably the best for families. One thing to note is if your thinking of traveling to DR and have never been is to realize that you will be relaxing and not much else unless you select to do some of the excursions which i highly recommend if you think you will get bored at the resort.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>DrydenRy
<Content>Family friendly and Amazing Staff!! We stayed at the Rui Bambu in mid April and we loved it. We had our 2kids, ages 3 and 5 and we really miss the attention the staff paid them daily. This resort has an easy to understand layout that is dotted with the most amazing array of plants. Each day the gardeners tend to the hedges and flowers like they were sculpting clay. The phrase OLA will become your greeting to everyone and you will appreciate the numerous smiling faces of the pleasant staff each day.The beach is the jewel of this trip, make sure you go and get your free rental on a kayak and take a trip out to the abandoned ship on the reef. The water is the most turquoise blue and for a second you may reconsider your citizenship while you float away from shore in the peacefullness of it all.Make this resort high priority on your list. We found the other Riu resorts ok, but the Riu Bambu was more our speed. If you're not in your room much and enjoy walking on the world's best beach...Try Riu Bambu, you'll be back  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mollyamber
<Content>great holiday We have just returned from this hotel after spending a week there. It was a great place to stay, the rooms are very good and are kept very clean. We only encountered a slight problem with our mini bar not being re-stocked every 2 days, however if you spoke to the guys on the mini bar rounds, they would give you all the drinks you needed. We have previously stayed in Riu resort in Peurto Plata, and this resort was very similar in layout and style and the staff equally as entertaining and happy. We found that learning a few basic spanish words went a long way with the staff, but to be honest, there was no real problem with language barriers with bar/waiting/reception staff. The food was great, and there was plenty to choose from and Im fussy! The restaurants were also worth a visit with the Caribe grill being the best both for food and its location on the sea front. There was a nice breeze which you didnt have in the steak house and Italian. Do be warned that you may experience what could be termed as  dominican belly but we believe this is down to over-indulgance rather than anything to do with the food!!!!!!!!The alcohol was free flowing and it certainly wasnt watered down as has been suggested, or at least our heads didnt say that after a few late nights! Our main disappointment was the disco, as although it was free to get in, you had to pay for drinks, which we found a bit off putting in an all inclusive resort. We visited once, and to be honest it seems to cater towards the staff and locals, rather than the tourists. The riu resort in the north also had a nightclub and this was completely free so we felt a bit miffed!Overall we would recommend this hotel/resort as it has everything you need and have found that riu are ahead of other chains when it comes to all inclusive holidays. Dont listen to the moans and groans, its what you make of it and if you want 5 star then book one of the palaces - we werent allowed to use their facilities, but they did look impressive. As one of the other reviews stated, there are few brits at this hotel, and found that the majority of the tourists were from Germany the week we stayed.Off to book the next holiday now!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KatJJ
<Content>Love the Bambu       amazing beautiful beach you can walk for miles  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lara1
<Content>great hotel       beach  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daisylooHamilton
<Content>Great Hoilday My husband and I and another couple stayed at Riu Bambu for 1 week in early April. We have both been to Punta Cana before, but not at the Riu Bambu.The airport arrival was fairly quick and painless, but a little disorganized outside getting to the buses. Once on the bus, it was about 30 minutes to the resort. Check in was very well organized: room key and safe key and a map of the resort was handed to us as well as stickers to put on our bags to show the porter which room to take them to. It took no time before we were in our room, and only a few minutes longer for the bags to arrive. Then, off to the buffet for a late late dinner. That night we were all woken by the screeching sound of the resorts sprinkler system being turned on....next morning we asked to be moved to a new area, and staff was very accomodating. New rooms were nice and very quiet.Room: quite nice, comfortable, clean, nice balcony, free liquor dispenser in room, fridge with water, soft drinks, beer. It was refilled often. Bathroom with tub and shower. Ceiling fan. Screen doors on balcony door. Were on second floor, no musty smell in room at all. We heard some people say that their ground floor rooms did smell a bit musty.Beach: Absolutely gorgeous. I had heard before we went that this stretch of beach is considered one of the best anywhere, and I would agree. White soft sand, turquoise water, lots of palm trees...what more can you want!Pool area: Lovely setting with lush mature gardens. Well maintained. Clean. Lots of chairs. Lots of shade. Near to bars.Food: Food was quite good; and at times excellent. Smoked salmon one night was great. Lots of fresh fish. Shrimp several nights, lobster once. Beef was least good, but still okay. Good pork and chicken. Wonderful freshly made fresh fruit smoothies at breakfast each day. And we must have eaten our own weight in fresh passionfruit over the week. If you can't find food that you like here, it's not the resorts fault, it's you that's the problem.Overall, I would recommend this resort. We had a great time. We would go back again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Rubyjuly
<Content>Disappointed in Riu Bambu I just returned from a week at the Riu Bambu and I have to say I was disappointed with the service.Last year we stayed at the Riu Taino (in the same complex) and loved it so much that we decided to go back to the Riu complex but at the Bambu instead (for a change). The hotel itself was fine - clean, beautifully landscaped, pretty to look at. The maid service in the rooms was also fine - no problems there.The problems arose with the waiters, bartenders and general dining room staff. The food was fine - it was the service.First of all, every day they ran out of something - the first day it was scrambled eggs, then orange juice, then a pasta dish, then ice. I found this to be unacceptable - there are many people standing around - couldn't one of them have noticed that something was empty? At one point, I asked a waiter if there was any more orange juice and he told me it was gone forever. A half hour later it was working again.It was virtually impossible to get a waiter to bring you coffee in the morning or water/wine at dinner. I had no problem getting up to get it myself - after all, it is a buffet - but they notice you near the wine/water/coffee and tell you to sit down - they will bring it to you. I don't know about you, but I like my beverage with my meal, not when I am done with it.Same problem at the bar. If you didn't call them, they would completely ignore you.I had my stash of dollar bills to give as tips, and handed them out freely when deserved, but you have to have some actually wait on you first, and that was hard to do.We did go back to the Riu Taino to see if this attitude was now pervasive, but we had the same great service there as we did last year.Bottom line, I would NOT recommend the Riu Bambu to anyone.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	1	3	

<Author>mcoco
<Content>great time :)       nite entertainment  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluegrassguy
<Content>Great Vacation At The Riu       The Lobby  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hannah1985
<Content>Riu Bambu - great, relaxing holiday! I stayed at the Riu Bambu for a week at the beginning of May, with my two girlfriends (all 21).We had a great time, and i would say the people who have left bad reviews had unrealistic expectations.As others have said it is not a British or American 5* hotel, i would say more like 4 * as it does not have the finishing touches or service (such as bath robes in your room) of a 5*. The Riu palace hotels will provide that sort of service though. The Bambu is very well maintained and clean, we didnt encounter any mosquitos (apart from when we left the hotel to go on a trip). All the staff are really friendly and our hotel was by far the most fun and lively. It also had the best beach by far, with lots of gorgeous palm trees (and we walked for miles past all other hotels) . If i had to describe the look and feel of the hotel overall i would say it was colonial and tropical, it was comfortable and relaxed whilst still luxurious.The drinks are not watered down at all, in fact quite the opposite (watch out for the very strong sangria!). The food was nice and there was a big selection, you would never go hungry in this resort! The only negative i have is that we did all have funny tummys at some point in the holiday. Not sure what this was from as food seemed well cooked and fresh and water was safe to drink....?We didnt try the nightclub as we wanted a relaxing chilled out holiday, which we definately got, but walked past in the day and it looked quite good?We were lucky enough to have great weather although i believe it was quite bad before we arrived. One tip i would say is take plenty of high factor suncream. The sun is so strong and we burnt really badly on the first day, so be careful!If you get the chance you should definately do the day trip to Animal Adventure, its fantastic. Gorgeous setting and you can swim with sealions, sharks and sting rays!All in all i would say this hotel would suit anyone looking for a relaxing fun holiday, in an amazing tropical climate. It really was picture perfect. As long as u have realistic expectations (4*) you will have a brilliant holiday. We are all sufferring from the holiday blues now and our planning to go back soon! (most probably with our boyfriends in tow, as it seemed very romantic there!)  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nicbur
<Content>Can't imagine hating it!!! Ok I will give the good and bad. First I am a travel agent and have traveled all over the place and stayed at hotels rating 2 star to 5 star so I know the standards and differences. First of all the biggest problem most people have when they travel is that they completely forget that they are leaving North America and are often going to third world countries. A 5 star in another country will almost never be like a 5 star here. Our standards for rating are FAR higher than in these other countries. Not too mention the fact that many of these countries are dirt poor and people are working 12-16 hour days for sometimes less than a dollar! So my first advice is to get some perspective and have realistic expectations! Secondly, often people travel with a major attitude problem. If you enter these resorts with the attitude that you are better than these people and that they are there to serve your every whim they will see that and want nothing to do with you. A little kindness goes a very long way.Now for the Bambu specifically.The good:The beach is unbelievable! The best one we've been to in the entire Caribbean and Mexico. It is even better than Cancun because the waves are still swimable and the plam trees mixed in the sand are breath taking. We did have 3 days of very bad weather which then made it impossible to go in the water but that's hardly anyone's fault. You can also walk the beach in either direction for a long long time. However, there are still many undeveloped areas of land where there is extensive algae and coral growth that makes it stink a lot but you just walk a bit faster or don't go that far. We walked over 45 mins in each direction and I can honestly says that the Riu Bambu beach was by FAR the best beach! Also, there is a shipwreck out in the ocean that can be seen from any hotel in this area and it's really neat to see. You can take diving tours to it if you like. Only bad thing is due to the waves there was often sea weed in the water and some bigger fish did come to shore which scared the crap out of me but some people might even like that and it only happened twice. Finally for the ocean, we actually saw whales jumping from our beach! It was beautiful even from very far away. I would definitely take the whale tour next time.The grounds and rooms were by far the best for the regular Riu's. The palaces were of course even more beautiful but honestly way too stuffy for us. You can freely roam every Riu, no one ever stops you, so we toured them all and found the palaces were much more formal. I would never feel comfortable wearing my bathing suit and shorts off the beach and pool areas and when I'm on vacation I don't want to have to be put together in order to go to my lobby and restaurants. They were just too dressy. The Taino looked more run down and dirty than Bambu and Naiboa would be a big disappointment. Very old and shabby looking.The food is the best selection I have ever seen at an all inclusive. Of course it's repetitive but that is absolutely a given at any all inclusive. Also, I don't know what other people are talking about, this place is 24 hours food and drink so no matter what time you get hungry you can get food! There was only one night we didn't like anything at the main buffet so then we just headed to the other buffet. There is food and bars everywhere! Oh and people who say the drinks are watered down are either alcoholics or pissed the bartender off so he watered down their drinks. The drinks are so strong they are almost undrinkable. I'm no lightweight and I often found them too strong too drink.The room was beautiful and clean. However, always try to stay off the ground floor in a tropical climate as bugs (and by that I only mean ants) will find a way in. The beds are incredibly hard but it didn't bug me too much. Our a/c worked really well, often had to turn it off and the musty smell was gone by our second day.For the most part the service is good. I mean you have to consider how busy mega resorts like this are and really if I wanted something and couldn't find a waiter I just went and got it myself (gee, that's tough!). The size of the grounds is amazing. However, if you don't like walking it's ok because the Bambu itself is totally compact and everything is 5 mins or less away from everything. But if you love walking in the beauty of these surroundings you can walk the entire Riu complex for hours. It's really beautiful and relaxing. They have an amazing path along the beach that at night time felt totally surreal. I highly recommend touring the palaces at night too as their lights at the pools are beautiful.The bad...Well, I take everything in stride but i can say it was frustrating that our tub tap didn't work. It literally ran full force all night and kept me awake. We called the front desk but they couldn't fix it till the next day. However, we called the front desk first thing the next morning and they replaced the whole thing that day.Also it is very loud and active at this resort. I would have liked a little more quiet especially at night. However, in fairness our room was literally next door to the lobby bar area where the show ran every night and then they would play music so it was very loud. I think if our room had been further back it would've been much better. I'm not a big complainer so I just dealt with it.The buffet lines do get fairly long but again it's a mega resort.Misc:We traveled into Punta Cana to go to another resort for a wedding. It was a 5 star called Bavaro Princess and from what we saw at this hotel and many others we passed by, the Bambu is in much better shape. Honestly the Bavaro didn't even compare to the beauty and cleanliness of the Bambu. Their restaurant's buffet was a bit better but I would never stay there after seeing the Bambu. The only plus to that resort was that it was actually in the town so you could leave the grounds and walk around. Unfortunately the Bambu is no where near the town so if you want to venture in you have to get a cab. But they aren't too expensive, depending where you go it might be about $15 us each way.We had three straight days of rain and horrendous wind and the hotel staff did everything they could to keep people occupied and having fun. Yes, they are sometimes cheesy but this isn't broadway. The resort can be as big and busy or small and accessible as you like.If you care about the cleanliness and beauty of your hotel I did not see any other that compared to the Bambu or the palaces so spend the extra money. I never go back to the same place twice and can honestly say that when I return to Punta Cana I'll likely go back to the Bambu! Remember you get what you pay for and even then you are paying for a tropical, third world country! Enjoy this amazing place!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>vacation825
<Content>Had an awesome time at Riu Bambu My husband and I just returned from a week at the Riu Bambu. We thought it was extremely clean, unlike some of the things I had read. Safety is NOT an issue at the Riu. There are gates that are guarded day and night and we felt perfectly safe. Food was very good and I was not expecting that. Make sure you have a made to order omelet in the morning and be sure to try the freshly blended juices. My favorite was the one with mango, watermelon, and bananna. Have the bartender make you a Dr. Funk....my favorite drink, by far. The beer was good.....I had read some reviews where they said the beer was awful, but we liked it. The entertainment crew were very energetic and full of life. They LOVE THEIR JOBS. The nightime shows were entertaining, but don't expect Broadway, because these people work really hard all day long and then have to dance on stage, so it's no Broadway material. They really tried hard to entertain and you have to give them credit for that. The kids at the resort put on a little dance and played games every night and it was cute to watch them. We really had a great time. At night, if we were tired, it was always quiet so that we could go to bed early if we wanted to. This was, by far, the most relaxing vacation we have ever taken!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sleaman
<Content>Get What you Pay For       the beach  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Njella
<Content>We loved it.... We spent last weekend at the Riu Bambu but experienced the whole Riu experience as we took at look at the Naiboa,Tiano, and both Palaces because they are all joined by a sidewalk. We loved that part. There is a very safe feeling in the Riu resorts in Punta Cana. Our hotel was perfect for us, middle of the road people. There are the palaces should you wish to upgrade or there are the other two Riu's right there should you wish to take a step down. They are all beautiful. Food was very good. If you didn't like the breakfast buffet in the Colonial, something is wrong with you. There was not one thing I could think of that they didn't have. It was all good too. YUM! Lunches/Dinner were great too. The food in Mamajuana was okay. We started there one day for lunch and ended up at the Colonial where the choices were varied and found something we all liked. FOR GREAT SHOPPING, walk out to the beach, turn right and walk as far as you can see. There is an open air market there that sells everything you could want. Carribean Street is pricey and very boutiquey (is that a word?). Make the trek down the beach (grab a drink at all the Riu's on your way down) and go the Market, definitely.Our rooms were very clean and the staff was very pleasant. This is not a hotel for teens. This is more couple oriented or couples with young children. Drinks aren't very strong at all (that I can remember anyway). Try a mohito (sp), heck try everything on the menu. They were all great. A trip, in the end, has a lot to do with attitude. If you don't end up having a great time at the Riu Bambu, it has a lot to do with you. Remember, a five star in Domincian is not like a North American five star. Heck, you are on vacation, Enjoy. Don't sweat the small stuff. The place is kept clean and the food and drinks are great. WHAT MORE COULD YOU WANT??  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>soospecial
<Content>Would not reccomend Riu I stayed at the Riu Bambu with three girlfriends from April 6-12. The resort itself was beautiful but there was much to complain about. On our last morning there, my friend decided to get a cup of coffee around 6:30-7. She came back to the room histerical and told how she was assaulted by a worker. I immediately went to the front desk with her and requested to file a complaint. The man at the front desk tryed to convince me there were only 3 workers on staff which was absolutely impossible. There must have been at least 150. We saw the man who had touched my friend and called him over where the two men conversed in Spanish which was quite rude. The man at the front desk said nothing could be done until the manager arrived. When the manager arrived an hour and a half later we entered his office. When we told him the story he had the nerve to ask her what she was wearing. At this point I was full on flipping out and explained we were on a beach resort and that a woman's dress in this environment was not an invitation for violation. I feel that because we were younger we were taken advantage of and not taken seriously. The manager insisted that as of noon that day the man would be fired but I highly doubt that. Other then that incident the stay was average. First the food. The breakfast buffet was excellent but the lunch and dinner buffets were either a hit or miss. The snack hut which offered a more informal setting was not the best. Once dinner ended, there was no food available anywhere on the resort for the rest of the evening which was quite disappointing. Secondly, the drinks. The drinks were so watered down that at the bar I'd have to specifically ask for 1/2 alcohol 1/2 mix. Many of the bartenders were unaware of how to make simple drinks. I ordered a kamakazi shot three times and got three very different drinks. At night we would drink at our bar and then travel to the neighboring hotel bar where the scene was much more upbeat and people around our age. I did not like how the pool closed at 7pm. I would not return to the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>bkpwags
<Content>better than reviews we got back yesterday after a7 nite stay and thought it was overall a great trip. the beach was awesome as everyone has said. food was good to ok, always found something we liked and never got sick. remember the shower water is not drinkable so keep your mouth closed. did feel that the americans got a little less service, but then we are the minority in the Domincan. the room was somewhat musty smelling, but not a great big deal. the cleaning people did an excellent job and the animation (entertainment gang) were great. the entertainment guys and gals were there everyday for 12-14 hours. don't know how they did it. was surprised at all the litttle kids running around. did 3 excursions thru the apple reps and they were great. be sure and do the outback trip and if your guide is dannyboy tell him hi. the apple people (adam  louis) were always available to answer our questions. it did take about 6 different calls to get a blanket one day but that was the biggest problem we had. the beer they supply (brama) is really bad.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bobcape
<Content>Terrible Experience this resort sucks they mislead you in all catagories the food is terrible the rooms are tiny and the furnishings are deplorable, the kids club is a joke and the staff are in different i just spent 14 days at the Bambu and will not return, i spoke with 6 other families who felt the same way riu bambu is marketed as a 5 star and this is complelely misleading its a 3 star at best ps the staff lose their ability to speak or understand english consistantly whwen youask for assisitance or need any extras  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>GretchenInPeoria
<Content>Wouldn't go back to the RIU What was good...the staff was friendly and the food was good.What was bad....Went to the disco (which is open to the public), our male friends were approached by prostitutes and a drug dealers that were both persistent. So no more disco.The walls were paper thin and I am a light sleeper so because of the screaming German children at 6:30am, 7am and 7:45am in the echo chamber that is the hallway outside your room, I got less sleep than during a regular workweek. The phone number provided by the agent was disconnected, the only phone number that works rings into the RIU Palace and then you have to ask for Bambu reception then the room number. And sometimes NO one would even answer the phone so I had to make phone calls from my room costing me $80.00 US.The pool bar is good until the kids start jumping around you and splashing everyone while their parents ignore it or are not even around.The activities board is not right and I prefer the resorts that hand out photocopied itineraries because we would constantly have to check the board.Take a watch or some time piece, the maid would turn off the room power every day and the clock would have to be reset.Take big cups...6 oz cups on steaming hot days are worthless.Air conditioner does NOT keep up, room was warm.I have stayed at the Iberostar resort next to the RIU and would book there...at least I got to sleep.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Buckeroo_66
<Content>Don't go there expecting a 5 star resort it is not! We were at the Rui Bambu from April the 6-13. We were a bit disappointed as we were expecting a 5 star resort, this is definitely not a 5 star. We were in Jamaica last year and stayed at the Rui in Ochio Rios, it was absolutely beautiful, nice beach 5 great restaurants a bathroom so clean you good eat off the floor and yes it was newly opened. Well, that is why we choose the Rui hotel as our experience in the past was good. I was quite surprised that so many people on here thought it was great, well, I am assuming they are first time travellers but for the seasoned traveller liking high end hotels you will be disappointed. This hotel is at best a 31/2 star resort. First the hotel room was very much like a typical motel with a few patched up walls the beds were horribly uncomfortable. The food was so so, the nightly entertainment was boring and routine, not much superivised activity for the kids. The gym is old you can forget working out as there is no air conditioning, outdated equipment, only one treadmill, two old bikes which do not work well . The biggest disappointment was that they closed the pools early at 7pm every night . There are only 2 restaurants on the property not 4 as reported, one they use at night for fine dining basicaly they divide it into two sections one for a Steakhouse and one for Italian dining and comes with one menu choice. It is really a waste of time to line up and reserve a booking, we didn't bother. We were also quite surprised that given the amount of English speakers that visit this hotel so few of the staff could converse in basic English. I was not expecting them to be fluent but a few basic English sentences would have been good. Now for the good things about this place. Nice pool and swim up bar but the drinks were not that great, they were all watered down. The grounds are beautiful and well kept, the beach is great with lots of private shaded areas and lounge chairs. Overall I would give this trip a B, wouldn't choose RUI again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>KentGriswald
<Content>Much Better Than Expected ! Reviewer - Trip Advisor member - Kent, UKWe have just returned from the Riu Bambu (4 adults from 4th April - 12th April) and have to say that it was much better than we expected having read plenty of reviews. First and foremost the beach is absolutely fantastic - clean with white sand and plenty of palm trees for shade. The hotel itself was clean and although our room did smell slightly musty the maid service was very good and it was cleaned and the mini bar was re-stocked everyday. All of the staff that we encountered were very friendly and helpful and the Animation team (entertainment) have to be given credit for their enthusiasm even if some of the 'shows' were a bit longwinded. The food in the restaurants was good and although the buffets are a bit 'samey' they do try to vary it a bit with some themed nights. All of the food was well cooked and no-one that we are aware of suffered food poisoning. Overall we were very pleasantly surprised with the standard of the accomodation and the food and whilst within the hotel complex felt very safe and relaxed although I am not sure that this would be the case outside of the hotel grounds.Whilst I would agree that the hotel isn't 5 star it certainly isn't as bad as some reviews have said. The best thing to do is go with an open mind and see for yourself. I'm glad that we did and we will most certainly go back.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mypigissick
<Content>Great Well worth the Money Well after reading the many reviews on the tripadivsor, we were worried about the food, staff and drinks. Well we can tell you this place exceeds expectations. The staff are always singing and cheerful, and can't do enough for the guests. Winston the general manager makes a point of greeting everyone and makes guests feel at ease. The food is great, the breakfasts are out of this world, don't ; leave without trying the omlettes and smoothies YUMMY! Really clean, plenty of things to do, with staff always on the go, rounding up people to take part games. Evening shows good, even though miming the the dancing and acting were great. I would not hesitate recommend this place to families as all are catereted for and welcome. Please go on the safari tours and take along school suppiles (such as pencils, footballs, pads etc) and caps and toys for the children along the roadsides, the tour will really open up your eyes to how the real Domincans live. We are so pleased with the holiday, that we are already planning to revisit the Riu Bambu next year.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crimsonandcream
<Content>Best Vacation Ever       at the bar  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LondonExplorer07
<Content>Better Than expected - Excellent, good fun! This hotel was excellent Value for money. The rooms were clean and spacious, situated within lovely gardens. The room has it's own minibar, the only downside is the supply of bottled water, I would advide to take you own and fill up your own bottles. The hotel is located with all the other Riu hotels and has its own shopping area. If you are after real 5* luxury then I would advise you to book the RIU palace. The entertainment is good fun and the animation team are always working ahrd to keep the guests happy. The staff are really nice and always happy to help. The food was good and desserts were great!!! I would definately recommend the riu bambu.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachLover4ver
<Content>Wonderful Vacation As with some of you, I was a bit concerned about some of the negative reviews, but I just want to say we had a wonderful time. We arrived at the hotel around lunchtime (husband, 11 yr old daughter and myself). Check in was a breeze. I had requested a room on the 2nd floor about a week before we arrived, but when we were given our room key it was on the first floor. We asked if they had anything on the 2nd floor and they changed our rroom immediately and without a problem. The maid was just finishing up our room. It was very clean and we did not have a problem with a musty smell. Our room # was 912. It is one of the furthest blocks but it was very quiet and peaceful.Beach was amazing. Plenty of palm trees and chairs to be found all day. It was windy the first few days, so the beach had a red flag, which meant no water sports. By the third day there was parasailing, snorkeling, banana rides, boating, etc. Pools were very nice. Unfortunately if you want a chair at the pool you had to get up early and save the chairs. All the chairs were saved by 8:30. Weather was beautiful. I was kinda worried because before we left the weather forecast called for a chance of rain everyday. Well, it never rained our entire trip. Yeah!!!There was plenty of food all day long. Some days better than others. Never went hungry. The staff at the hotel are very friendly. Anamacion team is exceptional. Everyone works very hard to make sure you have a good time. Never had a problem communicating with anyone. Although the anamacion team work their butts off, the shows were not the best. But, I really didn't go down there for the shows. We did a couple of excursions thru VIP (they are the funjet rep at the hotel). We did horseback riding on the beach at the Pat Ranch. Amazing. It is an hour horseback ride and most of it is on the beach. The other one was call Caribbean Festival. It was snorkeling and then swimming with the nurse sharks and sting rays. Again, we had a blast. We wanted to do Sanoa Island and the Santa Domingo tours but we didn't want to spend that much time away from the resort. Overall, we had an amazing time. We would go back to the Dominican in a heartbeat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a great time. Would I stay there again? Absolutely.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sunnygirl_11
<Content>I want, I want to go to Riu !!!!       Lobby  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>purplejam
<Content>Good - with a few exceptions We are at the Riu Bambu from March 31 - April 4. We booked our trip through Apple vacations. We were scheduled to leave Chicago on Pace Airlines at 5 a.m. We actually left a little early, and landed a little early in Punta Cana. We had stayed up the night before and were exhausted, so we slept through most of the flight. There was a problem with the audio on the plane and some people couldn't watch the movie. Also, a ridiculous breakfast was served - dry ham and turkey sandwiches and a few grapes.Airport processing was uneventful. Thanks to this board, I knew to say no to the numerous porters who were shouting Apple vacations and trying to take our bags. I proceeded to find the Apple rep, and he directed us to our bus. The bus was already full, so we were placed in a smaller van. The ride to the resort didn't take very long. We dropped people off at Iberostar, then we went to the Bambu.  We arrived before the bus so check in was not crowded. We were greeted with a glass of punch and lots of smiles. The front desk staff were very nice. I thought we would have to wait to check in because it was 11 in the morning, but we were given a room right away. We were escorted along with our bags to our room, #1916.Based on other reviews, we didn't know what to expect. To be quite honest, before we left, I was seriously considering changing resorts (and paying a lot more money) based on the bad reviews for the Bambu. Then I decided that we would go to the Bambu, and if it was really horrible, then we would change.The maid was just finishing in our room when we arrived. There was no musty smell to the room at all. The room smelled fresh, the fan was on as was the a.c. The room was spotless. No mold to be seen. The mattresses looked new. We were very pleased with the location and condition of the room, and have no complaints about the room at all. The beds were a little firm, but nothing like what some people had described in their reviews. I slept great every night.We unpacked, rested a bit and headed to lunch. Lunch the first day was pretty good. Grilled tilapia was the fish of the day and it was good. My daughter really liked the cheese pizza. Lunch on subsequent days was not as good. The food overall at the Bambu is just ok. I did not go to Punta Cana expecting the food to taste like home. Why would anyone go to a different country, a third would country at that, and expect the food to taste the same? The food was different, and that was ok with us. Could it have been better? Yes, but we always found something to eat and didn't go hungry. We did eat dinner one night at Caribe Grill at The Palace Macao and that meal was very good. Tuesday night the front desk called our room and invited us to to eat dinner at the buffet in The Palace Macao. They even paid for a cab to take us there. How nice! The dining room at The Macao was a lot fancier than the Bambu's and the waiters brought drinks to the table. It was Mexican night and the food was pretty tasty. The Macao's main dining room had 2 seating times. This was not the case at the Bambu. We could eat dinner any time we wanted to. After leaving the Macao, my mother went to the Bambu's buffet to see what the difference in food was between the 2 resorts. She was shocked to see the Macao and Bambu buffets were exactly the same. I guess the higher price at the Macao is for the service and ambience.Now for the best part - the beach. As others have said, words cannot do it justice. It is beautiful! It seemed like there was a palm tree on the beach for each person there. There was plenty of shade for those who wanted it (us) and plenty of sunshine for those working on their tans. We never had a problem finding loungers. People did reserve them early in the morning, and we did that one day. The days that we didn't we still found good spots. I would say that we spent about 7 hours on the beach every day. It was so relaxing. My 11-year old daughter didn't want to go to the pool or participate in the children's activities. She liked relaxing on the beach as much as we did. We went for walks everyday along the beach. We walked past Bahia Principe and the Iberostar beaches. I thought the Riu beach the prettiest. The palm trees on the Riu beach were far more attractive then the shade huts that dominated the other beaches. One day we walked past the Iberostar beach to the souvenir huts. Definitely bargain with the sellers. They want to make money and are willing to take almost anything that you offer - within reason. Do not pay their first asking price under any circumstance.Other than lounging on the beach and taking walks, we rode a banana boat one day. Since it was holy week, the water sports were shut down the first few days we were there. Tuesday, the beach became alive with parasailing, sail boats, banana boats, etc.I have 2 complaints regarding the Bambu: the drinks and the nightly entertainment. I am not much of a drinker, so it doesn't take much to give me a buzz. The drinks were extremely weak. I only drank pina coladas and I said with rum, but it was impossible to tell that any was in the drink. The bartenders would make a distinction between my pina colada and my daughter's, so apparently, they put something in mine, but I couldn't tell.The entertainment at night. This is not a slam against the staff, because it was quite obvious that these people were working very hard, and working long hours. We just thought that the shows were pretty weak, and could use some improvement. Also, if you didn't watch the show, there really wasn't anything else to do.Check out was very easy. We left the resort at 9:20 even though our flight wasn't until 1:00. I thought we would have a long wait to go through airport check in and security, but I think the whole process took 15 minutes. We had a lot of time to kill in the airport. Luckily, everyone was there for the flight, and we actually left an hour early. Finally, we did not get sick at all. We didn't use the tap water as advised. Also, one other thing I want to mention. When we opened our suitcases at home, we did not have any strange funk on our clothes that others had mentioned.Bottom line - I say do your research, read the reviews, and go with your gut. Overall the reviews for the Bambu are positive. Unfortunately, the bad reviews are the ones that stand out. Would I recommend the Bambu to others - yes! Would I stay there again - probably not. There are too many other resorts on the island to enjoy. I do the same thing when I go to Disney or Vegas - I try a different resort/hotel on each visit. I can't wait to go to Punta Cana again. It's one of the most relaxing vacations that I've ever had.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goodingfamily
<Content>Wonderful We went to the Riu Bambu in March 2007. My sister and her 2 year old daughter, and our parents.We had a really wonderful time. As usual you just can't knock the Dominicans! They are so lovely and just want you to have a fantastic holiday.The check in was simple and pain free, we had lovely rooms which were really quiet at night. The grounds were kept immaculate and the gardeners and cleaners worked really hard.The food was good with no complaints and a good variety to choose from. The meat in all their dishes was so tender and full of flavour. A bit windy in the Caribbean restuarant which spoilt our night but no-ones fault!The pool with the swim up bar was fab! Beach was lovely and clean also. You could go for lovely long walks along the white sandy beach.Can't find any faults what so ever! Book it, you won't regret it at all.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunloverCambridge
<Content>Great Beach We stayed at Riu Bambu from March 16-23rd 2007. We have travelled to many places. Cruises/Panama/Cuba/Bahama's etc. I found this to be a very nice property however would not rate it as a 5*. I would rate it a 4* with the rooms being a 3. The beds pushed together were very uncomfortable with air conditioning blowing heavily on one side. The rooms were dark and tired looking. We were in the building closest to the lobby room 2410 although convienent for all amenities it was very noisey at night and we had no veiw of anything so no pleasure in the balcony at all. The beach was amazing one of the best we have been to. Having all the palm trees is great for sun and shade lovers. The food was pretty good, they usually had a good variety. Steakhouse was very good. Staff were very friendly. overall it was a good vacation. Wonderfull weather sunny everyday. Went on a dune buggy adventure tour and it was not worth the money. any questions feel free to email me at ewarford5870@rogers.com. enjoy......Elaine and Blair Cambridge Ontario  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Lysia
<Content>Third year at Riu Bambu, can't wait for next year!!       Best vacation ever!!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MickeyPvX
<Content>Absolute Paradise, Whiny Yuppies Need Not Apply       The smaller pool, mostly for kids I think.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ealnid85
<Content>Absolutely amazing A vast majority of the reviews on this site have given the Bambu a 4 or 5(on average). There are some people who gave it a 3, 2, or even 1. Those people must not have been at the Bambu. It was absolutely amazing. The beach was the best I have ever seen. The food was, well, AMAZING! You can make reservations at three places, or you can just eat at the buffett for breakfast lunch and dinner. They also have MamaJuana for lunch and breakfast. It turns into an Italian and Steakhouse place at night. I am not a breakfast person, but even that was great. Some of the choices stay the same, and some of them change. But guess what, they can't change a buffet menu every day just because someone can't choose something different that is already there. Trust me, there is no way a person could eat everything offered at one sitting. Rooms- there is a private bar in your closet. Gyn, Brandy, Rum, and Vodka. Also, you have a variety of drinks in the fridge which get refilled every two days as needed. The showers are nice(not great), bathrooms are middle sized. The rooms themselves are completely fine. They are definitely big enough for two people. The little balcony/porch lends an amazing view. Even if the rooms are not spectacular, I am sure you did not travel that far to stay in your room. YOU ARE GOING TO THE BEACH. The room served two purposes: Shower and sleep(one night we partied with the mini bar). For those who complain about the room-get over it.Staff- very nice. English is spoken by those who need to know English. The groundskeepers are not going to speak English. People working at the desk do. I read some reviews that said the people at the reception did not speak English, NON SENSE. I could walk up to the desk at any time and everyone behind the desk would speak English.. Bar keepers get drinks quickly, maids are there prompt and do a great job cleaning your room. Groundskeepers do a great job. Entertainment staff does a great job at shows and trying to get people to have a good time.A lot of the negative reviews are from people who will complain about everything they possibly can. There were things that did not classify as 5 star, but guess what, they were minimal, and there is also another point: YOU ARE IN PARADISE. The weather, beaches, and attitude there is so carefree. I never had a problem with stealing or being ripped off. If you get ripped off, that is your own fault. Punta Cana is a tourist trap. People are there to make money. The staff will tell you that the cigars they sell are not Cuban make: you just need to ask. Everything at the shop on the resort is extremely overpriced. My group went on the Outback Safari. It was an amazing trip that showed us the REAL D.R. They took us to a shop at the end that sold really cheap cigars and rum. 10 cigars- $15.00. (Real Dom. Rep. Cigars) Bottle of Brugal Rum- $8.00. I saved 20 to $30.00 from the resort. As I stated before, the culture in the Dom. Rep. is not the same as it is in the United States. Expect different things. $10.00 tourist card- one guy complained about that in an earlier review- IT IS ON THE U.S. STATE DEPT WEBSITE: Dont be lazy when taking a vacation that costs a lot of money. Actually get out there and do some research. Overall: My trip was fantastic. The bad thing-I had to come back home. Not everything is positive, but make sure you dont dwell on the negative things while you are there. You can have a great time. There is nothing wrong with just lazing around on the beach. And for heavens sake, FOLLOW THE VAST MAJORITY OF REVIEWS ON THIS SITE. I had my doubts before I went. I read a few peoples reviews and it kind of made me nervous about my decision. In this case, the 98% is completely right. Th 2% just need something to complain about. nealb@vt.edu, ask me anything. I really did enjoy my trip and seeing the real Dom. Rep. Thanks.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DeezNets25
<Content>Fun even though I returned home with an unwanted gift.       There is a nice view of an old beached ship.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLTNewJersey
<Content>Three major complaints We just got back from Punta Cana last nite. I'm glad we went inspite of what I'm about to say. Before I booked our trip I actually went to this site to read the reviews. Everybody was right. My three major complaints were (1) The beds were horrible. Two twin beds pushed together to make a king  you could feel every spring in the matress. A couple we met from the Palace next door said their beds were just as bad, so don't pay more thinking you'll get better. (2) The rooms smelled musty  moldy so bad, the smell didn't go away even with the a/c on. When we got home, I had to wash everything in my luggage twice just to get the terrible smell out. It can't be a healthy enviroment for your lungs.  (3) The drinks were terrible. I never had a pina coloda poured over ice before. And if you did ask for it frozen, they diluted it so much it wasn't worth drinking, so we just gave up. We spent the rest of our trip drinking rum  Pepsi, how bad can someone mess that up? Other than those three things, the beach was fantastic, the setting of the resort was beautiful and the weather was perfect. If you only speak English, fat chance of understanding much. Most of the staff only speaks spanish. The food wasn't bad. Desserts were better than most countries we've been to. Overall? I don't think this resort should be rated as high as it is. They need to work on the accomodations a bit more. Hope this is helpful to at least one person out there.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	3	5	

<Author>SunscreenBoston
<Content>Amazing Journey Riu Bambu what a great way to start an amazing vacation! I read all the reviews for months in advance and was so worried that I was going to have lots of complaints but it was completely the opposite. The hotel is beautiful the grounds are breathtaking. The staff is constantly cleaning and tiding up all over the place. The rooms are standard but very clean. We were put on a 1st floor after asking for a 2nd floor room and the staff couldn't have been nicer about moving us the next day. I do agree with everyone else the pillows are the worst. Bring your own!The beach is nothing like I have ever seen before. The sand is so soft and clean and there are no rocks. The color of the water is dazzling. Now for the food. It's just ok. The first day the buffet looked great but by the 3rd day it got to be the same old thing. We brought lots of our own snacks which helped. I agree with the other reviews about trying the Caribe Grill it was a nice change and the food was good. The resort itself is totally safe. It's a gated community and I never felt uncomfortable. The boardwalk along the hotels is nice for a stroll after dinner. The nightlife is just ok. We wound up just doing our own thing most of the time. I would totally go back to Riu Bambu. It was a lot of fun and I was pleasantly surprised how everything turned out.-Amy and Jared  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irishfan007
<Content>Loved the beach didnt care for the resort, beware of thieves..               
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	2	3	1	

<Author>lovetotravelWindsor
<Content>Had a great time       swim up bar  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lovedogCalgary
<Content>The Best This was our first trip to another country and I am thrilled we chose Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. I read the reviews and made my choice for the RIU BAMBU and am thrilled at the results. The food was excellent and great choices if you are staying for a week. Highly recommend the Caribbe Grill which you have to book, the view is magical. We opted to use the swim up bar only once as the view of the ocean was what we paid to see. Get your beach chairs early because they're gone by noon. Incredibe sunshine, spectacular beaches, beautiful people. I was surprised some people said the staff were a little crabby, I'd be a little crabby if I had to deal with the number of tourists roaming in an out of there. My husband and I found about 95 percent of the staff were extremely friendly and ready with a smile and Ohhhh-laaaa!!. Yet the other tourists were the ones who rarely smiled and seemed crabby. Take that as you may the staff were some of the hardest working people we ever met. All in all, highly recommend going to the RIU BAMBU which was the best out of all 3. We met a few people from other RIU resorts who said that ours was the most fun. One of the most important things to remember, bring your own pillows. That was the best advice we got off the reviews and it sure made a difference. The rooms were not musty at all, and everything in them worked fine. Book now and enjoy a fantastico holiday!!!Stacey and Terry Calgary, AB, CANADA  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>egrun65
<Content>Had a great time at the Riu My family and I just returned from the Riu.(feb 21-28)Before I left I spent alot of time on Tripadvisor and we were quite concerned about a few things.But I would have to say once we arived nothing seemed to matter.We arived to our room and yes it was a bit musty,but we turned on the air and before we could unpack the smell was gone.I fixed myself a drink from the mini bar went out on the deck sat down and could bairly remember the 2 ft of snow we had just left in upstate N.Y.There was four of us so the rooms were a bit cramped,but we were not there to sleep we were there to eat drink and soak up the sun,and that we did.This resort is very family friendly and this is why we chose the Riu our girls are 147 and the had a great time.If your looking for a quiet uneventfull place this is not the one for you .If you want to get involved there are plenty of activities going on all day. The staff did a excellent job keeping you entertained.All of the staff is very hard working and very helpfull but keep in mind English is not there main langauge.If you speak Spanish it is a big help.And don't be afraid to tip them if you are happy with a service the resort says tipping is included,but a U.S. dollar goes a long way.If you can afford to spend the money to take a vacation take along a little extra,to say thank you.We tipped everyone the cleaning staff the food service people and extra for the bartenders.(good tip for daytime drinkers take along a large drink bottle with a straw,we got ours at the local sporting goods store they will put as much alchohol as you desire but you do have to ask.This is a family resort ,our kids were drinking the same frozen drinks as us no alchohol)We all felt the food was great we ate at the buffet every night except one,that night we ate at the steakhouse the food was very good but it took quite a bit longer than eating at the buffet.The buffet always had a big selection of fruits veg,meats,salads and deserts if you can't find somthing good to eat here then stay home.Take along plenty of cash small bills 1's 5's 10's 20's there are venders on the beach and at the hotel.They will all dicker on price don't take the first offer cut it in half and then half again and don't be afraid to walk away they will call you back.Everyone is selling the same stuff.The only real complaint I would have is there is no place at the resort to get cash.And the stores on sight want to give you dominican money in return our first night there we found out we got short changed but did not know it.You can not charge anything to your room,but some stores do take credit I just can't wait to see how much we really spent.All and all we had a great time.Just beware the of the 300lb men in the speedos and our seven year old was up to 38 topless by the time we left. Eric,Veronica,Alicia,Val Binghamton N.Y.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>shezizds1
<Content>only one complaint... We just got back from the riu bambu on wednesday feb 28th and I have to tell you we had a super time. The place is beautiful!!! The staff could not try and be any nicer and the beach is unbeleivable!! We went with people of every age.. there were 15 of us in all starting with 30yr old to 70...I went with my brother and his wife and my mom and a bunch of friends. We arived on Wednesday and started at the bar. We had a great time sitting there meeting people and yes the beer is something that you have to get used to. My hubsand and I are beer drinkers so the first beer we had was something that had to be sipped. We drink Miller light and it was nothing like that!! But we are not in the states!! We went to the Dominican for a change so there it was our first time to experince a new beer.. no big deal my husband had a few bloody Mary's and than the beer .. he had no problem and me I just sipped my beer and got used to the taste. My brother drinks wiskey and had no problem and the rest of our group tasted every kind of drink they made over our week stay with no complaints at all. If you ordered something you did not like it was simple.. ask for something else.. it is a time to try all kinds of drinks and not have to shell our a ton of money for each one and end up not likeing them! The engery that the entermaint staff showed was truley amazing!! They never stopped! They took turns doing the water arobics and the rest would wonder and talk to guest. They always had a smile and no matter who you were they made you feel important and special. Thier memory for faces is another amazing feat. after one day the can remember who you were, where you sat and what you liked to drink !!  The beach was flat and always had plenty of shade right next to someone who wanted sun it was a great arrangment! Our gang would sit all together and the sun worshipers could tan while the bunrt crispy critters could be right there involved with everything going on... The food was fantistic!! I have no idea about some of the people who wrote said that is was bad... none of us ever found a problem with it. These people must be very picky eaters. We ate in all the places and even went back to the itlian twice!! for breakfast they had eggs done every way you can imagine. poached, scrambled, ( two ways one plain and one with peppers and onions)hard boiled, fried, sunny side up, omletts, pancakes, two kinds, french toast, donuts, tomatoes, potatoes, bacon sasuage, ham, fruits, salads, cold meats,etc.... it was all anyone could ask for!!  Now for our one complaint... the kids at the swim up bar... it was the worst we have ever seen in all our years of travel and many trips to Punta Cana and mexico... the pool was plaenty big enough but the little kids were everywhere with no parents around!! They have special places for the kids but because the parents wanted to drink at the swim up bar they brought there kids there and let them roam free... most of the parents were rude and must have felt that the kids could do anything they wanted since they paid for them.. well I smoke and I paid but I had to eat in the special smoking place even though I paid as much as anyone else. The games that they play at the ADULT swim up bar can get to be a little sexual. not bad for adults at all and a ton of fun but for children it was shocking to see how the parents did not care... We have 5 children ages 21 to 12 and I would not like my 12 yr old to watch the adult fun going on or the guest dri king so much and getting crazy. We did complain to the staff and they tried but thier job is to keep everyone happy. To everyone who says well you should have gone to an all adult resort that is true but we have traveled to many other resorts with children and have never ran into this proplem so much. We never thought that it would be that bad. One dad had his 2yr old in the pool who could not swim with water wings on while he was up at the top bar drinking... when my hubsand asked his to please come and watched his daughter because she was splashing and kicking everyone he made a joke and walked right away to go back to drinking!! We were truely worried about her falling out of her wings and getting hurt! Even my mother who had 7 children and loves kids was upset with this one bad issue about this place. We would love to go back to this place because of the beauty and the staff and the fun but until they get the children at the swim up bar under control I do not think we will be back.....  vciki and Jim from Pa a.k.a.  I WANT A HAT!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhilUSA
<Content>Loved it!!! We just returned from a seven day vacation at the Riu Bambo in Punta Cana, Domincan Republic (Feb 15th - Feb 22nd 2007). Before we left, we read many reviews in TripAdvisor and were concerned about what we might find. Some reviews warned that the food was bad, the rooms were musty and the booze was watered down. However, our experience was exactly the opposite!First and foremost, the food was indeed different from what you might be used to if you live in North America but by no means was the food bad. The buffet had a different theme each day and it was easy to find something that suited your individual taste. About the only thing I could say I had issue with was the way they prepared anything beef. They tend to cook beef Mediterranean style so North Americans may consider it over-cooked. It still tasted good, just a bit over cooked. If you like pork or chicken you will be very happy. The chefs did a great job providing variety and originality. We only went to one of the restaurants on the premises (the Caribbean Grille) and the only person that was not satisfied was the person who ordered beef. Regardless of where you go to eat, the staff was wonderful and very eager to please. You just need to remember you are not in your home county and the food will be prepared differently that you are used to. I like to eat and always found something I liked.A few words about the rooms: we found then to be clean, nicely sized and well provisioned including a free mini-bar. They did have a slight musty smell that you would find in any tropical environment. After the first day, you won鈥檛 notice it. However, we took along a bottle of Fabreeze and applied a few sprays to the curtains each day which quickly solved the problem. Other than that, we were very satisfied with our rooms.A few words about the booze: the beer was cold but not the El Presidente brand I was hoping for. The brand they were giving us was still OK. The frozen drinks were fine but (and here is the key) if you did not ask for alcohol, you didn鈥檛 get it. The same frozen mixtures are served to minors so the inclusion of alcohol is not automatic. You can always order something straight -up is you need to (the Barcelo rum is quite good). Once the bar tenders get to know you (and they do so quickly), you will get as much alcohol in your frozen drink as you like without asking. The alcohol is indeed not as strong as you might be used to but to their credit, the resort is filled with happy people, not falling down drunk people that can ruin a vacation. I have been to many all inclusive resorts and I can tell you that the Riu Bambo approach to alcoholic beverages is very good. Afterall, the Bambo is intended to be a family resort. About the beach: absolutely beautiful. White sand, crystal blue water and swaying palm trees. For those who are about to travel there, the half sunk freighter about a half mile off shore has been there for 32 years and is actually a major scuba diving attraction. I was amused by all the different stories I heard from people visiting for the first time.About the staff: very friendly and very eager to please. If you go there wanting to have a good time, they will go out of their way to exceed your expectations. The Riu Bambo Animations staff was always entertaining day and night and put on some very good evening stage shows. The Riu Bambo is the party resort and had the best night life of the four Riu resorts.Bottom Line: it is a beautiful resort with a wonderful and friendly staff. If you go there wanting to have a good time, you most certainly will. The only thing we did not like was having to leave.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KellyandDon
<Content>Amazing Vacation Visited Bambu Feb 9 - 16 with my husband and 2 other couples. We all absolutely loved it. The hotel is beautiful, the staff friendly and helpful. The food was delicious. We loved the home made donuts at breakfast, the fries were the best ( even had good ketchup) , hamburgers tasted just like home, pizza was good, nachos delicious. Lots of different fish everyday. Huge variety for picky eaters like me or for people who like to try new stuff. Good variety of desserts. The specialty restraunts all very good, especially the caribean and Italian ( delicious French Onion Soup) .  The pool always very busy with acitivity but the beach was usually fairly quiet for relaxing. We never had a problem getting chairs at the pool or beach no matter what time we went. Lots of topless at the beach none at the pool.We swam with the nurse sharks and stingrays, it was an amazing trip, saw lots of fish while snorkeling and the party boat is alot of fun, the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>love2travel083
<Content>Fabulous Vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!       What a sunrise!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WelshLadySouthWales
<Content>Fab end to 2006, Even better start to 2007       Great waves  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SnowmanCoalville
<Content>Great time  We really enjoyed our time at the Bambu and yes we would visit again. An excellent 'chill out' hotel and resort. A good hotel, everything clean and well maintained, especially the hotel grounds and beach frontage. Rooms OK, perhaps they could get some better pillows, but everything fine. Remember, you don't go on holiday to watch TV, so stop complaining abou the local TV!Buffet restaurant provided a good selection of food and we ate well everyday, loved the fresh grouper fish  salads. The 'Caribe Grill' was good too, if you book early - 7amish and worth it for a sit down 'al a cart' meal - otherwise with the buffet restaurant you are out in no time.Bars good and always keen to provide you with numerous drinks, esp cocktails. Beer plentiful and ok by me.Beach really nice, great sand and warm sea, what more can you ask for! Worth going paragliding, great fun!Enjoyed our stay immensly and with the weather here in the England not too good at the moment, I wish i was there now! Great company too.Sean  Liz  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>gnantais1
<Content>Had a wonderful vacation!       You could walk for miles  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>helen169p
<Content>loved it! i went here with my partner in nov 06 and it is the best place i have ever been! were do i start the staff are so so friendly! the beach is paradise. I have no complaints about this hotel at all and is the only hotel i would definatly go back to! The food does get a bit repetative after a week put what do you expect from AI. I thought the palace macoa was not worth the money the bambu is 10x better. i thought the excursions were definatly over rated the only one i would reccomend would be driving your own speed boats. we did the trip to saona which didnt really impress me and the mairinarium, swimming with sharks was rubbish, the rep said the pilot said it was one of the best trips he had been on and i can beleive that for one min it was rubbish! there is a scuba caribe shack on the beach were you can hire snorkeling kit, body boards , canoes and catmarans for free and there are other sports and horse riding to do for an extra fee which i reccomend you look at before you book up your excursions with you rep.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>planet5
<Content>bambu was just fine! We stayed at the Bambu Jan 20-27, 2007.Overall we had absolutely no issues! The operations manager was visible very frequently which seemed to keep his folks on their toes.The beach was just fabulous as were the grounds and the rooms. We saw zero insects or garbage anywhere.The food was very good - not gourmet but then consider the price you are paying. We experienced no health problems and did not hear of anyone else with any food-related issues.The people staying there at that time were largely Canadian and European with some Americans and South Americans. The diversity was just fine with us.We golfed at Punta Blanca. The golf itself is a little rough but they did their best in the proshop to make it a good day. The casino was as advertised: suspect decks for Black Jack for example. But then again remember you are in the Third World - not Las Vegas. My advice is if gambling put a smile on and relax (while you are quickly losing your money).If we had one bone to pick it would be with the persons manning the reception desk. We found them to be borderline rude and not very helpful in comparison to the very good service everywhere else.Overall we had a great time and I would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carman051
<Content>Great beach at the Bambu!       sandman  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Daisy4Jan
<Content>Loved it! The resort is very clean! and beautiful. We went down to celebrate a friends 50th birthday and had a fabulous time. The shows in the evening were great! It is family oriented but we really didn't feel like it was over run with children. There is a large pool with swim up bar and a seperate pool for youngsters. The staff were extremely friendly and very happy! I read on a review that the rooms were musty. We noticed a little in our room but once the air circulated, the air conditioning went on - it was fine - this is to be xpected in a place that has such a warm climate. The beach is beautiful - I also read a review that beach was very dirty - there was some stuff that stirred up from the ocean as it was very windy all week and great waves! but to say it was dirty i would definately disagree. I would definately recommend and return to this resort. The food was pretty good too! You have to be careful what you eat and how you have the meat cooked - this is common sense. It was a great experience - my hats off to the RIU for a great week away in the sun. I will definately go back for my 50th!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HOLIDAYGIRLSurrey
<Content>Beach Great/Food boring/Rooms OK My husband and I from England stayed at Riu Bambu from 11th Jan to 18th Jan. We booked only the week before so took what was offered. We were first quite impressed with the buffet in the main restaurant. Plenty of choice. Over the next few days it all got a bit the same. Meat is very tough although the pasta and vegatables were always good. Small changes daily but mostly the same. We were pleased that we were eating there for 1 week not two. We didn't try the 'speciality' themed restaurants. The drinks didn't particularly bother us: the dinner wine was drinkable and the soda's out of the machine in the dining room and bars were OK. Pepsi and 7 up were odd tasting out of the bottles in the room. Pina Coladas did not contain any alcohol unless you asked. Didn't try the beer although my husband didn't complain. The rooms were quite small and dark. The beds although wide were hard and the linen to small which made for uncomfortable nights. Bathrooms were adequate and the air conditioning worked fine. We were quite near to the reception and roadway so some noise.  The entertainment was shocking. The animation team seemed to do their best in and around the pool during the day but the evening entertainment was very poor. 'Grease' was dressing up mimed to the records. Mister RIU seemed to be a lesson in embarrassing a lady of more mature years with a young mans crotch thrust in her face for titillation and laughs. I'm no prude but please....  The beach was lovely, very windy but can't blame RIU for that. It would have been nice to have some sort of drinks service on the beach. The first day we were there a member of staff came round with a tray of a variety of sodas but only once and only on that day. The staff were always courteous and friendly. The shop thought that only Germany has newsprint readers.  It is a problem all over the world but despite a note in the hotel rules to the contrary, nobody removed the towels from the sun chairs when the occupants leave them. I heard an American on the beach searching for her chairs that she had left towels on 3 hours previously. A bold move by the management would have allowed all to enjoy the poolside instead of searching for chairs while confronted with rows of towels. We stayed at a hotel in Cyprus that carried out the towel removal rule and it worked perfectly.  Despite all of the above we enjoyed our break, we were not ill at all but RIU needs to raise their game if they advertised their hotels as 5 Star. This one certainly isn't. I would give it a low 3.Norma Cooper, Surbiton. England  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Burden1
<Content>Beach+Staff= Excellent/Food+Drink Terrible We just returned yesterday from a 6 day stay at the Riu Bambu. Trip dates were 1-10-07 thru 1-16-07. I read as many reviews of this hotel as I could find before we left for this vacation and decided that I would take the reviews as being probably not as good as the best and not as bad as the worst that I have read. There were twelve in my party ranging in age from 25-60. I am 42 and my wife is 48.Lets start with somethings I think everyone could agree on. The beach was the best I have ever seen in my 25 years of traveling. The staff was very friendly. The front desk workers knew many langauges and communicating with them was not a problem. Very helpful.One call and a delivery to restock your towels or fridge was done within 10 minutes.Top notch.Those are the only two good parts of our stay.Since I had read many reviews on this property I packed one whole duffle bag with nothing but snacks,insulated mugs,cooler,flashlights,and other essentials. Good thing I did. Do not eat anywhere on the property other than the buffet. Only two people in our party did not get ill and that was the two who did not go to the steakhouse,caribe grill, and italian restaurant. While we didn't get seriously sick, 1 or 2 days of diarrhea sure puts a damper on a 6 day trip. Not to mention when you go to one of these places it takes an hour and a half to eat. Staff was great,food terrible. Buffet- Eggs,bacon(if cooked well that day), and pork are only good tasting items other than french fries. I am not a health nut and will eat most anything and none of us had a good meal twice.Drinks-If your a beer drinker your S-O-L. The Dominican has three different kinds of beer, El Presedente, Bohemia Especial, and Quisqueya. Quisqueya is the only one that taste terrible and thats the only one th Riu propertys carry. All in our party were beer drinkers with various taste in beer and were very dissapointed. I decided that since I spent almost 2 G's for my wife and I to go I would not hesitate to spend $60 a case in the gift shop for Bud,Bud light and Corrona. Gets costly but I didn't care.Bad move on my part to walk around drinking out of the bottle.After numerous people found out where I got them they sold out quickly as each gift shop in the Riu family only stocked about a twelve pack of each. Rooms- Very basic 2 star in U.S.A. Grounds were well kept.Bottom line for us is we couldn't wait to get back to the states and all ate at McDonalds as we waited for out connecting flight in Atlanta. I went with the mindset that even if the food was so-so I just wanted to lay on the beach and drink a few beers for 5 or 6 days. For these people who said the food was excellent and the rooms were 5 star I would like to sell you some swamp land in Florida. Unless I ate only fruit or came from a third world country would I say the food was great. I had doubts and didn't believe many of the reviews I read such as this but you will find I am telling the truth. So here are some tips to help you out when you realize what I did.#1 When you want to get a good beer or even a case take a taxi to the mall where Hard Rock Cafe is located and get a good meal while your down there. Only cost about $10 for the taxi and they have good food and all different brands of beer. Not cheap beer or food but good. Save the book they hand you about Punta Cana as you walk into the airport upon arrival. Read it and use it to point out to the taxi driver where you want to go.#2 Bring a soft cooler and insulated mugs to bring your beverages down to the beach. No service down there and long walk to keep filling up 10 o.z. glasses they give you at bar.#3 If you are a soda drinker don't expect the 7 UP and Pepsi they give you in the room for free to taste like back home because they don't. Buy some Coke or Gatorade when you make your beer run. And I like Pepsi not Coke.#4 Go to Costco and pick up a 30 pack of snacks and pack them away. Even if you go off site the prices for these items are ridiculous.#5 If you like to read then bring enough material for the whole trip as you cannot find a U.S. newspaper anywhere in the RIU. They have some popular U.S. magazines with dates from a month ago on them.Finally and probably the most important tip I would give is to not book at this resort complex. Maybe in a few years when they get the food and drink issues resolved. I have found, maybe contrary to others that all inclusive is not the way to go in the Dominican. Food not good/drinks are watered down very badly/and beer and liquers served are very low quality which is probably why we didn't see many drunk people. Talked to many other people who where staying at non-all inclusive resorts and they indicated you could get any beverage you wanted and food was very good.If you have any other questions feel free to e-mail me and I will give an honest answer as I do not want anyone to go through what we did if they can avoid it. By the time we figured everything out it was time to go home.Sincerely,ChrisHarrison Township,Michigan U.S.A.Burden1@wowway.com  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	4	2	

<Author>bzman2000
<Content>We have been twice in Bambu Total 4 times in DR and 2 times in Riu BambuNobody likes to read long reports. So, in brief:PROS: - We have been twice there and we are demanded. - Food is great. Big variety.- Drinks are great. Not every resort serves Stolichnaya and Johny Walker Red unlimited (Iberostar, for example, serves local s....t)- Service is very friendly- Rooms are clean and well maintained- Beach and sand - paradise.CONS: - Beach towel boy!!!!! Very rude! The resort must something to do with him. Shame, he is the only bad sheep. - 50% of guests try to reserve sun chairs, putting towels on it early morning. The guys like me collect those towels and bring them to the towel boy back. He was happy. So, only this way you can teach people to be polite and think about others. (Verstehen? Ja? Gud.) Shame, management don't explain this to such guests. I'd recommend to go to Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>Sparkles-7
<Content>Magic In the Air @ The RIU BAMBU...       A Local getting  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chichi1
<Content>Great Vacation at the Bambu!       the front of the hotel  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>midwestmayhem
<Content>First Time Here Amazing! Overall: Great, is worthy of 5 stars or at least 4. Didn't know what to expect but I was speechless for about a hour.Food: Okay but their cuts of meat are completely different than ours. They do have a buffet for any time. But some of the restaurants you have to reserve during the morning.Drinks were excellent and their soda is very rich and syurpy.Grounds: Immaculate and breathtaking. Always saw at least one person working an the grounds. Beach: Has a reef about 500 ft. out so most of the waves are fairly small. White sandy beaches. The only downside to the sand is you end up with sand were you dont want sand.Public Areas: Restrooms have shower stall with locks on them to get all the sand off of you. Everything is very clean but a lot of the tables had to be cleaned off before you used them because that seems to be the staffs lowest priority.Staff: Very good and spoke fuent english or most of them did. Very friendly.I would recommend this resort to families with young children. If you are going to do anything out of the resort go through your service rep that is their. At the Riu's you are allowed to the one next door and use their facilities.I am 15 and went with my Mom, Dad, and Sister  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>nallen1031
<Content>had a great time...... just returned yesterday from a week at this resort. My husband and I were there with my Brother, his wife and their two children (ages 7 and 11). We had a great time, the beach is breathtaking and beautiful. The staff were nice and helpful. The food was typical for an all-inclusive resort. At times it was difficult to find something different for the kids to eat but the adults managed just fine. The pools could have been cleaned a little better, lots of straws and cups floating around. We enjoyed the swim-up pool bar.....if you tip, you can get the bartender to bring out the good stuff. If we travel to this area again in the future, we would return to this resort .  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RejLalum
<Content>Absolutely Wonderfull       Beach from the sea  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>VictorAllen
<Content>What a setting! We just returned from a one week stay at the Bambu for our family鈥檚 Christmas vacation. We had some significant booking problems via the internet and Riu鈥檚 central reservations personnel - to the point that we did not know for sure whether our reservation would be intact when we arrived. In an attempt to make sure things were as we planned, we had contacted the GM of the Bambu via email and by phone a week prior to our arrival. Upon our arrival, the staff were totally aware of our situation. We got in late, but the Bambu had someone waiting for us at the Punta Cana airport and rooms waiting for us when we got to the hotel. We were told to have a good night and that the reception manager would work with us to clear up everything in the morning. To their word, that is exactly what happened. By noon, everything was cleared up to our total satisfaction. We have not had better service from the front end staff at any hotel - anywhere. Their command of all the languages they encountered 鈥?Russian, German, French, English, etc. was commendable.The grounds were magnificent - a tropical paradise with huge palms, almond trees and tropical gardens. Though the rooms are beginning to show some aging, the staff kept them absolutely spotless and essentially bug free - in better shape than brand new resorts we have stayed at in Mexico. The bathrooms had new tubs, sinks, toilets and granite counter tops . The beds were comfortable and the rooms roomy. The housekeeping staff were extremely flexible and accommodating. Requests were handled efficiently and in a timely manner. Our room was located at the far end of the complex grounds. You had to go past the lobby, bars and pools to get to the beach (about 300 meters). For the first day or so, we were thinking of moving closer in, but really began to enjoy the walk back through the almonds and palms 鈥?especially with the unbelievable amount of food and drink we were consuming!A highlight of the hotel was the sugar fine sand and the huge beach, with a 60 meter palm treed buffer between the open water and the hotel grounds which made for a magical, natural environment with plenty of shade. Even on Christmas, when the hotel was just about fully booked, the beach was not crowded. The water was great 鈥?the waves only got a little rough for one day and were usually very small (1-2 feet). The water temperature was slightly warmer than Hawaii, but cooler than Cancuun 鈥?absolutely perfect. You could stay in for hours. There were ample beach recliners for all the guests. The sea canoes and paddle boats were always available, as were the additional cost items such as scuba and parasailing.There was always something going on at the hotel 鈥?from dancing lessons to the live evening shows. The pools were large and generally not crowded.The food in the main buffet dining room was consistently very good and occasionally excellent with a wide variety of entrees, salads, fruits and desserts (usually excellent). Admittedly, I am a person that does not like hotel food 鈥?and not a real fan of all- inclusives! This food was of good quality 鈥?especially the local grown fruits and vegetables 鈥?and I only began to tire of the meals on the last day or two of our trip. The main dining room was always well stocked and open for enough hours that it was seldom crowded. Theme meals were common and Christmas dinner was wonderful. The staff were generally very gracious, friendly and helpful (just like the front desk and cleaning staff). Some of the a la carte restaurant meals were fantastic 鈥?such as the Grille Caribe, some not so fantastic, but all at a very good level or better. A note for those that expect 5 star meals - this is not the mainland! If you are looking for a culinary experience that you would find in San Fransicso - go to San Fransisco!Would we stay there again 鈥?in a minute!! The only mentionable criticisms of the place are probably true of all of the Punta Cana resorts:1) The resort caters to people from all over the world who live in significantly different time zones. Hence you frequently hear western North Americans whooping it up on the grounds at 2 or 3 in the morning, followed by European babies and their families waking up at 4 or 5 am. As a result, real 鈥渜uiet time鈥?in your room during the night can be an elusive commodity. 2) Further, if you are a non smoker, you may have to move around a little 鈥?but there is always a lot of space to move to!3) Finally, you are in a foreign country. If you want North American food, North American service, professional Las Vegas style shows, perfect English with no communication problems and a room that is located steps from an overcrowded beach - go to Waikiki!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scousestan
<Content>Don't hesitate.....you won't regret it! We spent two fantastic weeks at the Riu Bambu and would recommend it to anyone (except extremely miserable fussy people who expect 6 star luxury for 3 star prices!)We booked our holiday in November for the period 11-26th December via Thomson's on-line company 'First Resort'.We paid 拢590 per person all-inclusive including flights and transfers. It was originally nearly 拢800 each but we monitored the website for a few weeks and when it dropped to around 拢630we called the company and got the agent to discount further.Riu class the hotel as 5 star but I think Thomson's have got it spot on as 4 star plus. If you want total peace and quiet in 5 star luxury book the Riu Punta Cana Palace next door and pay at least 拢300 each extra. If you are a family and/or enjoy a lively atmospheric hotel the Rui is by far the best of the 5 on the complex. Evidence of this is that many from the Palace hotels are seen day and night in the Bambu. The hotel rooms are spotless, have two double beds, the famous 5 bottles of spirits on optics, fridge with beer, tonic, soda, cola, and lemonade. What a difference that makes! Cable TV has at least 6 english speaking channels with movies on throughout the day and night. Ideal if you fancy an early relaxing night after your meal or the show. We even got to see live premiership football on Mexican TV (Channel 35).If you can't find food to satisfy you every day you must be extremely picky. There was chicken, pork, beef, vegetables, pasta, fish, pizza, burgers, hot dogs, salad, fruit, deserts, ice cream EVERY DAY! In addition there were speciality nights that presented lamb, rabbit, turkey, shrimp, barbequed meats etc. All were well cooked and hot. Obviously the earlier you dined the fresher the food was as it was less likely to have been standing for any time. We had in addition the choice of 3 other restaurants. Steak House, Italian and Fish (this was part of the Palace Macau on and on the edge of the beach). You had to book on the day (between 7-10am) and could do so as often as you liked and availability was good. The animation team were excellent. The evening shows were varied and never repeated in 14 days and as good as any and better than most I've come across. My only complaint is that there were was too much 'adult' content particularly in the audience involved games. The team also do the same club dances in between the 5 language announcements every night which are fun but 14 days on the trot is just too much.As for day time this can be as quiet and peaceful as you like (the beach, fantastic!) or busy and hectic (around the pool and joining games and sports)You could get whatever drinks you wanted with an array of cocktails and branded (Gordon's, Johnny Walker, Smirnoff)as well as local spirits BUT you must ask for them by name. Only let down was the beer but it was passable. The beer in the fridge was bettter.This is a perfect family location. We had two teenagers (15,17) who loved it. Children can roam freely, eat and drink when they like. Parents can relax without worry. The staff are the most genuine friendly people and really add to the holiday.Of the 4 of us who travelled only one had a bad stomach that lasted 2 days. It goes with the environment. I don't believe it's a hygenic issue. I've seen more problems in Spain.We did not do any trips as we are beach lovers who relaxed the whole time. They seemed well reported on but are quite expensive starting at around 拢40/50 each. That said, you spend on nothing else, even the safety deposit box is free!I've been on all-inclusive holidays in Majorca, Tenerife, Turkey, and Portugal. This was the best by far in quality and value. Med holidays don't compare unless your paying twice the price and they still don't have the beaches the quality of beach locations.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>joyce-trip
<Content>dissapointed My husband and I just returned rom the riu bambu January2007. We ere somewhat dissapointed The food was terrible. They have the same food every day and it sits out all day. By the third day we didnt feel very well. There is a pizza shop on caribean street but it was closed every time we went to it. The pepsi and seven up taste awful. It taste nothing like the pop in the states. They do not do a good job of keeping your mini bar stocked we ha to ask three times before we got it refilled. The workers are only friendly and make an attempt to understand you if you tip them, and beieve me five dollar bills work way better than dollar bills. The airport is just terrible when we arrived there to come home they said they didnt have seats on the plane that took a while to straighten up. Nobody spoke english at the airport so when you do have a problem that makes it en time harder to straighten out. We watched some of the water excursions and didnt do any of them because we watched people tip over the banana boats and had trouble getting back on, and the workers would just ride right by on there boats and not try to help. All in all we wouldnt go back!!!!!!! dissapointed in ohio  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PickyTraveler-NY
<Content>Does not match its rating We just came back from a week of staying at Riu Bambu and the whole family (4 adults and 2 children ages 8 and 5) feels somewhat disappointed. When we booked the trip we felt that 5 stars resort would be good enough to get a decent service. But it seems like the number of stars in this particular case was very misleading. I would give it a good 4 stars (3 US).Pros: 1) Very nice beach: a lot of shade, white soft sand, terrific sea bottom, enough beach chairs; 2) very well kept hotel grounds; 3) nice pools: clean and big; 4) big rooms: we had space to move around even with an extra twin bed;5) extra requests were quickly satisfied.Cons:1) kids activities not well supervised: about 30 kids were taken on a trip to the nearby hotel for pizza and movies with only 2 persons staff supervising the trip - since we chaperroned our kids we could see that the staff clearly had no control over the situation, they had no communication devices available, they didn't even count all the kids they took and there were no labels provided to identify children even though it was a multi-hotel event; 2) stained bed linens, room and beach towels: they looked washed but not clean, once we suspected the maid just folded a towel we asked to replace and put it back on the rack since it had dirt at the same very spot as the day before; 3) some staff members were extremely unfriendly: the guy that distributed beach towels tried to sell me his own rule that only 1 towel a day was permitted with no exchanges - I had to go to the reception desk to clarify that it was not true;4) not enough kids activities in the evening: there was nothing besides the disco after 6:00PM;5) some of the evening shows were not appropriate for kids but were not identified so on the advertisement flyer - the girls in one of the shows called Cabaret were dressed and danced in such striptease-like manner that I had to remove my kids from the audience as fast as I could; 5) hot food selection was extremely limited: it felt like the same dishes were cooked every day except for a couple of days when they had some specialties;6) no honor for special room requests placed before the arrival: we placed a request to have 2 either connected or next to each other rooms using 3 different contact options provided - the rooms we got were in the same building, same floor but across a long hallway.The overall impression is that they went too far with their costs cutting initiatives. There was a new manager appointed about 3 months ago and people that have been to the resort before claim that it lost a lot of its touch since their previous trip a year ago.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>flossyYorkshire
<Content>fabulous food the hotel staff could not help enough. On first sight of the beach I thought I had died and gone to heaven .It is not the hotel to go to if you are trying to loose weight ,I put 14 pounds on in the two weeks we were there. This is the ideal place to escape to .The pretend streets and the hotel gives the illusion that you are in the outside world as the resort is so large, even though you are in a large complex .The entertainment is fabulous if you are into games and the animation team are very good .There is one called Oliver, he was so funny , you have to see him dancing to cotton eye joe....If you want a holiday that is your own fantasy Island ,then this is for you ,the rooms are kept spotless ,the sand is kept just perfect , the paths swept daily, fun if you want it or peaceful places if you dont. There is a carnival every thursday just for the guests which is wonderful and FiFi is something to see in her splendid out fits .I can not wait to return to this wonderful place ,but be warned if the real dominican republic is what you want to see ,this hotel isnt it. The only down side i saw were the free watersports, if you want to use any there is a charge of 25 dollars to be taught how to use them ,so its not free and if you want to go on the banana boat alone you are charged 40 dollars ,so ensure 4 people want to go on it too , because its still 40 dollars. I loved this hotel and the escape from reality so much that I will be back later in the year.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kbliss
<Content>disappointed.... After visiting the Dominican in January 2006 (Sunscape/Bayhibe) I was extremely disappointed with this resort. The hotel is located on the beach but because of the size of the resort it is actually a one to two block walk. The winds were strong in December and the sand was continuously piled up on the sidewalks. We had a member of our party confined to a wheelchair which caused some hardship. I don't mind tipping the staff provided they are kind, courteous and helpful but this was hard to come by. Even with a language barrier a smile and an hola should be a must by each employee of the resort! Of course there were exceptions but there never were coffee cups at the place settings for breakfast and never water distributed during the meal unless asked for. The entertainment was elementary and there was never any service for drinks during the shows. The waitress would pick up empty glasses but never ask if anyone wanted anything. The apple rep was not there during posted hours (she said she was being transferred to another site but that a replacement would be available). The restaurant situation was poor as you had to get up early to try to get reservations to other sites (never had any luck ). I will say the wedding that we attended was very nice but overall the stay was very disappointing and I would strongly suggest that if you are going to visit the Dominican Republic you go to the Sunscape in Bayihibe!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>summerlea
<Content>A great Holiday at the Riu Bambu!! My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana. This is a first class resort!!! The November stay was well beyond our expectations--the service was exceptional; the food, entertainment and special events ranked among the very best we have ever experienced. The beach, well, what can one say, was the centrepiece of this memorable trip. What a magnificent stretch of white sand with abundant shady areas.We intend to return often to this particular property or any other Riu resort. They really understand what tourists require who want a real break from the pressures of day to day living. We highly recommend Riu Bambu to anyone reading this traveller review.George and Phyllis ReparWelland Ontario Canada  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrownFam
<Content>A terrific resort We did a lot of research before choosing the Riu Bambu - we are from the U.S. (Texas) and had not visited the DR prior to this trip. Our choice was based upon apparent value, the resort web site, and, to a great extent, the reviews from travelers on TripAdvisor and similar resources. We did not travel with a tour company or have any activities prearranged other than the room and flight. I took my family (me and my wife, both 41, and our two girls, aged 9 and 5) as well as my parents (both 66). We stayed 12-16 through 12/23/06.This is a long review, but it may be helpful.Some of the major experiences we had:Airport: The arrival was exciting. We walked down from the plane and experienced the DR climate - warm, breezy, sunny, beautiful. There was a group of musicians that greeted us, and they took our picture once we arrived in the airport. It is large, clean, open-air, and has a thatched roof. Really cool. The paperwork was easy, and we picked up our luggage quickly. Everything was there. We read that the baggage handlers were a concern (aggressive), and we were wary. They waited by the baggage area exit and started grabbing luggage as soon as we approached. Rather than argue, we let them load up a cart, and after I told them forcefully to stop so I could ensure we had everything before they took off, one of them pushed everything out to a taxi driver. They loaded everything quickly, and we negotiated a price for the ride. 6 people, 45 minutes, air-conditioned bus - $40 US. We could have argued for a lower price, but it was reasonable. We paid before we left.The ride to the hotel was fascinating. Dallas drivers don't have anything on these crazy people. The roads are BAD, and they are passing one another and driving on the wrong side of the road - a chaotic, bumpy ride that was a real eye-opener. Our driver was very personable, helped us with our spanish, and unloaded our luggage when we arrived. Hotel: The arrival was very nice - large, open air lobby, very clean, beautiful. Views to the pool, lots of people, and a drink upon arrival. The young man at the reception spoke english and check-in was easy. You will get one room key, a safe key, two towel cards, and a dinner reservation card - along with some other summary info about the facilities and meal times. A porter brought our luggage to our rooms. Bring a lot of $1 bills. Tipping modest amounts is appreciated. Room: Small but adequate, and they actually had two nice cots in our room for the kids. I had read a lot about the musty smell from several other traveler reviews. Both rooms did have a slight 'aroma', but it is the tropics and impossible to avoid. We brought some linen spray and air freshener but didn't use them after the first couple of days. Rooms were very clean, nice little bar with a fridge, great closet, nice little patio, and the bathroom was clean and sized appropriately. The AC was on, the fridge was running, and it was a comfortable temp when we walked in.The beds are firm - borderline hard - and the pillows are flat. I like a harder bed, but my wife had to adust. Linens are very basic - two sheets and a bedspread. All were clean. The beds and linens could use some improvement, but we weren't there to sleep.Grounds: Clean, well-maintained, brightly painted buildings, beautiful landscape, all around excellent. There was always workers cleaning and trimming, and they opened coconuts for the kids who were fascinated with the machetes.Pool and bars: I had read that the pools were crowded and kind of dirty. Not the case at all. The pools were clean, the bars were staffed by friendly bartenders who poured strong drinks for the adults and fruity drinks for the kids. The towels were large and clean. Very festive, lots of music all the time, and constantly something going on - exercise, games, etc. Great for the kids. I didn't see any drunk adults or inappropriate behavior. Beach: Breathtaking. Great palms all over the beach. Lots of clean chairs. Clean, beautiful sand and warm water. Prettiest place I've been without question. Again - lots of activities going on all the time.People: Lots of Canadians and Europeans - a fascinating experience for the kids. People were friendly, and we really enoyed the mix of culture and languages. The beaches are open to topless sunbathing - another interesting experience for the kids. Shopping and Other Stuff: Gift stores are expensive. The vendors on the beach are about a 15 minute walk away and well worth the trip. I am a daily cigar-smoker and know cigars. Don't buy anything from vendors if you care about authenticity and quality. Lots of fake cigars. If it doesn't matter, they are fun to buy fas a novelty.The nightly entertainment was great for the kids early in the evening and a little risque and better for the adults later in the evening. Our daughters participated and really looked forward to the show each night. Activities: We went to Manati Park - my 9 yr old and my wife swam with the dolphins (8 yr old min). They loved it. Otherwise, the park was interesting, but had sparse wildlife. Different from what we expected, but fun. The only other trip we went on was a Jeep Safari - incredible. We got our own Jeeps and drove 150 km (just under 100 miles) through a sugar cane plantation, through villages, stopped at a store, drove up in the mountains to a 'typical DR home' on a cocoa and coffee plantation, visited a small tobacco plantation, etc. The children chased the trucks in search of candy, etc...Be sure to bring pencils, paper, toothbrushes, candy, gum, pens, etc - the kids are extremely poor and are in dire need of these things. They will mob the jeep, so be careful if you decide to take this trip. It is well worth it. Our kids were amazed.Food: This was another concern. We read that preparation and presentation was lacking. While you can eat at any of the other Riu hotel restaurants (except the Palace next door), we ate most meals at the Bambu. There was a 'steak house', an 'Italian restaurant', a Caribe grill (not on Bambu property), and the buffet at the Colonial - the main dining room at the Bambu. Italian - not so good. Steakhouse - okay. The buffet - very good. The choices are diverse, the food is very good overall, and cold food was cold and hot food hot. A couple of not-so-great items, but we really enjoyed it. Food is a big deal for our family - we are spoiled by our choices in Dallas - but we all found a lot to like. Even the kids. Desserts were okay - great selection, but many were kind of bland. Breakfast was brilliant. Try the fruit smoothies. Everything was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the Colonial was a very pretty setting.Other: Our toilet handle broke - they fixed it within 2 hours. The drinks at the bar were at times inconsistent - some had different recipes in mind than others, but they were always good. The sun is strong - be careful. I used the gym nearly every morning - it is adequate and open-air. The kids club was limited, but had a separate beach with a kiddie pool that was clean and a fun diversion for the kids.Go with the right mindset and you will have a lot of fun. Smile at the staff and they will always greet you and smile in return. We highly recommend this hotel. My parents were thrilled and the kids made several friends. We walked through the Iberostar and may try that next time - it was gorgeous.Happy and safe travels!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Tony11
<Content>FANTASTIC!! from: Southampton, England.Have recently returned from a fantastic 2 week holiday staying at the Rui Bambu, and felt I must write an honest review having read some critical reviews before departure. I can honestly say the Rui Bambu is a superb hotel set on the most glorious white sand beach, within the Rui complex. My wife and I, plus our two children aged 11 and 7 years had a wonderful holiday. The staff from the porter to the manager are amazingly friendly and helpful. The whole complex from our room to the gardens is very well kept and spotlessly clean. The Animation team are great fun and the Kids club is ideal for children between 4 and 10years. I've kept the best till last - the food! Excellent, great choice, great quality. Would throughly recommend this hotel to families and couples of any age.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DamoMidlands
<Content>Great time at the Bambu We stayed at the Bambu 11th - 25th September 2006;Flight details - around 8 hours from Manchester; We travelled with Thompson; flights generally OK, although found the planes cramped. Apparently due to be upgraded for 2007. Going through Punta - Cana airport was quick  efficient, there were no other arrivals, so no crowds to cause delays.Travel via coach to the Bambu - this was not as bad as others have suggested, relatively smooth  not hair raising! Travelling through the towns etc. though is an eye-opener, seeing how the Dominican really is  the people that live there!Hotel - impressive well maintained grounds, with the hotel in between the two Palace hotels. check -in is also quick.Rooms are bungalow style in blocks of 6-7 or so. They are clean, spacey  we had no problems with bad smells as others say. However they are basic  don't expect the same standard 5 star accomodation that you would usually expect back here! - there is a mini-bar, restocked every other day  a safe (recommend you use!!)Hotel facilities - 1 large pool with swim -up bar, which does get busy, jacuzzi also at the back of pool, which is great in the shade!1 x other smaller pool - which is quieter  more relaxed. both have plenty of loungers around.3 x main restaurants; a buffet style, which is ok although there appears to be large selections (which is excellently presented) avilable, by the end of the first week, it gets boring as it does not change! breakfast is in the same place  this is also much the same! there is an Italian style  Grill restaurant, which was dissapointing! - there is another available, part of the Palace hotel, which can be used; the quality is far superior!Beach - WOW!! Apparently this beach is one of the World's top ten! - Not difficult to see why! - 28kM of white powder sand  palm Trees - plenty of sunbeds available  different water-sports on offer. - an early morning walk across the beach is amazing! - We tried snorkelling at different points across the beach. some are better than others!daily entertainment - Animacion Team are teriffic  do not stop working! - Well done to all of them, especially Chocolate!Trips - 3 to recommend; first  most definatley, Saona island. A great day starting at 6.30am. involves an hour speed boat ride (about 60mph - not good if you have mobility problems) out to the island;Sstop of about half mile out into the sea on a reef  have cocktails in waist high water. Amazing! BBQ lunch is prepared for you. get about two hours here for sunbathing  snorkelling which is fantastic! - Travel back by Catamarran  get hammered on more cocktails, sunbathing,listening to Bob Marley.Monster Truck  for snorkelling fans, the Marinarium (swim with Sharks  Rays) are both enjoyable!!Overall - we both suffered slight stomache upsets, nothing major.We expected this! you are in an altoghether different climate.This region is not at all commercialised like Cancun for Example, outside the Hotel gates there is nothing except Jungle!There is only the nightly Hotel entertainment (Not brilliant!)  a small nightclub on Caribbean St. So if you prefer the big party scene, I certainly would not recomment ths area! It is also not great if you have small children, apart from Beach/pool, there is not much else on-site to keep them occupied!if you like to relax  take it easy, this Hotel is laid back enough  you should have a great time!I would definately return here some time soon!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>alexisgm
<Content>Great Resort Great Price I was pleasantly surprised with the RIU properties. I was expecting a 3 star..and I thought it was about that but better. Great beach...pretty good food, nice room. I have recommended it to freinds who just got back from Thanksgiving there. They loved it as well. You can't beat the price and it did exceed expectations.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DieselDecicco
<Content>Breath Taking But Boring!!!!!       the wedding gazebo  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>laslomas
<Content>I feel a little ripped off!!!!!! The seafood was all frozen, nothing was fresh, It tasted old and of very poor quality. They did not have any fresh orange juice at all and they are a hot country. All of the meals were made over and over. The room had a broken lamp that was leaned against the wall to somehow look like it wasn't broken. I took my girlfriend and we asked for a seafront room; did not get in which was ok but we had to share two double beds. The tap leaked and the bathroom was rusty. I am very disappointed with the Riu chain and will not be visiting any other of their hotels _  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stallion_bob
<Content>Fantastic Holiday What a fantastic holiday! Great staff, great rep and meet great people!The hotel was in a beautfil location and the sandy beach was stunning! the waves can get abit choppy but is highly entertainly watching people getting in and out of the water without being knocked down!The buffet restaurant was good, the al la carte was disapointing so I would stick the buffet or the snack bar!rooms, were fine, basic but very clean! Mini bar filled every other day.The staff were the friendless people i have ever seen at a hotel and never pass without saying HOLA Had a great time, Sonya our rep was also great, she owes us one for helping carry her bags! good luck in the maldives!Only downside to this hotel is the smoking, especially in the pool! one day i saw a young girl get fag ash flicked over her! have some respect!Done 3 trips and have to say Saona is by far the best! will certainly be doing that one again on my return!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HubbaHubbahubba
<Content>1st time  This was my first visit  I loved it, there is not one complaint I could make about this hotel. The food was fab, the staff were great  the hotel was clean  nothing was too much trouble for them.We never had any trouble in the 2 weeks we were there  it was a very safe place to be.The entertainment was very funny  the staff worked from 9am until 12pm every day. There whole aim is to make sure that your holiday is a very happy one.I can recommend the Safari trip, the food was good  the drinks flowed all day. The guides on this trip are great  really look after you. If you do go on this day trip please make sure that you take some pens, paper etc as you vist a school  the children there have nothing. I also took the free toiletries from the bathroom  gave these out, they are grateful for anything as they are very poor. Sweets always go down well too!If you do go on this trip please take some meat from the breakfast buffet for the very cute stray dog that lives at the Safari drop off / pick up point. . I also brought her some meat back from the lunchtime BBQ as she is always there to greet the coaches.All in all a very good holiday, enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>tagent
<Content>FANTASTIC Beaches My husband  I stayed at the Bambu Oct 1-8, 2006. I have to say the beach is the best I have ever seen. We called it Paradise.The room: Was OK, but thought the bathroom was too small. Pillows thin and sheets worn. My husband likes the room cold at night to sleep and they have no blankets, so I froze. Fridge was kept well stocked. Room was VERY clean, which impressed us. Food: From my experience with all-inclusive you do not get the best meals. Great fruit selection and even if you are a picky eater there was something to eat. Breakfast was my favorite.Pool: They have two pools, one was shaped like a doughnut and the other was the large pool with the swim-up bar. The pool with the swim-up bar was always crowded and noisy, all of the activities was done at that pool. We stuck to the smaller pool.Beach: I have to say the beach is the reason you go to Punta Cana. Simply beautiful. That is where we spent most of our time. This is for the Americans out there. You are going to a foreign country, where there is a language barier. Most of the vacationers are from Europe and do not speak English. While at the airport on the way home, so many people were complaining about no one speaking English at their resort. HELLO, if you want English speaking only resorts go to Florida!!! I now know why we are called the Ugly Americans. We truly enjoyed our stay at the Bambu  hope to return next year.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>beachy12345678
<Content>5* all the way!!!!!! Where should I start.... The holiday was fantastic from coming to going.... We travelled with Thomson and our rep Sonya made the holiday (good luck in Maldives and Mexico u'll do fantastic!) We attended the welcome meeting and decided on 3 trips, marinarium (swimming with sharks and rays - once in a life time experience - only $60), monster truck safari (great when wet, drivers great... really sad though seeing the children at the side of the roads - cost 99$ - good value full day!) and finally speed venture, a must for all James Bond fans, you get to drive your own speed boat for a hour and then go snorkelling - amazing experience!!!! (cost 75$)Hotel gorgeous, fantastic location on beachfront.... can use facilities of sister hotels (execpept riu palace)... loads of variety of food every night and can even dine at a steakhouse, caribbean grill or italian one night all included in the price!Watersports lovers plenty on the beach and they even give you free one hour sessions on a daily basis!and last but certainly not least, thank you to all the staff at the riu bambu, everyone made you feel at home! Would def return again! A********  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>georgiapoop
<Content>"i want......iwant to go ro riu" wow!!the riu bambu is a fabulous hotel and the experience my mum, brother and myself had there was one we will never forget!ok so the coach transfer to the hotel was the greatest but it gives you your first look at what a truely remarkable and diverse country the dominican is!!on arrival we were greeted with a warm smile and handed Mai Tai immediatly! check in only took around 10 mins and all our luggage arrived at our room safe and sound!!on our first mornin, we were greeted on our terrace by a gr=ardener who was choppin coconuts for the bar! he kindly offered one to us and chopped it for us to have whilst gettin ready for breakfast! all the groundstaff, barstf and restaurant staff are friendly and helpful and willl do their best to talk to u in whatever language you speak!Food: the food was lovely and it really gave you a chance to experience local suisine and food from around the world.....we were in disbelief over the number of people who ate pizza and burgers for a week! however, due to the change in diet and climate we did all suffer from diahorrea but nothin that couldnt be handled!Animation team: these guys absolutly rocked!! there were freindly and did their nest to get everyone involved, yet left you alone if you didnt!! they re mostly crazy, oliver in particuar!! great fun.....reallly made your holiday!Trips: defnatley recommend the Monster Truck Safari! an amazing chance to see how real dominicans live and visit fruit plantations and coffee farm....truly unforgettable!!you'll love it all!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bobbie80
<Content>Our first trip to the Dom Rep (wedding party)       wedding flowers  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>tads
<Content>Very relaxing time, great hotel.... My husband and I stayed at Riu Bambu in February 2006. It is a really great hotel. The beach at this resort is very beautiful, we've been around Mexico, the beaches in Mexico don't come close to Punta Cana. There are so many palm trees, so you can always find some shade on the beach. The food at the resort was pretty good, the drinks were also good. The staff at Riu Bambu are very friendly and funny. The resort itself is beautiful. I would recommend to check out Pacha Nightclub at the resort next door. But be careful if you go to the casino next door, they will rip you off! The only thing that I did not like was that you couldn't really go outside the resort to walk around, like in Cancun. I would definately recommend this hotel. We are actually planning on going back in November or December 2006....  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>tommo82
<Content>Dream honeymoon hotel My husband and I booked in to the Riu Bambu for our honeymoon at the end of May. As soon as we arrived the hotel staff were very attentive and quickly checked us in. Within about ten minutes of arriving at our room the porter arrived with our bags. The room was spacious and clean. All the staff were very friendly and always had a big smile, but so would I if I lived in such a beautiful country! Our maid Marisol was just fantastic, she was so cheery and really put so much effort in to having our room spic and span. Also, as she knew we were honeymooners she also filled our room with flowers every day. We also recieved a bottle of rum and a fab painting from the manager to celebrate our wedding.The beach just speaks for its self, it really is paradise. Every morning and afternoon we made a habit of having a long stroll along the miles and miles of white sand. We did'nt ever use the pool as I think its a waste when there is such a beautiful beach on your door step but it looked nice enough.We were really pleased with the food and drinks, some nights there were some odd choices on the menu but we always found something that we enjoyed. The al la carte restaurants were ok but we found we preferred the main restaurant.I think the best thing of the resort is the staff, especially the entertainment staff,they really do try and make your stay as great as they can. Some of the shows are a bit naff but they try so hard to get everyone involved and enjoying themselves you really can't help but laugh.To sum it up we had a great holiday and you never know may return for a second honey moon in the future ;-)  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>missmv1976
<Content>***** Perfect Paradise ***** THE MOST AMAZING HOLIDAY EVER!!!!! Just got back from the Riu Bambu after staying there for 2 weeks. The whole experience was amazing. All 6 of us agreed that this was the best holiday we had all had. Upon arriving, we were handed our keys for our rooms. As there were 3 couples we noticed that we were all located in different blocks but this was because we had booked seperately but I asked the reception assistant whether we could all be located closer to each other and within minutes he handed up 3 keys all in the same block. The service overall could not be faulted. ALL the staff were friendly. They just couldnt do any more for you. The rooms were clean, spacious and the fan and air con was fab. The rooms had optics too so could help yourself to drinks whenever you desired. We had run out of softdrink but after a call to reception, within 3 mins we had a member of staff outside our room to stock us up! The food was just out of this world... the choice was sometimes making it difficult as you just wanted to eat all of it! One of the girls that was with us is very fussy and she was eating every night, platefuls! Pancakes in the morning were the best! Smooties were just great... The pool was great too with a swim up bar but we spent most of the time at the beach as it was so hot and it meant we could get a bit of breeze.Acitivites were aplenty... so much going on all the time.. bingo, horseshoes, volleyball, football, scuba, windsurfing, canoes, catamarans! Mental!Entertainment team were the best too! Oliver was so funny! I just loved it all of it! Want to go back! Will be going to the Riu Tequilla next year!! Riu from now on every year!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LadyI
<Content>Don't go !!!! Hi, We stayed at the Riu Bambu from July 28, 2006 to August 12, 2006.There was nine of us in total. Myself and my hubby, (ages 36 and 39) and our two children (a boy 12, a girl 10), my parents (ages 67 and 64), and my aunt and uncle (42 and 42) with their son (age 14). Actually, it was my parents first trip down south. This was my second trip to PC, and my parents, my aunt and uncles first trip to PC. This first time around we stayed at the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand (should have went back - we loved it there). Eight out of nine of us got sick (the first week) - that says it all (vomitting and running to the bathroom for a 24 hour period). I am still suffering. I went to the Dr's and have been put on medication, as I have a form of EColi, and parasite. Can you believe it???I had praised PC so much to my family. The only thing I was right about was the beaches. Yes, PC has the best beaches, white sand, palm trees, and beautiful waters. Riu Bamu had this, and only this. OKAY some of the animation team was nice too. ROOMS: the sheets were dirty, the blankets were dirty, the pillows smelled, the bed was hard, buggs in the sink, towels plenty, stocked up fridge if you tipped, plenty of hangers - rate 3LOBBY: average, nothing special, rate 3SIWM UP POOL: digusting, cups in the pool, used bandages, used femine products, crowded, people getting drunk and spilling drinks - my kids literally got scared in the pool, fights (actual fist fight - blood everywhere), rate 2SMALLER POOL - clean, not crowded, nice - rate 3.5RESTAURANTS: Mama Juana - do not eat here !!!!!!! - open area, bugs every where, rate 3 (my son even saw one of the chefs go the restroom, use the facilities, and not wash his hands) - this is a convenient restaurant if you don't want to get dressed to go the Colonial, however, people were pushy, kids were biting food and putting it back, people touching food with their fingers, Colonial - average buffet restaurant - waiters were great, especially Oscar and Miguel - the food was much better than the Mama Juana as it is in doors - rate 4SHOWS: average, boring at times - 3ANIMATION TEAM: rate 4 - some were nice, some not, they tried really hard to get people to get involved in activities, GROUNDS: beautiful, palm trees, lots of pool and beach chairs, very tropical, rate 4BARS: yuck, the cups/glasses smelled, I was worried everytime we drank out of them, rate 2Our tour was Sunquest, and their representative was never there. I finally caught him one day, and told him that this place was ridiculous. I told him 8 out of 9 people are sick. He says to me, he must write a report, and then see what could happen. He also said for us to go to the Clinic (are you kidding, we walked by there one day, I would not take my dog there - it was disgusting). I told him that this place was no where near a 5 star (i have been to plenty of 5 stars). He then arranged a meeting with the Manager. The Manager said to me this is the first case that he has heard of anyone getting sick (meanwhile, the whole 14 days we were there, the ambulance came daily to pick someone up who was sick). He said that he was monitoring the food daily, and that pool was being cleaned 3 times a day. He could not do much for us. I asked to be moved to the RIU Palace, he said they were all booked. I said I wanted all our rooms cleaned, and I mean cleaned. He did that for us. I was in the room when they were cleaning. We received brand new pillows, blankets, and sheets. I watched them take it out of the package. The room smelled like bleach for a few days. FInally, then we liked our room. It smelled clean, and felt clean. I were thinking of getting an earlier flight out, however that would cost us $500.00 US, each. Can you believe that?? . The Manager did come to check on us quite few times the rest of our stay. Our second week was okay, as were all feeling a bitt better. We ate at the Colonial everyday for every meal - it got boring. We were afraid, we stuck to rice, potatoes, pizza, toast(which was actually the best pizza i tasted - surprise, surprise).We tried to make the best of things for the kids. The grounds made up for some of it. It was tropical.My review may sound harsh, but it's the honest truth. It is beautiful place if you are going only for the grounds, and the beach. Like I said, it has palms trees all around the grounds, and the beach. The ocean was amazing, beautiful water. The color was amazing.I can share my pictures with you, if you like. Just email me at bitts@rogers. com.Overall I would not go there again. I would never stay at a Riu resort again. This was my experience here. I hope you listen, or have read this very carefully, and reconsider your choice of resorts.Best of Luck  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Schmiltz
<Content>Disappointed From July 5th., for the third time, we spent our holiday at the Riu Bambu. To assure our room we sent a mail to the Manager, Mr. Tom, who confirmed the rooms 2112 and 2115. When we arrived we were put in 2708 and 2707, an area we did not request at all. So we aked for the Manager to resolve this misunderstanding as soon as possible. He pretended not to recognize us, though we spent a great time together in la punta last year - it seems he is one of the popular guests over there. In the end we got the rooms we asked for but the behaviour of tthe manager had changed. Last year he was an enjoyable bloke that took us around many times to show us Punta Cana by night. Now it looked like he was not interested in our presence at all. Although the quality at the main restaurant was not what it used to be we still enjoyed the hotel facilities. This year however there were more spanish speaking guests and they were pretty noisy. Lots of the staff were transfered to the new Riu Palace. At the reception they were as helpfull as they used to be. The waiters however did not speak english at all and seemed rather confused. Every single time we asked for a cocktail we got the wrong one. So we went to see the manager. When we asked him why he behaved so indifferently he invited us to la punta what we accepted. After a couple of drinks he could not keep his hands of our 19 year old daughter. We were astonished. Though we are true Riu fans we decided never to go back to a Riu in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	5	2	3	

<Author>Tizi
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel!!!       room detail 1  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>damst55
<Content>Great time...but watch what you eat and drink!!! Stayed at the Riu Bambu from August 4th to 11th. Had a blast while I was there, but two days after returning home, ended up in the HOSPITAL for a week!!! Yep, the hospital. I went in with horrible stomach issues and was diagnosed with Acute Colitis, something the dr. told me I got from ingesting contaminated food or water. I thought I was careful of what I ate and drank, but I guess not careful enough. I definitely enjoyed the resort during my stay, but not enough to spend a whole week in the hospital!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Carina12345
<Content>Best Week Ever!       The Beach  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WoodyDCJ
<Content>Oh My God... We loved it !       Mr Chocolate !  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Devon_girls
<Content>Fabulous beach terrible food Stayed in June 2006. First of all anyone thinking of booking with Thomsons be aware that the flight is very cramped with old planes. I have had more legroom on short flights in Europe. Secondly all Thomsons reps at this resort are useless and all they are interested in doing is selling you trips. My advice is buy them through the hotel as cheaper and the hotel staff get commission.The resort is beautiful, the beach one of the finest I have ever seen and I have travelled quite a bit. It trully is paradise. Plenty of sunbeds and shade and the sea is divine. The grounds in the hotel are kep very well it looks lovely.The hotel itself I have mixed feelings about. The room was quite nice very clean and well air conditioned. Leave your maid a tip they work very hard. The food is bland samey and I was ill quite a few times. Never before has this happened to me on holiday before. I was very careful about not drinking the water (I did not even clean my teeth in it) so it must have been the food that gave me such violent sickness etc. The speciality restaurants are not that great to be honest.The staff are lovely so friendly and nice they made me smile all day long.The palace next door was great by all accounts. My advice would be go to that resort as it's lovely but don't stay at the bambu.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it !!!!!!! From the rooms to the entertainment, I did not want to leave. We went for a wedding and stayed 2 weeks, by far the best trip that I have been on, The people were friendly and made sure they could help you in any way, the food was amazing, especially the barbaque they had on the beach, I know people that have gone everyyear for the past 5 years and never had a complaint. The entertainment was amazing they got the audience to participate everynight (some more funny then others) , I dont understand how anyone could have anything bad to say about this place, I had high expectations but the place blew me over with everything that they did, I ordered every drink that could be possibly made and they were all equally amazing, We go back every year, and are going back for our honeymoon  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TLM323
<Content>Be Aware ... My husband  I just returned from a 3 Night/4 Day stay at the Riu Bambu (booked by Apple Vacations). We flew out of Newark, NJ to Punta Cana, DR on USA3000 Airlines. The flight out of Newark (on Friday, July 7th) was 2 1/2 hours late to depart (our pilot became ill, and his replacement had to fly in from Pittsburgh, PA). Once in the air, the flight was smooth  easy (though one of the flight attendants did become ill  had to be assisted by a passenger, an RN). There was no coffee cake. Our arrival in Punta Cana went very smoothly ~ we felt very welcomed. The weather was awesome! We were greeted by an Apple Representative, and boarded a bus to our hotel.  I should say, I do ALL OF the driving at home ~ I am a terrible backseat driver. The bus ride was HORRIBLE ... our (very large) Charter Bus PASSED (that's right, PASSED!) atleast a dozen vehicles on the VERY narrow, VERY crowded road to the hotel. And, the view outside of the bus window is beyond heart wrenching. All you see on that 40 minute ride, is complete poverty. You feel very greedy, being on vacation. The Riu Hotel's (Bambu, Macao  Palace) are all in a walled compound (for safety's sake), next to each other, on the same property. The Bambu is the least attractive, of the three. If they had not dropped us off last, we would not have noticed that. Check-In was very easy, the lobby is beautiful, and we were given some cold Hawaiian Punch in a wine glass, which was very nice. ALL of the hotel staff were very friendly. Our room was (unfortunately) very far away (#2805) and to my dissapointment, we were on the first floor. I specifically requested a BALCONY (with Apple) because of all the reviews I had read here, about mold. Luckily, the room smelled fine (though it was a smoking room ... which was MY FAULT ... I completely forgot to request non-smoking, but it truly smelled fine). I brought a box of Bounce (just in case) and I did use them in the drawers  closets. The room was VERY clean  always bug free. I checked the fridge next ~ it was empty (no gallon of water, no beer, no soda) ... and (within seconds) I put my hand on the wall, and had a hand full of WET PAINT!?! I dialed O to talk to the front desk (though looking back, that was a waste, because I couldn't have communicated) ... there was no answer. My husband found the first hotel worker that he could, and he showed up in minutes with (although warm) a full lot of drinks for the fridge. The room was very cool, the A/C worked fine ... we froze in our beds the first night. AND, the language barrier IS an issue ... you CAN get by with the basics, but ... you aren't going to pull out your English to Spanish Dictionary and say I put my hand in Wet Paint or I requested a Balcony or I really prefer a Non-Smoking Room ... so you WILL let a lot of things go. WARNING: There was a fence outside of our room, with a barbed wire top ... which we also noticed on most of the businesses we passed on our bus ride the hotel. Which means ... you need to BE ALERT  BE AWARE of your surroundings. We headed out to eat ... Mamajuana's was the only choice, and it was awful. Every bad review you will read on here, about the food, is absolutely 100% true. No matter where you eat, it's bad. I won't rehash it all. Let me just say, REMEMBER the mini market has bottled water, soda, chips, etc. ~ and it's well worth PAYING for! The conversion rate is 32 cents on a dollar. Just tell the cashier you want to pay in US Dollars. My husband spent the 3rd  4th Day of our trip, running from the bathroom to the bed. He is still having issues. And, he DID NOT drink a drop of water. We blame the food. Bring lots of Immodium. The beach was gorgeous, the pool is very nice (I won't lie, as clean as it is, a condom floated by me in the jacuzzi, so I got out). Another issue ... the CONSTANT selling of goods  services is very annoying ... you begin to cringe when you hear someone say Hola ... we were approached, non-stop. The hotel staff will do ANYTHING for a tip (one even offered to carry me, on her back, from the beach to the Massage Hut!) If you go, bring LOTS OF $1's (luggage, maids, bartenders, etc.). Also, another WARNING: there are stray dogs that roam the grounds  the beach, looking for food. They seem OK with people, but do fight with each other (over food) at times. I am afraid of dogs, so they kept me very on edge. We will not go back to Punta Cana, and we will not recommend it to anyone. We are beyond THRILLED to be home.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sunshine, white beaches; relaxation; wow! Sunshine, white beaches; pool  pool bar; entertainment; relaxation what more can you ask for. If you love the sun and like relaxing on a glorious white beach under the palm trees or laying by a pool next to a pool bar or getting involved in the daily entertainment laid on by the best enertainment team I have ever met then this is the hotel for you. If you like going out and about on your own looking at the local countryside and taking in the local culture then maybe it might be best to think again. Although, do go on the trips, the monster truck safari was enlightening and very very hot {only time I got sunstroke which meant I was poorly the next day, pack those D  V tabs} and the trip to the Island by speed boat was out of this world; the 2 hour coach trip to get the the italian village was worth it, just. We spent two glorious weeks at the Riu Bambu, it is part of a 5 hotel complex; three of which you can spend as much time in as yoou want; use their pools and drink and eat during the day in the restaurant and bars. The only meal you are asked to take back at the Bambu is your evening one. The other two hotels, both have princess in their name; can't remember their exact titles; sorry are off limits. The only downside of this is that the Bambu is not off limits to the occupants of both those hotels as they are free to use the Bambu bars/restaurants and pools during the day. We did find that occasionaly this meant that the pool was filled up with the people who wore the white wrist bands as the Bambu was definately the hotel to be in if you like entertainment, but hey there was still room to join in the fun. Water arobics,  water polo were daily events together with the entertainment team getting you to join in some 'FUN games at the poolside and in the pool. However, if your not into this that's fine the staff are just as happy to let you relax and there are plenty of places to go if you want a bit of peace and quite; remember you can go to any of the three hotels in the complex. Sunbeds were aplenty on both beach and beside the pool (you can't use those beonging to the princesses}. You can put your towels down (which are provided as you get given a card on your arrival so you can collect your towel in the morning and give them back when you have finished for the day} on your sunbeds in the morning if you want a specific bed next to one of the poolsThe entertainment team were out of this world, they could not do enough for you if you were eager to join in. Thanks specifically to 'Johnny Bravo' and 'Chocolate' for a lot of fun. I have never seen a team work so hard during the day and still dance their socks off during the evening shows. If I had to grumble about anything I would say that although the dance routines were great and had different themes to them every night, they did feel a bit repetative - a comedy show or something different might have been good; mind you the fashion show they put on had my husband panting! Don't miss Caribean night on Thursdays, its a lot of fun.The rooms were very colonial, clean  tidy. We had no problem with the air condtioning or the fan as each room has both. The maids were exceptional and the rooms were cleaned thoroughly daily. We had no problems at all during our stay, however a couple we met had their room broken into as did a young couple we overheard at the pool. One of the couples had put their door key and safe key on the same key ring you are asked not to do this. They went to the beach, went swimming and had their key taken; when they returned to their room their safe had been broken into. The other couple had a watch camera and rings taken from their bedside cabinet drawer when they went for their evening meal, how the thief got in was a mystery. Just be careful and keep things on you, in your site or make friends with someone who will watch your stuff while your having a swim. I think a camera was also stolen from around the poolside, although most people took their cameras down to the pool each day.The food was very good in the main restaurant with lots of choices and special nights, ie; mexican. There was always fresh baked pitta, bread and a carvery of some sort every night. Chips for those that wanted it most night, potatoes were a bit sparse in their boiled form, but there was always a couple of choices. In all no-one should be able to moan, there was something for everyone. However, we did find the steak restaurant dissapointing, I would say don't bother with booking this one - you have to get up early to book this anyway - other people on the night we went were leaving most of their meals and leaving early as well, so we were not the only ones to think the food was yuck! After that we did not try the other two specilist restaurants, but give them a go and make your own mind up.The staff are courtious and helpful, especially if you tip early. You don't have to tip alot a couple of dollars works wonders. The bar staff are mostly jolly all the time and burst into song and do the occasional dance behind the bar, in the evenings, they might even get you to join in. The pool bar is wonderful during the day, but drink plenty of water and limit the alchol or you will dehydrate. Thermas jugs ae possibly a good idea if you go the the beach for the day, but not really needed if you lay close to the pool. All I can say is that the Bambu was the liveliest of the hotels day and night, go and enjoy.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on earth I've been for honeymoon at the Bambu and everythings started great. Welcome drinks at the arrivel, a quick introduction and after 5 minutes in our room the luggage also has been brought - What a service!!The rooms are verry clean and the room maid had good ideas how to decorate the rooms. Red balloons, towells modelled to some kind of animals or hearts with different types of flowers. One night there was some noise because of an animal on the roof but just after one call the problem was solved by the room service and there was no further animal during our stay.We were there 2 weeks and the only thing that is a little negative (but you have to no this before travelling there) is that there is no town or something like that outside the Hotels were you could go for a walk. The only way to get some impressions is to book a jeep safary and to visiit some traditional places in the outback...The beach is greeeeaaaaat!!! I've never seen something like that before. And it doesn't matter if you are sleeping long or wake up early. You will ever get a chair at the beach under the palms.Annimation is ok. But don't think that they have always higher level shows. The bars are also good but take care. They don't save the rum...Food: All you can eat!! But it may be that the oil they cook with will not that good to your stomach. I had no problems, my wife had. As we ate the same it depands on how your stomach will react. Everyone was nice and most of them had always a smile.I will recommend the hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time!!! We just got back from a week at the Riu Bambu. It was wonderful!!! I was skeptical due to the bad reviews but after being there I just DON'T know how anyone can say such awful things about the Riu. We were treatly very well upon arrival. Our room was ready and and luggage was brought to us immediately. We asked to change rooms b/c we were so far away from everything and had a 5 year old. NO PROBLEM!!!!! Our rooms were great, we brought a candle and the room smelled lovely. People have complained about the beds being hard, I found that to be untrue. The beds are firm but it doens't get in the way of a good's night sleep, at all. ALL the staff were happy, kind, helpful and wonderful. I found no problem with language. It makes sense to learn a few key phrases of Spanish, it is the native language. Expecting everyone to be fluent in English is crazy. When you visit another counrty, learn some of the language. The beach was the most fabulous beach I've seen. It rivals everything. The pool was great too. The food was plentiful. There was something for everyone!!! Again, anyone complaining about the food must be far too picky. It was wonderful and thoroughly cooked. You can eat lunch at the Colonial if Mama Jaunas doesn't interest you, that's what I did. I enjoyed my trip and I would go back in a minute. Hope this is helpful. Contact me if you want more specifics.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, Beautiful Beach We returned last week from spending 6 days at this Riu hotel. It is the first time we stayed at this hotel chain. We were a little skeptical because of the earlier reviews but decided to give it a chance since most of the reviews were about a particular food poisening and some were people you just were very picky. We had gone to Punta Cana twice before, once about 16 years ago when there was only 1 other hotel and another time about 405 years ago. However, that hotel was booked so we decided to stay at this one since the price was great and the Hotel chain was reputable.Overall, the experience was very good. I'll give you some details.On arrival: Staff was very friendly, awaiting us with some fruit drinks. Check-in was very speedy.Room: We had read in the reviews about musty mattresses. We did not have this problem. Actually, our family was 2 adults and 2 childrens and we had a total of 4 beds in our room, 2 full size beds and 2 twins which made sleeping quite comfortable. yes, the room was a little bit crowded but sleeping was good. The A/C was very cold and worked well. I would of preferred more blankets however. My bed was in front of the A/C vent and I was freezing. The bedspread and sheets were very thin. It was great that each room had a mini bar/refrigerator that was stocked with soda, bottled water, beer and hard liquor and all this was included - no extra fees. Also, the shower pressure and hot water was great. I think I took extra long shower just for the great water pressure.Food: Was o.k. Breakfast and Dinner at the main buffet were very good. Lunch was not that great. Lunch at Mama Juana's did not have much variety. We tried 2 of the 3 specialty restaurants because we did not want to waste our last night at the 3rd one since we were not that thrilled with the first 2. Mama Juana's becomes the Mediterranean/Steak House at night with a dividing wall in between. Eventhough the Mediterranean Restaurant had 1 or 2 more choices than the Steak House, the food was really no good. You had a menu which basically told you what your meal was going to be. All you picked from was a choice of 2-3 main entrees, everything else was chosen for you. The service was slower at these 2 restaurants also. However, I will say that all the meat at this Hotel was very good and very tender. Overall, Like I said before, Breakfast and Dinner are great at the main Buffet only but lunch was mediocre at best everywhere on the property. Drinks are all inclusive and if you don't mind that you are not getting brand names than you'll be o.k. We don't drink but some friends of ours that went on the trip with us liked Presidente beer, which is made in the Dominican Republic, and they don't carry it in the hotels, so he was not happy with that. All the drinks were generic brands, except the soda, they carry Pepsi brand.Service: Excellent, everyone was very friendly. $1 goes a long way. We gave one of the guys by the pool about $1 every day and he would save us lounge chairs every morning just for us for the length of our stay. There is also some nice men around the hotel and beach selling Coconuts right from the tress for $1. One piece of advise: Try to know some spanish if you go shopping. You will get much better deals if you know spanish than if they think you're American. We know both spanish and english and at the marketplace by the beach the prices started much higher when you didn't know spanish than when you did.Shopping: The marketplace by the beach which is about 1.5 miles walking along the beach from the hotel is much better than going into the marketplace in the city. They were a little more friendly when negotiating prices.Beach: Excellent. This has to be one of the best beaches I've been to around the world. The sand is white powder soft. The palm trees are everywhere so if you want sun you can get it and if you just want to lay around and rest you can find yourself a palm tree to sleep under. There are hardly no waves and the few that there are, you can't even notice. The water is beautiful.Acitivities: There are not much activities at the hotel for children, except Ping Pong and a very small kids club. There are ceramics for painting by the pool (for a charge) and some water activities at the beach. The basketball court needs to be fixed, not to mention that there only basketball was flat. The hotel seemed to have shows every night however, we always went to a late dinner after being in the pool and beach all day and after dinner just went back to our rooms and relaxed watching TV.One other good thing is that you can go to the other Riu Hotels if you like and enjoy their pools. However, you cannot drink or eat at either of the 2 palaces if you're staying at the Bambu. We went to the new Riu Punta Cana Palace which is a few feet away from the Bambu and enjoyed their beautiful pool. This was only the 2nd week open for this hotel so it was brand new. The only bad thing is that if we go in their pool we can't drink there. However, our children were given drinks at the pool bar. This should change and we should be allowed to drink at all of the RUI hotels.I would recommend this hotel. It was a very relaxing vacation and the Beach is beautiful, the pool is great, especially with the swim-up bar and the people are very, very friendly with their I Love my job attitude.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beccybobeccy
<Content>Loved the Bambu!! I'm not sure how anyone can write a bad thing about the Bambu it was a fabulous place and perfect in my opinion for couples, groups of friends or families. There is something for everyone. From start to finish we were treated impeccably. Everything was explained to us on arrival, we were given a cocktail and our bags were delivered to our rooms within 5 minutes of us arriving there. The food and drink selection was vast and had something for every taste. Every thing was well prepared and very tasty!! The pool was gorgeous with enough shade and beds for everyone if necessary. The beach was incredible even so far as comparing it with one of the hotels next door. The beach outside of the Bambu was far superior. No rocks, no seaweed just beautiful soft sand and clear blue sea. We did an excursion through the hotel to Saona Island which was amazing too but even this beach was not as good as the hotel's own beach. The thing that absolutely makes this place is the people. I have never met such a lovely body of staff. The cleaners, the waiters, bartenders everyone is so accomodating and friendly and will chat to you at will and do anything they can for you. The Entertainment staff (Animacion) really top every thing off. These guys work long hours and are constantly on top of their game. They are a real credit to the hotel. Special mention goes to Benjamin, Richard, Oliver, Chocolate, Mattau, Coochi, Daisy, Joany, Johnny Bravo, and dancing guy who i can't remember the name of. They are crazy, hilarious and so friendly. (I LOVE MY JOB!!) They often just sit and have a drink and a chat even after they have been working for 12 hours. This is one of the only resorts that I have been to where I would say that I will definitely be going back somewhen soon. It was a real pleasure and I was sad to leave.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bambu snafu PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW. I AM A SINGLE PARENT WHO THOUGHT SHE WAS GOIING TO TO SHOW HER 11 YEAR OLD SON PARADISE!! WRONG!!! i saved all year for this trip and it was awful!! the hotel is not clean. it is old and dingy. the lighting was terrible, i assume because they didnt want you to see the dirt! my friend had to have her room switched because there was vomit on her mattress. her new room had a lizard in it!! no one from the front desk would come down to the room even after 7 phone calls, because it was raining. we had to handle the situation ourselves, and we did!! the food was the worst i ever had! there is little, if any refridgeration at all. the meat sat out all day. it was frightning! several people got food poisioning when i was there, including my friend. we ate french fries all week. they claim they have several restaurants, they have one. mama juana, were lunch is, becomes the steakhouse and the meditranian at night, with only a curtain dividing the two. it realy is gross! the food in never cooked all the way. i wouldnt even let my son eat anything, we both actually lost weight!!! there is no nightlife at all! there were no shows or anything to do!! theLIQUOR was NOT TOP SELF!!! some brand normandy, it was awful!! i couldnt even get a good drink!!! one day i went to the bar and pulled up the chair and there it was, I GIANT COCKROACHE!!! when i went to the buffet, one was climbing the wall next to me and the people went off screaming!! the beach was nice but really not worth it. the beaches in the gulf side of florida are just as nice. PEOPLE, BELIEVE AN AVERAGE PERSON LIKE MYSELF, YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.!! PICK SOME WHERE ELSE TO VISIT! IT TRUELY IS A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY!!! IT IS NOT 5 APPLES!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cubanonojo
<Content>great holidy!! The bambu was a lovely hotel, brilliant for families. The entertainment team were great and the phrase I love my job has travelled home with us, there were a few issues with upset stomaches, but I think its a mixtue of everything including the tropical heat water and free booze. A couple on our flight had a bad experience as there 19 month old baby was rushed into hospital then let out and then rushed back in again with pneumonia, and made me think about actually having to use the insurance which i have always taken for granted there were several people who had visited hospital in punta cana and had stressful experiences dealing with their insurance providers. The rooms were not the best ive stayed in but were clean and the musty smell that you first experience does not last. Apparently its to do with the bananas!!!! It is a gorgeous beach and the hotel is in a riu village with its own carribean street where the entertainment staff have carnival nights and they all sing and dance it was great. They have barbeques on the beach, all games and sports around the hotel so you can be as busy or as lazy as you choose. Only problem girls hair straighteners are a no no. In order to use straighteners you have to rent a transformer from reception because they just dont heat up and keep cutting out, only thing reception only have 5 so had to have a few bad hair nights, after a few drinkies you dont care!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bambu, I miss U       Beach Shot  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most amazing place I have ever stayed I had never thought about writing a review before, but after reading the ridiculous comments about the Riu Bambu Hotel written by a trip advisor member, I felt I had to comment. The reason for me logging onto this site today is to book my 2nd trip to Riu Bambu. My partner and I stayed at the Bambu in September 2005 and could not wait to return. I have done quite a lot of travelling and have stayed at many good hotels including The Hilton in Las Vegas and The Melia in Singapore, and this is by far the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in.When we first arrived at the hotel we were immediately blown away by the impressive reception. It is absolutely out of this world. We were also greeted by the hotel manager and extremely friendly staff who made us feel like royalty and nothing was too much trouble for them. Check in was done quickly and efficiently, and we were brought complimentry fruit cocktails on silver trays to cool us down while we were checking in. Yes, it is humid in the hotel, but most of the hotel is open air, and if you are going to travel to the Carribbean, what do you expect?! After checking in, we went to our room, and our luggage was bought to us soon after. We were very impressed by the quality of our room. It was very comfortable and extremely spacious, as was the bathroom. There was a fridge filled with beers, soft drinks and a gallon bottle of water which is restocked every other day as are the 4 optic bottles containing rum, whiskey, vodka and gin. My only piece of advice is to take a smaller bottle that you can fill from the gallon bottle of water to take out with you during the day. The room was also air conditioned and lovely and cool. Shortly after arriving in our room we received a phone call from the hotel manager asking if everything was ok which we thought was a nice touch. The rest of the hotel is also of an extremely high standard. There is a main large swimming pool with swim up bar and a jacuzzi area plus a smaller pool which is used mainly for basic scuba diving training which is part of the all inclusive deal. The more in depth scuba diving training is available at extra cost. There are 3 other bars at the hotel all serving a wide variety of drinks. The main buffet restaurant is absolutely amazing, I have never seen such a huge variety of food in my life! There is everything you could possibly imagine from pasta, rice and pizza, to all diferent types of meat, vegetables and bread. I have never seen so many desserts in my life either! Every dish is clearly labled so you know exactly what you are eating. The waiting staff are also extremely friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble for them either. The a la carte restaurant is also out of this world, I have never eaten so well! You are also welcome to dine at some of the restaurants in the nearby hotels, you just need to book a table on the day you wish to eat there. Make sure you book early in the morning to avoid disappointment as the tables get booked very quickly. There is an open air theatre which has shows every night, which are very entertaining. The entertainment staff are fantastic and work so hard as they are also around all day giving aerobic sessions, darts, archery and ping pong competitions and inventing crazy games in the swimming pool which are great fun! We made great friends with some of the entertainment staff and they made us feel so welcome. The main language is Spanish but nearly all of the staff speak English, some of them perfectly. There are a couple of shops in the hotel, as well as a gym and a children's play area. About a minute's walk from the hotel , through some palm trees and you are on an amazingly beautiful beach with soft white sand and crystal clear sea. Many water sports are offered as part of the all inclusive deal, including canoeing and snorkelling. The beach is busy, but never uncomfortably crowded. A fifteen minute stroll along the beach or along the path among the palm trees takes you to Carribbean street, here there are many more shops including gift shops, jewellery shops, hair and beauty salons and a chemist. There is also another gym, a casino and a nightclub. In the evening , this is busy and bustling and they often have street parties which are so colourful and entertaining. There are many excursions which you can book to go on through your tour operator. I would highly recommend the Monster Truck safari and the swimming with dolphins trips. This really was the most fantastic holiday we have ever experienced and the amazing, hotel and it's wonderful staff was the icing on the cake. I would not condider staying anywhere else in the Dominican Republic other than the Riu Bambu because once you have experienced paradise, why would you want to stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wed at the Bambu!!! My now husband and I were married at the RIU BAMBU May 18th, 2006. We traveled with a group of 23 people, (20 adults and 3 kids). My husband and I stayed 2 weeks and our guest鈥檚 just one. I will make sub titles for this review so it is easier to navigate it. Now before I write this review everyone keep in mind that this is a 3rd world country.DEAPRTING TO PUNTA CANA OUT OF TORONTO ONTARIO: We were scheduled to depart at 4:00pm in the afternoon May 13th, 2006. The plane didn鈥檛 depart until almost 4:45 which put us in Punta Cana at around 9:30pm that evening. The airport was very neat to see, and there was nothing to it. We got in line, went through the whole check in thing, passport stamps and got our bags and we were on our way. No one there really talks to you they just want your money and your papers, which is fine by me, the sooner I get to the resort the better. The bus transportation there was nothing to special. Our sunquest rep went over a few things and it was only about 20 minutes from the airport until we got to Riu Bambu.CHECK IN: No problems at all, got in line, cocktails (which is really just fruit juice in a nice glass) was served while we waited (which wasn鈥檛 that long.) We gave our hotel voucher, got our keys and away we went.ROOMS: We were located in the 600 building, ground level along with some of our guests as well as the 500 building right in front of it. The rooms were cool when we got there; the mini bar was cold and fully stocked. Rooms were clean, no musty/moldy smell that we or our guests found. The rooms were very spacious; plenty of closet space, drawer and counter space, very nice TV and the bathroom was a shower/tub combo which I was pleased with. There were a few bugs outside the room but they have those door sweep protectors under the doors so nothing gets in. The rooms had 2 double beds pushed together to make a big king size (be careful about sleeping in the middle though, the floor offers up and pretty hard hit!) Yes its, true the beds are hard and the pillows are even worse. But by the time you hit your bed at night, the days activities (or lack there of) makes you so tired, you don鈥檛 even realize it and it is morning again. I brought my own pillow and made the mistake of leaving it out. The maid traded me her $1 dollar pillow case for my $20 dollar one, which was pretty much my mistake, I left it out and my case was the same color as there's. I have read that some people have been offered to pay $50 dollars extra to get upgraded to a suite and were surprised at what the word suite had to offer. Well included in our wedding package was a free room upgrade which we decided to use once our guests had gone home. We asked for it and they handed us a key and said go see if you like it. So we did and we loved it, and no everyone there is no jacuzzi, so if you planning on sitting in a hot tub filled with air bubbles on your vacation, sorry to burst your bubble. The first suite we had the air was cold but it was dripping what just looked like some condensation from the vent. When we called they came up right away and realized it was broken and they moved us to another suite right down the hall. The suites are very nice. Double sinks, separate toilet room, balcony had lounge chairs on it, very nice living room, furniture was gorgeous, the pictures had there own lights shining down on them. Room was not very cool because it was so big, but the air was blowing cool and they fans were on. They provided us with an extra floor fan which did the trick. They had our room all decorated with balloons and flowers, a fruit platter, champaign on ice with two champaign glasses (because we got married there.) So I give the rooms, 4 out of 5 stars.POOL AND BEACH: It鈥檚 true, RIU Bambu has the nicest beach front there, just take a small walk in both directions and you will see why. The pool chairs were unobtainable if you slept past 9am. We were up one morning at 4:30am to watch the sunrise and by 5:50am a lot of the chairs were already reserved. People just leave there towel and like a hat or something on there chair, and I swear they go back to bed. Anyways plenty of chairs at the beach though. The pool is average for this hotel. Could be bigger but it is not too bad. The only thing we noticed a lot of was the guests from the other resorts were spending the day at our hotel, because only the Bambu and the new Palace Punta Cana have swim up bars(except for the Taino had a very small one.) And also bambu was kickin' during the day. Dancing, music, beach BBQ's, games. Our resort was so awesome; everyone kept flocking over and taking up space. We met so many people from the palace who came over day after day. Anyways like I said pool was ok, a little on the warm side but still cooled you off very well. There is a jacuzzi in the pool to, very nice.FOOD: Obviously it鈥檚 not what we are used to or eat at home everyday, but none the less it was good. Breakfast was the best. Mr. Tortilla (the omelet guy) was awesome, and they are to die for. Lunch was either served at the Mama Juana or the main buffet. The main buffet carried more selection but the mama Juana was quicker and just as good. We had our wedding reception at the Caribe Grill at the Palace Macao, and it was the best restaurant there. You are allowed to reserve there if you are staying at the Bambu, it is included in the restaurant offers. We tried the Mediterranean, neat to go but food was not so great. The steakhouse was actually really good. Can鈥檛 go wrong with a steak and potatoes! The rest of the nights we ate at the buffet. They had theme nights which made it fun like Mexican night where all the waiters dressed up and same with Caribbean night. Good food, a little repetitive if you鈥檙e not open to trying new things. But the basics, potatoes, rice, meat, fish, pizza, vegetables, bread. The la'carte restaurants you could make reservations for them in the morning between 7 and 10am, we got there later in the morning usually, and usually ended up with the 9pm seating. If you want the early seating be there by 8:30am. But don鈥檛 be scared off by the menu at the Caribe Grill. Looks fancy, but isn鈥檛 so. It is so good. So all in all you鈥檙e not going to starve, and you kids will love the fries and hot dogs. We were there for 2 weeks, so to us, anything seemed repetitive at that point. Saturdays they had beach BBQ's. It鈥檚 so neat, you can see the workers forming palm tree leaves as a gazebo and setting up there cook stuff there. There is a live band on the beach, drinks, dancing or just good people watching.NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENT: Not the best. Some shows were ok, like Grease and I鈥檝e heard the Michael Jackson is good. Some of them were funny when the audience got involved but other than that we didn鈥檛 stay there for long. We were so tired at the end of the night from really doing nothing all day that we would head back to our rooms because we couldn鈥檛 stay awake. For those who are into the disco stuff, there is one on Caribbean Street and my sister and her friend (18 yrs) had a great time there. They loved it. Thursday is the Caribbean party, very cool, be sure to take a walk down there. They have dancers, shows, games, and bars along the sidewalks. Caribbean street is not even a 3 minute walk from the Bambu, people over exaggerate a lot about that. It was great and well worth it. There is no where off the resort to go at night so if you are counting on long nightly entertainment, don鈥檛 come to punta cana, its a bare, poor town.OUR WEDDING: We were married there on the 18th of May in the wedding gazebo at the RIU BAMBU. Magnolia was the wedding co-coordinator and she was awesome. She took care of everything, and she will really work with you no matter what you want. Our wedding was scheduled for 1pm but when we got there we asked for it to be later in the day, so she had it for 3pm. She lets you pick out of a book what kind of flowers you want, you can mix and match, and for the groom, he can have a lay or a boutonniere. I choose the lay, it was made with all real flowers to match mine and so much nicer. My flowers were nothing but awesome. You can order extra flowers for you wedding party if you want, I did. The decorations of the wedding gazebo were awesome. All the wedding arches down the aisle were made of palm leaves with flowers in them. They set up chairs for your guests, they have champaign poured and served after your pronounced husband and wife. A friend of my sisters sang for me as I walked down the aisle. She got her a microphone and my sister鈥檚 friend brought the instrumental to the song. She helped you with all the dinner reservations that you want for the evening. We had to pay $300 extra because we wanted to have our reception at the Caribe Grill which is a restaurant on stilts by the ocean. The most beautiful place I have seen. We brought our own decorations there. All we did was buy shells from the dollar store, took some sand from the beach and put the sand in the bottom of a some of there wine glass and filled it with shells. It looked so perfect. They had the tables decorated with all white linens, white chair covers and candles. The wedding cake was so much better than I had expected. Not cheesy at all, just gorgeous. The top had real flowers on top that matched my bouquet. Now comes the tricky part, the photography. In our package it included 24 5x7's. When we met with the photographer before the wedding (which magnolia will explain) he will try to sell you whatever he can. There is $650US dollar package which includes all kinds of crap, and then there is a $400US package which I don鈥檛 think I even listened to. Other than that he takes about 80 pictures and you pick out of those whatever your package includes. Now I asked him how much is it if I just want to buy a few extra. He said $8 per picture. So we let on that we were going to buy a few extra (even if you aren鈥檛) because you can still have a lot to choose from. So in the end he took almost 100 pictures and we chose 32. So we paid $64US for our extra pictures. Now we likeed a lot more, but didn鈥檛 want to pay the money. So my husband went to him 2 days before we left and offered him $40 cash to give us a burned CD will all the wedding pictures on them and he did. So that is why I say, let on that you will buy extra just to have the pictures, then even if you don鈥檛 buy any offer him a little cash and he will most likely just give you the digital copy of them all. The way we looked at it, and I am sure he does too, is that he is just going to throw them away so why not take the cash. He takes such nice pictures it is unbelievable, and after you see them you would want to buy them all right away but remember that money saving tip!If you could have changed one thing about our wedding day was the weather. It was hot. And my husband was sick with a sinus infection, There is also a pianist included in your wedding package and he plays for you as you are walking down the aisle and down the resort walkway (you have to walk through there to get to the wedding gazebo) and people watch you as if you are a celebrity. But I watched other couples get married there that week too, and it is just so breathtaking you can鈥檛 help but watch.For our wedding attire, I wore a little beaded chiffon, wedding dress with white flip flops and the groom wore khaki pants and a white button down shirt with brown leather sandals. Looked awesome!!We would recommend it to anyone, it was the best! With us being young and had gone to all our friends traditional weddings we wanted something different that everyone could really relax and enjoy and this was it!! Cheaper than a traditional wedding too!EXCURSIONS: Our group went on the Bavaro Splash, which were the speed boats and the snorkeling. It was very good and well worth the $62. It was so fun driving the little speedboats (which children won鈥檛 be able to drive) and then getting boated across the lagoon to a platform boat and given equipment and snorkeling guides to take you around. My husband and I also did the deep sea fishing excursion on a Friday afternoon and by Saturday morning our room was still spinning. It was an excellent experience, but very rough seas (which to them is the norm). Half of the boat was puking over the edge a time or two, and another boat just went it earlier because they were all sick. But we did catch a Mahi Mahi ( which is a dolphin fish), very neat to see its so huge and full of colors, and very fun to real in. And we also caught a barracuda. A huge fish that had a mouthful of sharp teeth. Another boat earlier that morning caught a white Marlin, a huge fish. But the guides were right there to get you set up to real something in and take it off the line. We always booked through our tour rep, not those people going around on the beach selling excursions because there鈥檚 always some small print involved with them, and no insurance if anything were to ever happen. Very expensive; $100 per person for four hours which included everything from your bait to your alcohol. So if you have a strong stomach go for it, but if not bring a towel and wet clothes to clean yourself up after you hang yourself over the side for an hour!TIPS: Bring small bills. They seem to find it hard to give you back change. Bargin, bargin, bargin. If something is $20US, offer them $8 and walk away they will keep coming back. Make sure to leave the maid a little tip. You鈥檒l see the difference in your room, as well as the waiters. Use your safety deposit box; don鈥檛 leave anything of value out! If you鈥檙e ordering a pre-mixed drink and you want alcohol in it, ask for it, they don鈥檛 put it in unless you ask. The beer is not El Presidante, which was a bit of a let down, so we found that a lime in the beer did the trick. Bring your bug spray, because there are a lot of mosquitos. If you are prone to getting nasty mosquito鈥檚 bites (which I am) you will be thankful for bug spray. They have a lot of things you鈥檇 find at home at there little shops in the hotel lobby, (e.g. Sin-u-tab, Tylenol,Scope mouthwash, Doritos, Pringles) so if you forgot something it will most likely be there, not to badly priced either. You can eat breakfast and lunch at the main restaurant in your bathing suit (just make sure it isn鈥檛 wet.) Oh yes, and the towel service there, you might as well keep your towels at the end of the day because we are almost positive that they just fold up the semi-wet ones and give them back out the next morning. They only replace beach towels until 11am, so get there before then if you鈥檙e going to trade them. In your room if you want fresh towels, then your used ones are to go in the bathtub. Those guys who come around the pool taking pictures with parrots, and monkeys take fabulous pictures, and they place them on a board at night near the restaurant so you can buy them if you want. And remember to have a great vacation and don鈥檛 sweat the small stuff, soak up the sun (or the shade), have some drinks and relax.If you would like to see photos, feel free to email me and I will send you them.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dave_R_P
<Content>Paradise Just got back from hols and had to write a few lines about this hotel. It is fantastic. I wont bore you with to much detail only the important points that I feel will help you. All the staff are friendly and helpful. Did not feel like it was All Inclusive the way they served you. Go on the Monster Truck trip and the Animal Adventure Park, they were wonderfull.You can keep Europe, I'm going to go againENJOY!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not What Was Advertised My wife and I spent three nights and four days at the Riu Bambu in mid-May. The trip was arranged by Apple Vacations. We will never arrange a trip through Apple again. The only thing that pleased us during our stay was the USA3000 flight from Philly Intl, the beach at the RIU Bambu, and the wonderful British friends we made by the pool bar. Flying USA 3000 was wonderful. Plane left at 6:00 a.m. We were given juice service and a coffee cake immediately after takeoff. Later, we had a choice of egg sandwich on a bagel or biscuit during flight. We also had movies. Well above what one expects of an airline these days. Plane landed in Punta Cana at 9:35 a.m. We had the entire day to play! Met the Apple Rep who took us to the bus. There was a 45 minute bus ride, with little air conditioning on the bus.. We were told by Apple Rep who left us with others on the bus, we would meet our Apple Rep in the lobby at 5:00 p..m. that day. Arrived at RIU Bambu, the bus driver dropped us of on the sidewalk and made no attempt to help us with our bags. There was noone to help us up the steps with our bags. We went to Reception Desk. There were no welcome cocktails like we read about in reviews. There was nothing but a Front Desk. We were more than willing to wait until regular check in time, 3:00 p.m., as we already had our suits on. However, Reception said they had a suite available for an additional $50 USD per night. We agreed and paid the $50 USD per night. What a rip off and mistake!!! TIP#1: When upgrading your room, if you think there is a jacuzzi, based on things you have read, ask before paying the additional upgrade fee. The bellman helped us to our room. We arrived in room 107, on the ground floor. Upon entering the room, we were kicked to the floor with the stifling heat and humidity and an otherworldly odor of mustiness in the room. We quickly turned the air on and went to the fridge for a drink. The fridge was well stocked but hot, yes hot. With regard to water, you are given a gallon jug, but you are not given individual bottles of water. TIP #2: Bring a few of your own bottles of water from home. This way, once they are used, you can refill them and put them in the fridge. Also, if you like iced tea or other drinks, get some individual serving size of say, Crystal Light, to pour into your water bottles. We were in our room for a few minutes when Reception immediately phoned to ask if everything is okay. We told them the fridge was not working and the air was not on. This initial phone call was a nice touch. The only problem was, it was not effective. Front desk sent two repairmen who scratched there heads and told us it was fixed, in Spanish. IMy wife understands and speak Spanish pretty well. Repairmen told us it would take a while to cool down the fridge. We were very thirsty and hot and decided to rinse off in the shower and head to the bar and the pool. We went in the bathroom and found the left sink's hot water faucet was running, not dripping, running. And, for a suite, there was no jacuzzi! (Refer to Tip#1) But, we were thirsty and hot and just wanted to get a drink and get wet. We phoned front desk and told them about the running water. They said, No problemo! We unpacked, we figured the air would start to cool off the room, and fridge would get the drinks cold. Wanted desperately to get a cool drink and a dunk in cool waters. TIP#3: Do not unpack or leave your room, until everything is to your liking and functioning properly. Once you leave, it is a real pain to change rooms. From reading the reviews, we knew to go directly to the Plaza Bar. Drinks at the Plaza Bar were most welcome and delicious. As advised, we asked for the Dominican Special and it was special and delicious. We would soon find out that the drinks were the only things delicious at the Bambu. We went to the beach. Found paradise! Any description of the beach you may read, does not do it justice. One must see to believe. The beach is lined with palm trees and the water is warm and turquoise. It was beautiful. We had no problem finding a lounge chair. We spent a few hours on the beach and then went to the pool bar, had a few more cool delicious drinks. TIP#4: The Bubba Keg or insulated container is not just good for cocktails. we found it useful for water to keep hydrated between drinks. TIP # 5: By 2:00 p.m., there were no lounge chairs available, but someone offered to save us a lounger. Naturally, we said yes and tipped a few bucks. For back-up towel, bring your own beach towel. Not only does it distinguish your seat from anyone elses, at the Riu Bambu, they ran out of clean, dry towels around 3:00 p.m. When we went back to the room, it was still ungodly hot in the room. The drinks in the fridge were still warm and the faucet was still running. Worst of all was the stench. It was still there even though we had an air freshner fan running. TIP#6: Bring Oust Fan, Air Freshener Solid, Jarred Candles and/or Glade plug-ins. TIP#7: If the room still smells that badly with all of the air fresheners running, GET ANOTHER ROOM - THE MOLD IS A SERIOUS PROBLEM. We showered and dressed for dinner, sweating the entire time. Please note, the bathroom had two sinks, a toilet, bidet, tub with handheld shower but no exhaust fan and a hair dryer that does not work well (Bring your own with the proper adapter). Additionally, there were two hooks next to the shower to hang your robe etc. The bathroom was spacious enough for the wife and I to do our thing and not bump into each other. But, beware, the shower head has a life of its own and on one day, the water was turned off, so you could not flush or wash hands. Yes, toilet articles are supplied but bring your own. The toilet articles supplied were of the cheapest quality we have ever seen. No big deal though because we never use the toilet articles a hotel provides. Did not even bother to take them home for the little one. Also, in the interest of avoiding sickness, I would recommend bringing your own liquid anti-bacterial soft type soap and sanitizer. Every time we washed our hands with their water, we sanitized after. We even carried around travel sanitizer to use in public restrooms. Finally, we found a card in the bathroom telling us, in the interest of conservation, discard dirty towels in the tub and only those discarded towels would be replaced. Found this very impressive. TIP#8: Yes, you need to bring your own face cloths/washcloth. The room came with two bath towels and two fingertip towels. Find your housekeeper on day one, tip her well, and tell her how many towels you would like daily. Our housekeeper was great about giving us towels. Also, you might want to ask for a few extra towels to put on the floor. The floors were marble and very slippery when wet. We never received a bath mat for the floor. Finally, in tip#8: make sure there is always a spare roll of toilet paper in your bathroom. If the roll in the holder is filled, they will not leave another. If and when the REVENGE hits, it is quite possible you could go through another roll. Also, in the event of the REVENGE, pack wet wipes. The toilet paper is standard one ply. We use the standard one ply at home, but, when you have the REVENGE, Charmin is a dream. TIP#9: Two glasses were in the sink area. To avoid rinsing your toothbrush with the water from the sink, we advise storing your toothbrush in a glass full of mouthwash and using the mouthwash to rinse. Prefill it the night before. Also, if you are not a morning person and the first thing you do when you rise is brush your teeth, put a hand towel over the sink to remind your morning brain not to use the sink water. If you do not want to go the mouthwash storage route, ask for an extra gallon of water each day to keep in the bathroom. Also, bring a back up toothbrush in case you do accidently clean one off with sink water. Now that we have covered the bathroom, we will return to our trip. We left for dinner. By the way, long pants are not required for men at the buffet for dinner. They are required for the a la carte restaurants. Ladies, do not over dress, you will be sorry. The lobby, Plaza bar and theater are open air with no air conditioning. As expected in a subtropical island, it is rather humid and we did not have any days of a cool ocean breeze. So, my advice, wear a light sun dress and little makeup. Don't even bother packing a light sweater. Unless you are always cold, you will never need it and will actually wish you were in your bathing suit. Finally, on the way to dinner, we stopped at front desk and told of the faucet and the air. Front desk, told us,No Problemo, we will take care of it. Dinner at the Colonial Buffet.... When you check-in, you are given a card with your room number on it and which dinner seating you prefer: 6:00 p.m. or 8:30 p.m. When you arrive at the buffet, show the card to the maitre'd. He will assign a waiter who will escort you to your table. (Don't loose your card, this is your I.D. for renting water sports. It is not your pool card though.) If you would like an outside table, now is the time to ask. But, we do not recommend one because as we said, as expected, there is no cool breeze in May, at least not during our stay there. With regard to the food: we don't know what other people who said the food was good eat at home, but we found it to be disgusting. Everything had an odd taste and things on the salad bar looked like they had been sitting all day. One reason the food looks like it has been sitting is that the room itself is supposed to be air conditioned and has ceiling fans, but with the open doors and the inside cooking, it is cool but not comfortably cool. In other words, it is relief from the outside, but after a few minutes, it is warm again. Okay, back to the food: Yes, there is pizza, but, it does not resemble US pizza(No, corn and hot dogs are not acceptable toppings.) Yes, there is pasta, but, again, it does not taste like any pasta dish I have ever eaten, unless you stick with the pasta with butter sauce and garlic. There was a carving station, but the meat was not recognizable. We often referred to the meats we found here as...MYSTERY MEAT. There are a variety of veggies, but if they were common veggies(I.e. corn, carrots, brussel sprouts), they appeared frozen, not fresh. Local veggies were obviously fresh and some were served deep fried. They have a large assortment of breads, but we found them to be mostly stale. My wife's saving grace were the papas fritas (french fries) and croissants. Even though the chefs were working hard cooking in front of you, it all just looked, smelled and tasted gross. Besides,we have never seen hot dogs cooked in so many different ways in our lives. They actually had a dish that had hotdogs cooked in a cinnamon type sauce. After devouring the fries and croissants nightly, my wife's dinner usually consisted of desserts. I usually at the white rice. The desserts were pretty good, but again, some were melting because of improper cold food storage. TIP#10: Firm rule: if you do not know what it is...don't eat it. It just might be goat stew! Also, it is faster to get your own water, soda or wine. After dinner, we tried to watch the show. We were in a sub-tropical climate and the theater was open air and there was too much smoke (FYI My wife is a smoker. If a smoker complains, it is real bad.) We decided to take a stroll on the beach under the full moon. What a delight! We walked almost as far as the shopping stands. TIP #11: Bring a small flashlight to light your way. Take a cocktail with you for the walk. It is the nicest walk you will ever take in your life. Also, for the beach, if you smoke, bring a travel ashtray to use at all times. This way you are not dropping litter on such a beautiful beach. After our delightful walk, we went back to room, it was still hot. We figured out the master switch by the door, turned off the electric and the air conditioning. So, we left a note on the switch asking that it not be turned off. Also, the rooms do not have digitally controlled thermostats. From what I have read, the newer builds are installing digitally controlled thermostats. TIP #12: Bring post-it notes to leave notes for the housekeeper and fridge guy. We put the note on top of the tip. For the housekeeper, we left it under her name card and for the fridge guy, we left the note and tip in the fridge, so the housekeeper would not take it accidentally We slept poorly but were glad we brought my own pillow cases and top sheets from home, as the linens and the room smelled of moldiness. Barely slept in the heat of the room. My wife has allergies to mold and her throat started to close during the night. Thankfull, she brought all of her allergy meds and inhaler. Also, I figured we should keep the bathroom door closed so the air would have less area to cool off. Hot water faucet was still running in bathroom. Next day...Breakfast. It was wonderful. Everything you could and would want on a breakfast buffet. We filled up on breakfast. You really can鈥檛 mess up breakfast. Lunch at the Mamajuana...we noticed recycled food from dinner and breakfast. Plates that were on the breakfast buffet were simply moved to the Mamajuana. They also served leftover things from dinner. Yes, there is a chef to replenish some of the hot things. But, since it is open air, all food is sitting out in heat. The cold foods are not sitting in ice. They are sitting on top of what appears to be a cold ceramic type thing. My wife bit into a croissant sandwich with bad mayo. So, she stuck with eating fries. I stuck with eating the rice. Dinner was the same as the previous night. On day 2, in addition to the mold allergy in high gear, what little my wife ate, gave her the Revenge. She was up all night and she kept me up too! Thank goodness for Imodium. We cannot pin point what made her sick. She did not drink too much, avoided cocunut, drank only bottled water and followed a strict hand sanitation routine. Guess we will never know.During our stay, the fridge never got the drinks cold. We resorted to getting ice from the Plaza bar and filling up a trash can to use as a cooler to keep them cold. The air conditioner never truly cooled the room off. The running hot faucet was never fixed and the smell never went away. 24 hour all inclusive means that all during the day and night, at the Plaza Bar, there is self-serve ice, sodas, juice, keg of beer, coffee and hot water and tea with condiments and popcorn. The popcorn was always soggy. Again, this is due to a sub-tropical humid climate. They would have been better served to have individually wrapped crackers or something like that. Positives: The room was spotless and we had extra water every day. Although the water was in a gallon jug, not individual bottles. We tipped the housekeeper $5 a day and the fridge guy $2 a day. They deserved the tip. The drinks were delicious, but you do have to ask for alcohol and ice. In fact, although the liquor put in the mixed drinks was local, at the swim up bar, you could not really tell the difference when you are drinking a fruity type drink. Also, we found that at the Plaza Bar, the drinks were quite strong...3/4 alcohol with a splash of coke for a cuba libre. We had to ask for a glass of coke with ice and the alcohol on the side. Otherwise, we might have done something stupid like eat the goat stew. The bartenders at the Plaza were very friendly. Also, if you want better brands, i.e. Stoli Vodka, Johhny Walker Red Scotch, go to the Plaza Bar. If you are drink specific, bring your own from home in your carry-on and bring along your flask and a funnel to put the liquor in your flask. I carried my flask every evening in my back pocket. Additionally, there is a liquor store on Carribean Street, but I don鈥檛 know what they had or the prices. The beach is paradise. No words can do it justice. We enjoyed the long walks. TIP#13: Securely attach your own beach towel or colorful t-shirt to your lounger so you don鈥檛 loose the lounger during a walk. Again, bring a travel ash tray, if you smoke. Again, the insulated drink holder is a must. By the time you get the drink and walk it to the beach, the ice is completely melted and the cups are small. POSITIVES: ACTIVITIES: The animation team worked very hard. The organized games around the pool are fun. Get involved. Make a fool of yourself. You will never see anyone again so, who cares. The shows were corny but the animation team deserved applause for all of their daily hard work. The shows reminded me of summer camp. We enjoyed renting a kayak and sailing. We enjoyed walking to the beach shacks to purchase our things. We never went to the disco because we were not willing to pay for our drinks. For the most part, by 12:00 a.m., the Bambu is dead. If you are looking for a party place, go to another resort. TIP#14: You must bring the card that you took to dinner with you to rent anything. Only one rental per room each day. They would not allow you to book for your entire stay. When you arrive at your rental time, book for the next day. The insurance costs $5 USD. Negatives: Mold stench in room was overwhelming. We think it was because it was a ground floor room. Things that were put on the drying rack outside on the terrace, never dried. The air conditioning worked, but was not effective. Fridge worked, but things never became cold. Hot water faucet ran the entire time. Food was awful due to, in our opinion, poor food handling and the way food was put out without ice on the cold bar. If the cold foods were kept in ice, yes the ice would melt, but the water would be cold and the ice could be replenished regularly. Ice works much better at keeping things cold. Even though our initial impression was that Reception was on top of things, it could not be more untrue. We complained nicely and tipped and the things were never changed. Also, housekeepers tend to knock and come in(two did). So, make sure you use the security latch in your room. Our room did not have a, 鈥淒o not disturb鈥?sign. Make your own. With regard to the pool area, if you are bringing kids, talk to them about Europeans and toplessness. Someone actually was topless while sitting at the swim up bar! YUCKKK. She really should not have gone topless, if you know what I mean. There really is no bathroom at the pool area. You must walk to Mamajuana. While there, we noticed, not many people got off their swim up barstool. Finally, we never met our Apple Rep. Apparently, the meeting was held in the lobby of the Palace Macao at 5:00 p.m. We were told in our lobby at 5:00 p.m. So, we missed that meeting and the Apple Rep never even bothered to call us to see how things were. The Apple Rep had the right idea: don't stay at the Bambu.Coming home was another misadventure. We were told by fellow travelers, the bus was leaving at 4:20 p.m. for a flight leaving at 7:45 p.m. Departing was grueling. After you wait in the heat, in a long line, an agent goes through every piece of luggage and purse by hand. Luggage is weighed and limit is enforced. Noone checked carry on size though. Only one side of the Punta Cana Airport is air conditioned. If you are flying USA3000, you luck out with a flight, but you wait in a sauna of an airport. There is a Wendy鈥檚 (never so happy to see fast food) and another caf茅 type shop with cold bottled drinks. The duty free store is very inexpensive: carton of cigarettes were $22 USD. Americans can bring home 3 a piece. 18 year old Glenfiddich Scotch was $50 USD. You can use a charge card at the duty free store. If you have leftover pesos, you are stuck. They are unexchangeable. TIP#15: Don鈥檛 even bother exchanging to Dominican pesos. Everyone takes and even prefers USD. Bring small bills. When you are purchasing something, the first price given is in pesos, then, you divide the peso amount by the exchange rate. Bring your own calculator or use theirs. Whenwe arrived home, my wife opened the suitcases and the stench was in the suitcases. All of our clothing, both those we wore and those we did not were wet and smelled of mold. My wife had to wash the clothes three times. We had to air out the suitcases for two days. When I go camping, I expect to bring home mold, but not when I go to what Apple calls a five apple hotel. Riu Bambu is not what it is advertised, in our opinion. We loved Punta Cana. We loved the beach. We met wonderful Brits and Canadians who were quite fun. I won't even go into the rude behavior of other guests.  We will visit Punta Cana again but, we will stay at another resort. We also will not book with Apple, but hope we can still fly USA3000.Our advice to anyone traveling to Punta Cana is to read reviews from someone who lives in your idea. Maybe then you can get a better grasp on things because people from the same area tend to have the same expectations. FINAL TIPSThe usual packing tips of sunscreen, insect repellent, air freshner solid, jarred candles, face cloths, and gifts for housekeeping are right on target. The only things we would add are: a small soft side cooler in the event your fridge does not work properly and a surf safe. The surf safe is a small rectangular plastic case, the size of a pack of cigarettes that is attached to a rope you can wear around your neck. When sailing or going to swim up bar, it is a safe dry place for cash, key, cigarettes etc.Don鈥檛 over pack on the clothes. During the day, men, you will probably only wear your trunks and a t-shirt. At night, good shorts, a collared buttoned down shirt and some topsider shoes. My wife only wore her swim suit and cover up all day. At night, she went with cotton sundresses and comfy sandals. Bring snacks, just in case you do not like the food or you get the REVENGE.Bring some type of cooling foot spray. After a day in the sun and in flip flops on the beach, the dogs are barking!No matter what time of the year or weather going on in your place of destination, either have your summer clothes or swimsuit in your carry-on or wear them under your clothes. We found it easier to leave Philadelphia in our Punta Cana clothes. You are going to a sub-tropical climate. As soon as you walk off the plane, it will be quite humid and hot. It is helpful to speak some Spanish. Even though my wife's Spanish is good, in the event she did forget, she wrote everything she thought she would have to say on color coded index cards in English on one side and in Spanish on the opposite side. Each color was for each area: housekeeping, bartenders, front desk, vendors etc. She laminated the cards in the event of rain and for future trips. If caught not remembering, she simply read off the card, or showed the card to whomever she was speaking to. Everyone thought it funny, but appreciated it, especially housekeeping staff. For the record, to date (June 3, 2006), I have sent two e-mails, written completely in Spanish, to the management at the Riu Bambu, telling of our experience and to date, I have not received a reply. If I do, I will surely post it. I believe in telling the positive and the negative.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prizefromphilly
<Content>Bambu.....p. uuuuuuu!!       This is why we love PC and the Bavaro Beach.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best holiday I`ve had in a long time The Rui Bambu everything and I repeat everything was exceptional, the staff the food, hotel rooms, beaches entertainment was all A1. I cannot fault it!!! We spent two glorious week in DR and my niece also go married out there, and everything was picture perfect, (twenty-one people cannot be wrong. I would definately visit this beautifully island again, before I pop my clogsSandi Ferguson (London - England)  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FamilyOf4Chicago
<Content>Family vacation in Riu Bambu (Punta Cana) Three of us just came back from Riu Bambu (Week of May 14th).Beach was amazing. Lot of palms and shadow. Service was just Ok. Calls from hotel to Chicago cost $3/min. Vendors, especially tabacco vendors were horroble. When they find you don't speak Spanish, they dirty talk to your face, making look that they try to bargain price. (my wife speaks spanish, so we knew what was going on.). Bars were ok. Do not expect anything extraordinary from them. Servants are very friendly. Room was super clean, and that's all we wanted from it. Just don't forget to leave a buck or two for cleaning crew.(daily)IMHO, Riu is a boring place to stay, so next time we will stay in other hotel. For money we paid, this was a good deal. Oh. one more thing - do not buy from local vendors anything without trying to cut first price as least in 60%. If they offer bracelet (for instance) for $65, then you CAN and you SHOULD pay no more than $20. (from our experience).... Otherwise you'll pay TOO much... (unless you don't care).....  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>food poisoning at riu bambu - a ruined trip My sister and I recently stayed 5 nights at Riu Bambu. It's a bit like a really nice summer camp for grown ups, which was fun - until my sister got violent food poisoning and had to be hospitalized. We saw others from our hotel at the hospital too. Not sure what caused it, but it really ruined the trip. We did see one worker sneeze into a pile of clean linen napkins then set tables with them. We also saw a worker wipe his sweaty face on clean towels then hand the same towel to a tourist at the pool. The beach was really pretty, and the pool with the swim up bar was nice. I don't think the palace riu's are worth the money for the upgrade - their pools aren't as interesting, and I hear all hte food is the same anyway. I did like Bambu better than the other hotels at the Riu complex.Also, the boys/men who work there can be VERY persistent. It can get annoying and borders on harassment. Sever times I had men who work their come up and put their hands on my waist. I didn't appreciate it and let them know.If you do need medical attention, be aware - the ambulance had no air conditioning  the EMT's didn't speak any english. When my sister vomited they didn't have a bin for her to vomit in. She had to lean out the window, and the guy was still driving. Also, hte hospital is beautiful, but patient rights aren't the same - the doctors didn't introduce themselves, and they provided very little information. We had to put down $1000 on a credit card up front. There were a few charges that seemed bogus to me - including $110 for a resort doctor to stop in for 5 minutes at 10 at night. No reason for resort consults when you've already been seen by 3 doctors, including a gastroenterologist, in one day.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hawaiianparadise
<Content>It was like being in Heaven! I took my mother to the Rui Bambu as a gift for Mother's Day. We spent 4 nights, 5 days there. I am telling you, from the time we stepped off the airplane we felt welcomed. When we arrived to the Rui Bambu we were greeted with smiles and even a fruit punch served in nice Champagne glasses. The STAFF at the Rui Bambu are remarkable. They made my experience at this hotel unforgettable. The rooms are very clean. The beds are very firm (it depends on what you like). I would recommend bringing hand clothes with you because they had fingertip towels and bath towels. They did bring hand clothes in the next day. I would also recommend that you bring a travel iron if you mind letting them hold $20 US at the reception desk for two hours while you iron everything. It's no big deal, you will get your money back when you bring the iron back. The food was delicious (breakfast, lunch and dinner). Night entertainment was not that great, even though the entertainers were very nice. You really got to know each of them because they have many different jobs during the day also. If you enjoy Yoga, Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Taebo they have lessons on the beach everyday. The weather was great in May. It was hot, but there was always a nice breeze. If you want to Tan, just pull your lounger from under all the palm trees. One thing that I started to get annoyed about was the people who were trying to sell their items in the lobby (nice stuff, but my gosh they could be pushy). They will give you a necklace just so that you would look at the items on their table. They have a sauna there that was nice and a Jacuzzi (heaven). I loved that place and plan on visiting again very soon.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent experience               More photos  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful place to stay The resort was beautiful. The weather was terriffic. The staff was very friendly and courteous. When we arrived we were greeted in a very friendly and courteous manner. We were given a welcome coctail and immediately taken to our room. The room was super clean and very nice. The entire resort was super clean and well taken care of. The pool and beach were very clean also. There were a fair amount of topless women which you might want to consider if taking children if you are not used to that. We were the minority being from the USA. Most of the people were from Europe or Canada. The food was fine and the water purified except in the rooms so don't drink the water from the bathroom sink. Bottled water was provided from the mini bar. There is not a lot of shopping the resort is manily for relaxing. I would highly recommend the Riu Bamboo.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LynnCB
<Content>What an amazing vacation!!!! We (sadly) just returned back to reality after staying at the Bambu for a week. We were a family group of 26 who travelled for my cousin's wedding during the week of April 29 - May 7th and it was fabulous! The happy couple stayed next door at the Macao along with 6 more of the bride's family, but they were over with us throughout the week. All in all, this was a wonderful vacation and I haven't stopped raving about it since!! This was, by far, the best vacation ever!The start of our trip was a bit rocky having to deal with CanJet and their horrible weight restrictions (not to mention, their lack of consistency when it comes to customer service), however, once we arrived in Punta Cana all of that disappeared and we started to have the time of our lives. We arrrived at the Bambu around 10 o'clock at night, but the check in was easy and no hassle at all. Finding our room was a bit tricky, but that was our fault for not looking at the map that was provided. Many of us hadn't been to an all inclusive before, but some had. The reviews were the same by the time we all woke up the next morning....this place was great!!! The rooms were perfectly adequate, really, we were only in them for an hour or so to get ready for dinner and then to sleep. Honestly, we hardly even touched our room bar (except for the beer). They were spotlessly clean, the maid service was excellent and the layout was perfect. I highly recommend travelling light!! We all definitely over packed! A few pairs of shorts/skirts  some tanks (mostly just for breakfast or an excursion) lots of swimsuits, sarongs/cover ups, light dresses for dinner, flip flops and a pair or sandles or two and you're set!! The service on the resort was impeccable!! From the wait staff, especially Miguel and the bar staff (specifically Dary, Leonardo and Rafael) to the housekeepers, to the grounds, to our great friend Ricardo at the pool ~ they were all wonderful. I cannot say enough about the Animacion crew!! From our first day playing pool games to the entertainment at night they never stopped!! We felt like we knew them so well by the end of the week, especially Oliver, Benjamin, Chocolate and all the rest of the crew! These people truly make the week! Thankfully, most of us brought gifts for the staff and they were greatly appreciated as well as tips. We also tried to make sure that we gave the grounds crew our pop and cold drinks from our fridges as they were working so hard in the hot sun and everything is done by hand, not power tools!The food was excellent! We had two small children in our group and I myself am a fussy eater, but there was always something for everyone ~ if you couldn't find something good to eat, you clearly weren't staying at the same resort. The Caribe Grill was by far the best a la carte, with the Mediterranean a very close second! However, I do agree with a previous review that you could definitely eat at the buffet every night for dinner and never need to go to an a la carte, but the different atmospheres were refreshing.Everyday, Ricardo had our chairs reserved at the pool for us and there was always something to do, pool activities, walk up to the beach market, swim in the warm ocean, hang out at the bar, swim up to the pool bar, stroll around to see the other resorts in the complex, you were never bored! I took 3 books to read and never touched one of them! The wedding was the first one to be held at the new Palace Punta Cana ~ by far the most beautiful wedding I've ever been to! The setting was exquisite and the beach in the background was beautiful! The ability to move between the resorts was great, the reception was at the Caribe Grill ~ they closed the entire restaurant for the large group of us and the meal and service was outstanding!! The staff were wonderful and they even broke out into a few of our Maritime dances with us (including the Mull River Shuffle!)There were topless sunbathers on the beach, but it really was not that big of a deal. The clientele was very European, so that was to be expected. The diversity of the people at the resort was very nice. We met people from all over the globe!The casual and relaxed atmosphere was nice. The men wore shirts and shorts/pants to dinner and the ladies could wear dresses or pants. The previous review that said you could wear your swimsuit in the diningroom was not so in our case. One of us wore our bathing suit top and she was asked to put on a top, so that is not a common sight. Shopping was okay, some of the vendors at the beach market were hard to barter with, but others were really good. 7 of us also got a taxi into town to the land market and had a bit better luck getting some good deals; however, the vendors that come to the hotel have mostly the same stuff (especially the jewellery) and you can get really good deals there too. The artwork is beautiful and they gladly roll it up and wrap any paintings that you buy so that they travel easier.We had too many photos to post, but rest assured they were all great! We can't wait to plan our next group trip and the Bambu will definitely be the place to go!! A great place for a wedding, a great place for a family trip, a great place to just get away!!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lpweb
<Content>Great Vacation !       Bambu Pool  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Turfer
<Content>How Does Anybody Not Like This Place I was at the RIU Bambu from April 22-29 with my girlfriend, sister-in-law and brother. From the minute we arrived everything was better than we imagined. The food was great in the buffet and I can't say enough about the caribe grill (wear shorts as it can be a little warm). We were indifferent about the Med. Restaurant and never tried the steakhouse (due to how good the buffet was each day). All the staff we encountered were amazing and truly friendly. The entertainment staff always seemed to be on the move; so much energy it made for a nice atmosphere. There is always some kind of game or activity going on if you need a break from laying in the sun sipping cocktails. I recommend the bingo at 4:30 with Couchie(spelling may be off), she is a ball of energy.If you want to go on an excursion we recommend the safari tour. Hopefully you get sammy as your guide. He was very entertaining and informative. The beach of course was beautiful and the grounds were well kept. Buying from the vendors was my girlfriends favorite thing. She loved the bartering and became quite the master. all the vendors we had contact with with were very friendly(some may be a little pushy, but then again they are trying to make a living), Just smile, say thanks and walk away if you don't feel like you are getting a fair price. they will then let you know if they will go lower. If they don't try to stop you then they are not going to sell at your last price.I can definately say we would all go back. I hope you enjoy it as much as we did. PS - I read some negative reviews before going and am wondering if these people were at the same resort. I guess you can't make everyone happy.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Naddon
<Content>Loved the Bambu       Our Room  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Imnerd
<Content>RIU is the way to go!! Prior to staying at thr RIU Bambu my wife read every for the last 3 months. All it did was confuse the both of of us about whether we made the correct decision or not. We made the correct decision. We spent two weeks with our two children and loved it. I love reading reviews and people complain about the weather being bad (a lush green country needs rain, go to the desert if you want sunshine), the beds are too hard (who cares), it was too hot (no kidding), too many kids near the swim up bar (the resort caters to families, if you do not want kids go to an adult only resort), too windy (very refreshing), no one spoke English (most spoke spanish, french, german, italian and english). If you want perfection pay $1000 a night and stay at the Four Seasons hotel in Nevis.The weather was great. The room were clean, the service was excellent and the food was good. Anytime you go to an all inclusive you can't expect Wolfgang Puck to be cooking in the kitchen. The Caribe Grill is worth having dinner just for the atmosphere. Get there 5 minutes before your booking and get a table overlooking the beach. It was spectacular. Tip early (a couple of dollars to the important people at the resort) and you will see the level of service improve. The Animation crew was great. They had fun and made the trip more enjoyable.Sit by the pool in the morning ( all the drunks are sleeping still), and spend the afternoon at the beach (the drunks are sitting at the pool bar getting drunk).Enjoy the culture, enjoy the people, enjoy the beach and enjoy yourselves. It is worth it. This is the third RIU we stayed at and I will stay again at a RIU resort. Apply for a RIU class card at no charge and you get discounts at the resort stores.Relaxed and RejuvinatedToronto, Ontario  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star but a great 4+ Just spent April 18-25 at RIU Bambu and can't say enough great things about the property, the staff and the food.Our daughter was married on the beach in front of the Carribe Grill in the company of 32 family members and friends who all stayed for the week and didn't want to return home.The property is not the newest and the rooms are not as big as other resorts nearby, but the property layout and beach/pool fascilities made up for that. You will have a hard time finding front desk, bar, server, and social activity staff that can match those at the Bambu. Our group never wanted for anything. The foodservice is a step above most area resorts and we used our Oct/05 experiences at the nearby Bahai Resort as a benchmark.If you are a group or a family looking for an affordable Dom Rep vacation in a really good all inclusive 4+ resort, you owe it to yourself to check out the RIU Bambu.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MariLand
<Content>You get what you paid for. We stayed at RIU Palace Macao in 2004 and loved it a lot. So my husband, who is not really a beach person, wanted to come back. This time we were traveling with kids and decided to pick a more kid-friendly Babmu. We stayed at Bambu from April 6 though 11.Our flight on United and hotel transfer via VIP tours were uneventful. (Apple busses are much better and newer than VIP though.)At first it seems that all the RIU resorts on the same property are similar. But then, why is there price difference for your package, and why are those low ratings in reviews. Well, here is a big difference: Palace will pamper you all the way; Bambu will provide you some comfort. And the lower price you pay, the less you get. Through our whole trip we could not stop comparing Palace Macao and Bambu. Well, you really get what you pay for.Rooms: fairly good size room with bamboo decor. We had a standard room in building 2 on the first floor. The king bed is made up from 2 double beds pushed together. We also had two single size beds squeezed in for kids. So beds were taking most of the space from wall to wall. There is a strong musty smell in the room (and you will bring it back home on your bags). We put laundry sheets everywhere, but they did not help much. The beds are hard, but we did not mind that. The mattresses have MOLD. (later in our trip I think I discovered the answer, why --- and it's not due to the tropical climate!) There is a mini fridge with soft drinks and beer, liquor dispenser, and safe in the closet. Hairdryer is provided in the bathroom. You get daily maid service and every other day service for minibar. The maids do not accept gifts, only cash. Tipping does not change anything. Palace Macao provides maid service 2 times per day, and they also do the turn down service.Beach: is the best. Soft nice sand, lots of palm trees, plenty of shade and lounges, calm water with small waves, a little wind. I think many people commented on that.Pools: are a bit small for the size of the resort, and get pretty crowded. Most of the lounge chairs around the pool are reserved and USED first thing in the morning. We managed to find a chair or two on the first couple of days, but then we gave up.(We did not want to reserve the chairs in the morning only to come and use them after lunch.)Food and drinks are plentiful and delicious, but not as good as in Palace Macao. And they do run out of some things. The ice-cream machine worked only half the time. The coffee is better from the machine than the house-brewed. Breakfast is the best and has most selection of everything you can think of (no bagels or cream cheese though). Lunch is sort of mix of breakfast and dinner items. Dinner -- plenty of variety and some new items every day. Theme nights were fun, but the food was ok. Beer and wine available at all times. Soft drinks and all kinds of juices (including apple juice) are available from the soda machine. Snack -- is a scaled down version of the meal before (just less selection of food). If you are used to having nuts, chips, crackers, or candy -- you will find them at the gift shop for a very high price. One of the bars has popcorn and very raw and mushy peanuts. You can visit other RIU resorts for breakfast and lunch. We only walked around and peaked into the restaurants -- same food, but smaller selection at Taino and Naiboa.If you want to get a drink, you have to go to the bar and get it. All kinds of drinks and water is available. If you want alcohol in your drink, you got to ask for it. Even during the shows -- they have waiters picking up empty glasses, but they do not serve you drinks.Shows and entertainment: there is always something going on. But the resort is much bigger than the Palace Macao, so it gets very crowded, say, during aerobics, or other popular events. Evening shows are ok. We missed Michael Jackson show. Ms. Bambu was fun. Dominican night and dancing night were very loud. Caribbean street festival was ok. You can go to other RIU resorts to see the shows too, but we did not go. Kids club: there is a play ground, and a kids pool. A little house has some beach toys and paints. There is also a TV and some Lego blocks. Angela and a couple of other ladies run kids activities: soccer, volleyball, ping pong, bowling, etc. The equipment that they use is a very run-down and broken. There were about 40 kids at the club at one time, and only 1 adult supervisor. My son chose not to go to the kids club, but rather spent time with us.Cleanliness: the resort is not very clean. The staff does their best, but it's not good enough. (Palace Macao was spotless!!!) We had some food spilled in the hallway of out building (although they do not let you take the food out of the restaurants). This stuff remained there for several days. The same is with the room and common grounds. The glasses and silverware in the restaurants had some food stuck to the clean utensils.Illness: two out of three of us got sick. My son had a very bad diarrhea on the second full day at the resort. On day 4 (actually at night)my husband had a full blown food poisoning (that's why they have mold on the mattresses.) We washed our hands all the time, used purell before we ate anything, and watched what we ate. We had only a few mixed drinks at the bar at night, but drank a lot of water throughout the day.Service: they really work very hard and the resort. And they try to do their best. We had only a few small requests and never had any problem in response. But again the service at Bambu is not as good as at Palace Macao. We never had a problem with communication. Most of them speak English (as well as German and French), or can find some who does.Dress code: It looked like there was no real dress code at Bambu. Shirts with sleeve were require at dinner time. But there were plenty of people in shorts. Breakfast and lunch -- seemed to be no restrictions. At the main restaurant there were several people in wet bathing suits sitting on their towels! Overall we had a good trip. But it really is: you get what you paid for. My advice: pay extra and stay at the Palace Macao or the new Palace. You can still use all the other RIU resorts on the property.(PS. Someone wrote a review titled 5 star and 3 star in one -- I fully agree with that review as well. Very similar to our experience.)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JoelF
<Content>5 star no way!!! Just returned from the Bambu on 4-22. I have to say that I was overall disapointed. We went with high expectations but were left unsatisfied. Here are my thoughts:the complex itself is part of a 5 resort RIU complex. Very large and very crowded. IF your looking for a quiet, quaint relaxing trip then change your destination. Kids all over the place especially near the pool bar which was quite annoying having water splashed in you drinks but then again it is a pool bar. Our room was nice, air conditoned, cleaned daily etc.. no complaints there. The in room fridge is stocked everyother day. You will get bottles of diet pepsi, pepsi and 7-up. They also stock with bottled club soda and a gollon of water. we did not use the in room liquor dispensor at all and the beer was Quisequa or something like that. It was not Presidente (which is very good). Service was good and the staff was friendly and attentive except for the Scuba caribe people. these are the guys that are all over the resort selling excursions. they are also in charge of renting out the free water sports such as kayaking, snorkleing, windsurfing etc.. It was quite a pain trying to rent a kayak. Do not pay the $5 for insurance!!!! they will push thisThe beach was nice, but very wavey while we were there. Do not plan to snorkel at the bambu becuase there is nothing to see and the water was quite cloudy due to the waves Body surfing and boogey boarding were fun however, We had no problems finding and reserving chairs, People seemed to respect putting a towel down to reserve. Expect to see lots of topless women and naked little kids. I did not mind so much the topless women but seeing 70 year old german women topless came as quite a suprise.There are two main bars and a pool bar. Service was always good. Be sure to ask for booze in your drinks. A few dollars here and there go a long way. Also, despite what you here about americans, the staff we talked to loved us and wanted to see more at their resort. Primary reason! Americans tip, Europeans don't. I don't want to generalize but the only people I saw tipping the entire time we were there were americans. So drop a few $1 bills and even a $5 here and there. The beer was alright, agin it was not Presidente and most times not very cold. Other drinks were good and strong.the food!!! this was our biggest disapointment. While it was hot and plentiful it just was not good. the main buffet served breakfast, lunch and dinner. very bland no flavor at all. The food is geared towards europeans. , lots of salads, cold cuts etc.. breakfast was by far the best meal. eggs, pancakes etc.. the snack bars also had burgers, hotdogs etc.. we found these to be ok but after a few hours I would be cautious about eating some of the items. Lots of flies as well and none of the places are air condtioned. The specialty restaurants are available and reservations are needed. Book at 7am, by 8 they are filled. My take is don't waist the time. the mediterranean was plain bad as was the steakhouse. Also, you do NOT need to wear long pants and closed shoes for dinner (unpack them). it gets quite warm and to sit through dinner with long pantz in 90 degree weather is dumb!!Getting sick, be careful what you eat. My wife had diarreah all week and I became violently ill on our third day. Resort doctor help to facilitate my transfer to a hopsital in Bavaro where i was treated for dehydration (IV) and antibiotics for viral and parasites. Very scary as I had to stay overnight. RIu staff was helpful and seemed concerned.overall, the trip was a dud mainly from getting sick but the resort I felt has its problems and I will not go back there. Perhaps back to the dominican but not the the RIU complex.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>candace59
<Content>Moldy, smelly room -horrible hard beds but beautiful beach!!!!! I just got back from taking 52 people here (10 families). Stayed April 7-14. I chose this resort after reading every single review on every hotel in Punta Cana! I'm not a travel agent - just someone who likes to vacation with friends so I try to research as much as I can to pick a place where I hope everyone will have a good time. The check-in went smooth but they put our group in the far back of the resort. Some of us went to the manager and moved closer to the beach. We stayed in room 2309 which was on the 2nd floor and had a nice view. No rooms have an oceanview but this room looked onto the palms on the beach. Call the hotel before you get there and request upfront especially if you have small children.The number is found on their website and you will get the front desk. Our room's airconditioning did not work and the air coming out smelled like mold! I had a repair man come out and when he opened the vent in the ceiling some gross smelly water poured out- he could not fix it. We could have moved again but didn't want the hassle- wish we had- I still have a cough and so does my daughter-we're very allergic to mold.Some people in the group who had rooms in the back complained of a bad sewer smell.The beds are absolutely horrible-feels like you're sleeping on a boxspring! Believe me, I'm not one who expects or has to have the best and I understand it is the Dominican Republic but I really dreaded going to bed! Tip the maid when you get there to bring extra blankets for padding- it helped. Bring outlet adapters and boogie boards(if you can check them on plane) waves were fun. It's true that the Riu Bambu has the nicest beach in Punta Cana- palm trees everywhere! Stay on the beach as late as you can - it's beautiful! A man in our group brought his fishing gear and caught a huge Schnook(sp?) right at our resort-he gave it to the kitchen for them to cook.Food was wonderful- pleasantly suprised but didn't like the Carribean Restaurant or the Steak House- found the buffet to have more choices and you can see what your getting. Dominicans are so friendly and seem to like their jobs which is nice to see. I tipped a lot because I think its a nice thing to do but you don't have to- they don't expect it. Our group went on the Manarium Snorkel trip and had fun! You get to swim with Nurse sharks ( they don't have front teeth) that are in a netted area. The kids were scared at first but loved it. Some chose to stay on the boat and relax.The animation team at the bambu love their jobs and make the day a lot of fun with their contests and games, although the children complained that the kids club wasn't fun and the shows for them were boring.They need a better organizer and games coordinator for the kids.Some of us got a litte sick but not too bad.All in all, we had a wonderful time!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!! M family and I just got back from Riu Bambu last week and we has an absolutely amazing time. We've traveled all around the world and this was one of our favorites (my personal favorite). We are a family of five with 3 teens. You should definately consider going here! So here's everything you need to know about Riu Bambu Punta Cana:Food - not too bad but not too great either. its pretty much what you could expect from an all inclusive. the only thing i didnt really like about the dining was that you had to wake up before 11 to make reservations or you will have to eat at the buffet. i sometimes thought the buffet was better though, so its not bad if you eat there a couple nights. they have a wide range of foods so you should be ok if you are a picky eater. if you're a shrimp lover, i would advise that you only eat the shrimp that they make in front of you, otherwise its pretty mushy, but not horrible. we had one of the best steaks ever at the steakhouse, even though we have high expectations for our steak. the mediterranean dining was no so great but the building on stilts near the palace has an amazing view and great food.Room - beautifully decorated when you first walk in and is best cleaned if you leave a small tip for the maids. the beds and pillows were kind of hard and there were two singles instead of a queen but we found the rollaway the most comfortable. we didn't have any bug or mold problems. only use the electrical plugs if they are in plain view, if they are behind a dresser, don't bother trying to use them to charge up you cell or ipod because you will get shocked. there is only one plug under the hairdryer so stick with that. the plug is made so you can't fit any type of box plug in so if your cell phone charger is a square shape, you might have trouble.Drinks - slightly watered down and you usually have to ask for alcohol. if you tip the bartender you get more/better brand. don't drink the water unless you get it from the gallon they give you in your room or if it comes from a pitcher. try to limit the amount of ice you intake because the water will get you sick. none of us had that problem and we brushed our teeth with their water in the sink but besides that try to limit it.Entertainment - it is what you make of it. we really got into it and were friendly with the staff so we had a lot of fun. they have a different show each know which are almost all of the time funny but is not so much for younger kids. there is mostly adult humor or dancing in them. i enjoyed every show other than the magic show. the more friendly you are with the staff, the more you participate in the shows. participate in the games on the beach/ in the pool!!!!Staff - extremely friendly and nice!!! my family went with 2 of us good at spanish and 1 of us fluent so that definately helped a lot. english is often the staff's 2nd or 3rd language so if you go there knowing spanish, you're golden. we became really good friends with the bartenders and animacion staff. they remember your names and certain things about you that makes the trip that much better. it was hard for me to say bye to them all on the last day. the workers there are very laid back so don't expect to get anything right away but tips definately speed things up (just a dollar would do)Beach/Pool - beautiful beautiful beautiful! they clean up the beach early in the morning so its always spotless every day. its amazing how they manage to keep the pool area so clean. pool has a beautiful layout but watch out around the edges of the pool. it can be very slippery and there were several incidents where people slipped and hurt themselves so definately be careful!! the pool bar is nicely shaded so definately stop by there. the only bad thing about the pool is that it closes at 7 pm when everyone is eating dinner. Water Sports - low cost but extremely fun. they also have several free water sports such as kayaks, peddle boats, catamarans, sail boats, body boards, and windsurfs. other sports that you have to pay for are banana boat (extremely fun and cheap), parasailing (beautiful), snorkeling trip, windsurf lessons, etc. only thing i didn't like was that we went during easter week so for half of the week water sports that weren't free weren't running because of good friday, easter, etc.Weather - put on your sunscreen!! even when there is cloud cover you are getting burned so definately load up on sunscreen. there is only airconditioning in the rooms but they didnt seem to need it anywhere else.Other - the discoteca was fun for teens. there were a few older couples but its mostly a bunch of teens-20s dancing in a room with lasers and loud spanish music and some older popular american pop. most of the people just sat and stared and you had to pay to get drinks at the bar but it was a nice place for kids to meet other kids. the spa was more of a hut with massage tables in it but i got a massage and it was really nice. i was lucky to get a woman working alone because if she wasnt, they talked a lot. you must must must go on the safari. we didn't get to go because of holy week but we heard from people who did go that it was absolutely amazing and it showed you a whole other side of punta cana.overall I can't wait to go back and hope it will be soon. my whole family enjoyed it. if you are looking for a family atmosphere go to the riu bambu hotel, if you are looking for something a little bit more romantic go to the palace. i hope this review helped and that you go because it is just absolutely amazing and beautful.one last tip -- get about 150 in singles and a couple fives if you are going to stay for 3 or more days because if you tip the people who work there, you get much better service and have an over all better time. so dont forget to tip!! $1 for every round and for the maids we left a couple dollars and a home-made cookie. it makes all the difference  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aroundtheworld7
<Content>Pleasant Hello Thank you to all who wrote reviews, they were helpful.I just returned yesterday from Riiu Bambu (4/19/06). Overall it was a nice hotel. Beach- Excellent!!!!! Water was absolutely terrific, no sea weed, no rocks, perfect temperature. Sand is white and soft. Enough lounge chairs for every one and enough shade for the people who want it.Grounds- Very clean, plenty of palm trees. The resort overall is pretty small (comfortable)Rooms- The ground floors tend to have a lot of cockroaches. We found a few in our room. We complained to the manager and his justification was that its the carribean. I've been to other esorts and did not find any cockroaches there- so that should say something. Dont forget to tip the maid, else she will not change your towels. We left $2 dollars every day. One day we left $3 and saw a big difference.Food- the main restaurant was pretty good. They have theme nights- we especially liked the mexican and bbq night. We tried the Mediterranean restaurant, and did not like it. The service took forever, we felt like we were wasting time. And worse of all the food was pretty bad. For the seafood lovers- dont try the seafood pasta, it had absolutely no flavor. We left hungry and the main restaurant was closing already. Breakfast was the same everyday- but it was pretty good (omellete, eggs, sausage, bacon, pancakes) Disco- It was pretty good, but you have to come aftre midnight when it gets crowded. The drinks are not included, so if u want to get buzzed or drunk u gotta drink up at the hotel bar.Drinks- Pretty good selection. They have interational liquer, so you have to specify if that is what you want. Make sure to tip the bartender, they will take special care of you.Pool- 2 pools. Both are pretty small. Definitely comfortable. If you want to lay by the ppol you have to tip the towel guy. We tipped them everyday and in return our lounge chairs were reserved for us even if we got to the pool by 1pm. Its very unfair, but you gotta do what u gotta do. Entertainment- We felt that the entertainment was a little weak. There were not enought activities for us. I like more games and felt that the oraganization was poor. They animacion works hard but I feel that they need to keep the guest more occupied. The night shows ranged from terrible to very good. We went next door to the palace ( 3 minute walk) if we didnt like the show in our hotel. There you could order their drinks and no one will say a word. Casino- Pretty good. Just dont take a lot of money with you. We were sad to see it all gone.Reception- We got a room that was far feom everything (building #34) So the next day we went to exchange and there was no problem. We were moved to building #21, very close to everything. But you gotta remember to tip.Trips- We went on the 4 wheels. That was a lot of fun. $58 dollars a person - about 4 hors total. 30 minute ride on a non- air condiditoned truck. Gets very bumpy and windy since the truck has no windows. Bavoro splash- $62 dollars a person. Rode a boat (2 person). Stopped in the middle of the ocean for snorkling. That was amazing. Then went back to the beach by a boat. Dont forget to take a water camera.Banana boat- 10 minute, $10 dollars. Worth it. Overall it was relaxing. But I wouldnt come back.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bambu is Terrible I just came back from Riu Bambuon 4/19/06. The Hotel is nice but the service is very bad. In order to get anthing done you need to call at leat 3 time to the front desk. We recived a very nice room but air conditioner did not work. Every day someone would show up to fix it. They would spend hours working in my room without any success. On the 3rd day they managed to break air conditioner in the room next to ours. At the end of the 7 days none of the rooms were fixed. My friends who occupied the room next to ours reported toilet licking from the bottom. It happened on the 6th day and nobody showed up to fix it. The worst thing is that they offered me another room to stay 1 night before I was leaving and they manged to place new commers into a broken air conditioner room. I am very upsat with the way they treat people. Also try to learn Spanish before going in there bevause most of the staff do not speak English.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	5	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>yvonney
<Content>Riu Bambu was fantastic !       suite 107  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JimmyfromJersey
<Content>Rui was great for adults and kids Just returned from DR Riu Bamboo 4-07 4-14. I usually don't write reviews but this one is worth the time. For the kids: I have two girls 7 and 9. They had an awesome time. The kids programs were great. every 1/2 hour Angela would come around and say horseshoes for the kids, volleyball, ping pong for the kids The kids became familiar with the ground almost instantly and Angela was great. (We tipped her, she was that good). AT 8:00 PM the kids would get on stage with Angela, dance competition, little miss bambu, limbo, all sorts of things. They even gave out certificates on stage to the winners from the daytime activities. For the adults: daytime competitions. All day long. Crazy pool games at 5:00 with the DJ and Jesus and Oliver and Coochie and Chocolatee. (If you go please tell Coochie and Jesus that Jimmy, Patti, Stacey and Bobby from NJ say hello.) Win a bottle of rum, a bandanna, a hat. Non stop, if you want. If you want to lay by the beach you can do that too. Food and Drink: Don't bother with the special restaurants. When you order something you don't like in the special rest. you are stuck. Nothing else to try. The Buffet had it all. And it was better than the specialty places. Beer was good and cold and drinks were good.Tips: I brought 150 in singles and 100 in 5's. Went through this $ in 6 days. Tipped everbody that was deserving of it. Including the beer man. The guy on the cart that drives around all day refilling the little fridges. Waved him down one day and tipped him and he left 12 beers in my fridge all day. Also made sure to tip the entertainment staff because they work hard all day. They appreciate it very much. Water: just use bottled water when you are in your room. At the bars the water is OK to drink as is the ice. Overall trip was great...  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A keeper!       beach  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HDWg04
<Content>Riu Bambu Absolutely fantastc! Four of us stayed april 5 thru april 9. Riu Bambu is fantastic. Great pool and beach. Employees were great. Talked to lots of other guests who had no complaints. Good variety of food for all meals. Real mix of nationalities, families couples and singles. Every kid I saw was having a blast.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Me and my girlfriend just came back from there and were very impressed with the Riu Bambu!The service is great and the food is even better!for those people who wrote bad reviews about the place,get a life the place is great! Im impressed!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can be great BUT!!! arrived 3/27 for a week in paradise. Arrived 2 hours late, bus broke down on the way to RIU... lost the first day... Second floor rooms requested at booking in writing due to traveling with 2 teenage girls, not provided. Requested at desk... not available we are full . Rooms we received were not connected but in same building. That was good.Room 2005 had broken air conditioner, reminded me of a rock in a coffee can, they came out to fix it and demonstrated how to make it quiet. turn it off! that was maintenance solution for us. Called again the next day... they came out and disconnected. fourth day we called again and they reconnected with the noise now ok for us. Just wanted to cool off. Interior lock on 2007 broken. Requested repair, demonstrated repair, travel agent called and requested repair, we again walked to room with maintenance and demonstrated required fix. never attempted by them.For most of a day the water was turned off by hotel to hook up main for new riu next door, no flushing or water period. not fun. This info provided by the desk and staff. Power off and on through out week.The resort is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen. The beach is by far the best. Palm trees with the lounge chairs dispersed among them.Very pleasant staff. Meals were ok for most part, some really excellent, Oscar's Steakhouse and Mediterrano outstanding ... colonial fare gets old. Colonial lunches the least appetizingThere was a change the last 2 days we were there. Mgmt out walking and directing staff to decorate and enhance the visitors experience. It was very noticiable. If this had been in evidence for the previous 5 days I would consider a RIU for a future holiday.It wasn't... I won't.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sett225
<Content>Oh My God - We love this place too       Aerobics on the beach  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yooper0829
<Content>We loved the Bambu!!! We stayed at the Riu Bambu from Mar 19-26 and had an excellent time! We found the employees very friendly, the food very good (always a good assortment) and overall it's a great place to stay for the price. The beach is awesome!! There's always something to do, the animation team is always looking for participants for their volleyball, horseshoe, and beach olympic games! Although the hotel was booked the week that we spent there, we had no problems finding a chair down by the beach...the pool was a little more of a challenge, it was always busy there. We will definitely return to the Bambu!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BambuTina
<Content>Great holiday... Just got back yesterday from the Riu Bambu and had a great time. We found the people to be the friendliest we have encountered and even if they did not speak English this didn't matter, if anyone found them to be rude they have not holidayed in France! It always helps if you are polite to them and say please and thank you as we do and although we did not tip we did not have any problems in getting served. The rooms could do with updating, especially the bathrooms and the beds were on the hard side which we prefer but on the whole the accommodation was passable. We had no problems with eating the food, there was always a good variety and different themed nights and neither of us had any stomach problems. There were some cockroaches around in the evenings but no more than you would get in Spain, Canary Islands etc. Although we didnt see any mosquitoes I did get a couple of bites, so do take precautions! The evening entertainment could be a bit basic but was a good laugh and a special mention to Oliver who was excellent! We thoroughly enjoyed our holiday and will definitely be going back, the people were so genuinely happy and friendly....  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Surprises My now fiance,(preposal made on our vacation) and I just returned Sunday the 26th from a beautiful week at the Bambo. Thanks to all of you who wrote in reviews there where no surprises to be had. We have traveled together yearly for the last six years, and have learned to not expect the same comforts of home. Some times more comfort, sometimes less. So if you want things as they are at home, simple stay home. Otherwise enjoy what this little part of the world has to offer. Of the beaches we have walked this would be the one I would choose to have in my back yard. As you go through life you meet all kinds of people, some you would like to meet again, others you wish you never had. The Bambo has all kinds to choose from, but those guest come, and go the same as you, and I so don't judge the resort on them. Would we go back to the Bambo? Yes someday, as for this point in our lives we are looking for more activities, music thumping, a little night life, things were just a little to relaxed, and slow paced for us.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mommahag
<Content>Oh My God, I love this place!! One of the best parts of this trip was the overall beauty of the grounds, beach, and the Riu itself. This was my first visit to the Dominican Republic, and I was very impressed and miss it already, and I have only been home since 2:30 this morning!My 17 year old daughter, her friend and friend's mom and sister were in the group that travelled together. We were very sad to depart the Punta Cana airport to fly home yesterday afternoon, and had to return to 34 degree temps and snow on the side of the road. This all after a week of sun, 85+ temps, and gorgeous beaches. It has been a very sad day.When we first arrived, the trip from the airport to the resort is rather intimidating, as you get a first hand view of the poverty, and it is VERY sad. It was a real eye opening and educational experience about appreciating some of the things that without knowing we took for granted living in America, prior to the trip. That was probably the biggest negative for me.The staff at the Riu Bambu were outstanding.......The Anamacion staff (entertainment team) were OUT OF THIS WORLD! In particular, Angela, Richard, Oliver, Jesus, Daisy, and all the others whose names I cannot remember right now. Wilkin, in the dining room ( aka Chocolat!), Vidal who made reservations for water sports, and all of the resort staff were very gracious and helpful.Not one day went by that there wasn't a new adventure. My daughter experienced several new nationalities, French, German, Canadian, Spanish, etc...She and her friend and friend's mom, could all speak a little Spanish which is helpful. We were all impressed with the staff's ability, many of them to speak, some, up to 5 languages! Impressive!The rooms were nice, and well cared for....don't drink the tap water, there is bottled water provided for you every day.The grounds were impeccable, and always being attended to....The food venues were amazing, anything and everything available to eat...or to try new foods whenever you wanted, needless to say the short walks on the beach may have lessened the weight gain from the constant source of food over the week!The beaches were more beautiful than I have ever seen. Nice tropical breezes, great sunning area with lots of shade for middle of the day sun, and outstanding people watching! Lots of topless sunbathers, which for myself and the other mom was not a problem, being nurses, however the first time you see it it DOES catch you off guard. WE took the Bavaro Runner excursion. Kevin, the guide and Johnny the driver were excellent, too. It was a 120 mile trip, for $80.00/person and well worth the money spent.We went inland to a sugar cane plantation, tasted sugar cane, went to a typical Dominican farm house, where they made organic coffee and chocolate. We also went to a cigar factory and saw a cigar being made and learned the history of tobacco raising and cigar production in the DR. Then on to the beach for horse back riding and lunch, then returned to our resort. A very fun day was had by all.The girls and the other mom went parasailing and went out on the paddle boats one day. The paddle boats are included in the cost of the resort, however the parasailing was extra. They had blast on both and parsailing was worht hte cost. They said it was awesome!Take lots of sunscreen and reapply reapply reapply.This vacation was a 9.95 on a scale of 10 and we had more fun than I can describe in this small space!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel001
<Content>HAPPY WITH STAY AT THE RIU BAMBU Overall my vacation to Punta Cana was great. All that my wife and I were looking for was a good beach and sun.The Riu is OK, was what i expected based on all the of the posting that I was able to read.Rooms - Average, you will need a second floor room. The beds are hard and the pillows are flat, but really did not matter.Food - Average, was not great but was not really bad. Breakfast was by far the best. I would recommend that you get up early and make a reservation for the GRILLE resturant.Service - Above Average. Just need to tip a buck here and there and it goes a long way. Did not have to wait for a drink, just make sure that you ask for double rum or vodka when getting your mix drinks.Beach - GREAT. I honestly can tell you that this was the best beach that my wife and I have been to. Laying in the sun and jumping into the ocean, the water was not rough at all.I would go back to Punta Cana in a heart beat. Would i stay at the RIU BAMBU again. Sure, but i am sure that there are others that are much better. But for the amount of money that was spent on the vacation, it was well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT A 5 STAR PLACE We went with another couple. The room accomidations are okay, however there are maintenance problems. Rooms on first floor units on the 2 story complex are very noisy.There are no Irons, or general necessities in the room. You have to rent an Iron. The Staff really needs a lesson in customer service. The do not have enough towels for guests and your are limited to one per guest. The food is of an average grade and not much variety.No real snack bars during pool hours. The bar staff is limited on drink variety. The pools are small and limited space to lay by the pool directly due to vegitation. However, the beach is great and the sand is clean. I would go to Punta Cana again but not at this resort. I advised apple vacations this is not a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rui bambu-ozlled they should change the name of this place to the rui bambu-ozlled. I was not happy. the bed was hard, the staff couldnt understand english, the food was terible, the pool area had too much shade, and the nightly entertainment stunk. The only thing that was good was the beach. End of story.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CaesarKelley
<Content>Overall - great resort for the cost My husband and I stayed at the Riu Bambu from March 12 to March 16th. We went with another couple that brought their 14 year old daughter. We are all in our mid-late 30's.First, as most reviews have said, the beach is fantastic. We've been to Cancun and Puerto Vallarta and there is no comparison. This is by far the best beach. It had a lot to do with the number of palm trees, soft sand, nice breeze and beautiful water.Rooms - we requested a 2nd floor room (mostly because we heard that the bugs could be bad on the 1st floor rooms) but received a 1st floor room. No trouble with bugs. As everyone else has said, beds were hard and pillows were thin, but it wasn't so bad we couldn't sleep on them. If you feel like this will be a problem, just bring some sleeping pills. Bathroom had seen better days, but we only spent time in there to shower and get ready.Food - This was our second all-inclusive resort and we thought this food was much better than our last experience. They try to do a good job at variety and styles (American vs. European). We never had a bad meal or unable to find something to fill us up. No one that traveled with us got sick either during our stay or after we returned (which has happened in previous trip to Mexico). We didn't drink the water in the rooms and brushed our teeth with the bottled water provided. We did drink the water and the ice in the drinks but we were all fine. However, I don't think any of us ate any salad/lettuce or much of the non-cooked food.Entertainment - The Animacion team does a good job at trying to entertain anyone that wants to be entertained. I think I had read that the music they dance to and sing to stays in your head for days after you get back and that is absolutely true. The Michael Jackson night was the best for entertainment. I think it's on Tuesday night. Not much for teenagers to do - the 14 yr old was too old for the kids stuff and wasn't very entertained by the nightly shows. However, she did enjoy the painting activities offered daily - opens at 10am by the pool.Some suggestions - Bring a plastic mug or thermos to have the bartenders put cocktails in. They only have small plastic cups and the ice will melt fast. Also, we went on the Maranarium tour and it was well worth the money. We snorkeled (not that great) and got to swim with sharks/sting rays. Also, the natural pond they speak of is just an inlet in the ocean, but it was still lots of fun. If you are an experienced snorkeler and want to make it easier on yourself, bring your own flippers they didn't provide any.Some people had written that the Europeans were rude. We didn't find that too much. We have to realize that they have a different culture than American and they have to adapt to us as we do to them, so we should cut each other some slack.I hope everyone finds this helpful as I tried to include all I could think of and want to thank all the other Trip Advisor reviewers as they made our trip much more enjoyable with their suggestions.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4164
<Content>5 star and 3 star in one. Stayed: Mar 3, 2006 - Mar 10, 2006I can't believe that it's my turn to write a review. After spending many sleepless nights reading others reviews and wondering this, worrying about that.. finally I'm done and my turn to write one for you guys. ;-)Overall, it's mix of 5 star and 3 star hotel, I would say. ** Some concerns I had.I was really worried about getting sick after reading so many reports of people getting sick in Riu Bambu. Fortunately, I (and my wife) didn't get sick, but I had to avoid anything that was not fully cooked. (didn't even dream about having salad or anything raw.)Our Sunquest rep told me that avoiding drinking tap water and avoiding eating not fully cooked meat should be enough. But then there's also story of getting parasites from salads.. ;-)Also, I found out about malaria warning in the area by the Canadian goverment at the last minute and was very concerned about moquitos but didn't see any mosqitos there. The whole facility is all open, so I always looked at the lights to see if there are any mosquitos, but didn't see a single flying one. I also didn't see any flying one in Santo Domingo tour or in the airport.However, I saw total of three mosquitos during the 7 days of stay. One was on a plate in the Colonial dining room. Another was in my room, in the bathroom. The third one was inside the tour bus to Santo Domingo. But overall, me and my wife managed without a single bite, so it was much relieving. ** Here are the 5 star part.- The beach. The best. Not because of the location, but the way they landscaped it with many small palm trees for lots of shades, and high soft sand, and continuous maintenance done on the beach. Not a single empty cup or garbage stays on the beach for more than 5 minutes. I've also looked at the beaches of nearby hotels (including the famous Bahia) - in a fruitless attempt in looking for the flea market on the beach and Riu Bambu's beach was by far the best. When I was reading the reviews, people kept mentioning the best beach and I used to say so what? Beach is beach.. But it really made alot of difference after seeing it myself.Riu Palace's beach (right beside) is a bit different. It looks better with high palm trees but somewhat less practical (less shade).- The main facility.It's clean (and always being cleaned by the staffs). It's colourful and very beautiful. It doesn't look as expensive as the Palace's, but looks much much better. (My main activity there was taking photos, and Riu Bambu's facility was much more photogenic.)- The omlet station at breakfast.It was mentioned a few times already, but the immensely popular omlet station was truely something I could enjoy day after day.** Now, 3 star part.- The room.The room is small, but I'm OK with it.But the room smells (from tobaco smell I believe). Looks really old (the bath tub and shower is downright depressing to look at.). The washroom has some different shapes and sizes of bugs and worms. On my last day, I thought I saw a really tiny roach on one of our stuff but missed it, and it really bothered me since it could get into out stuff and be ported all the way to our home. (It still bothers me since it's been only a day since we returned.)The pillows are flat and the beds are ultra hard -- yes, but this was just perfect for my and my wife's taste. (They give you two small beds put together, and 4 flat pillows.)Now, the bad part was that the pillows stinked beyond my imagination. (smells like all rotten inside) And the maid wouldn't change the pillow cover or bed sheet during our stay. (Not included in their routine cleaning, I believe.)Once I asked the cleaning lady to change those. (She didn't speak English, but I tried my best.) She changed only one of the bed sheet. I met her again on my return to the room (they seem to spend the whole day cleaning the 8 rooms in one floor), and brought all the 4 pillow covers to her to be changed. She came back with new covers after a couple of hours or so. It turns out, she had to go back all the way and wash our pillow covers and bring them back since there are no new replacements. (I looked at their carts later, and it had all towels but only few bed sheets and no pillow covers.)I'm usually in the opinion of just following the hotel's system instead of pushing through my way. But I couldn't really stand the smelly pillows. Every day I come back and lie down on the bed, the smells bothered me the whole night. And it made me attempt the venture with the cleaning lady that I would normally not do.- Special requests.I don't usually bother making special requests, but I treid emailing RIU Bambu before the trip requesting a 2nd floor room and extra pillows. I got an acknowledgement a week later saying they'll try their best. When we got to the hotel, it wasn't honoured at all -- we got 1st floor room (which is as expected) but then my wife says she heard a lady complaining she got 2nd floor room when she requested 1st floor room. (The reason was 2nd floor was too hot for her during her last stay..)It was kina funny..Also I heard another person complaining he didn't get anything after request a jug of water to the lobby. For me, I picked up the water jug whenever I passed by a supply truck. :-) (1 gallon of water every 2 days..)** Some other parts.- The entertainment was plain boring for me, but my wife enjoyed it.(Or tried to enjoy it.) We went to the carnival on the Carribean street on Thursday night, and it seems Riu Bambu's entertainment seems to be the most energetic and entertaining of all Riu teams. - My wife was somewhat satisfied with children's program there. (We didn't take any kids, but were interested in the program, for next time.) I believe it's purelly due to the particular lady in the entertainment team who does the children's program. - We tried Mediterranean restraunt and Caribe Grill. Both were just same food as buffet but limited choice with waiters serving them. - At the snack restaurant one day, I found a huge roach squashed on the floor (along with some other bugs) and left there forever. That really took my last remaining apetite away for good.- The people are nice. Not very helpful though due to the language barrier. But then even if they all spoke English, there still will be Germans and French who get frustrated. :-)- I learned that TUI is a German tourism company (just like Sunquest in Canada), and owns 50% of RIU chain. And that explains the number of Germans there.- I also learned from the Santa Domingo tour guide that 50% of Dominicans do not make over $500 a month (which means the other 50% makes more than that), and the lowest paying job is working at the sugar cane farm at $7 / day. - Our flight to Punta Cana from Toronto was delayed for 5 hours. (officially 4 hours, but then they sneaked in another hour at the end) The flight back was delayed for 1 hour at the airport, 1 hour while flying. We arrived at our hotel around 2am (local time). But then I heard another story from the plane back from a guy who says his bus lost a wheel during the trip to the hotel and had to help the driver to shove the wheel on the trailer and arrived at the hotel at 5am.- One of the hardest experience at the airport was having to walk to your airplane with all the planes idling their jet engine. It made some people unable to breathe due to the smell. We had to walk by 5 or 6 airplanes to find ours. (The 747 looked awsome from the ground..) And.. people starting to spread when they saw another Skyservice plane.. wondering which one to take.. It's inconvenient but was an interesting exprience for me.- Do not bother going for a free message at the Carribean street. It was waste of time and experience.- Somebody mentioned the casino being the arcade. It's true.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>andrew5
<Content>enjoyed ourselves but My wife, myself and another couple stayed at the Riu Bambu from Feb.24 to Mar.3 2006.We are all 57 years old - all right, I'm 58!This was our third visit to the Carribean.Last year we went to the Beaches resort in Varadero, Cuba and the year before to the Iberostar Paraiso in the Mayan Riviera. We all felt that the Bambu was far superior to the former and compared favorably with the latter.We found the staff friendly, polite and hard-working.It was an extremely busy week and their workload must have increased but the smiles,singing and holas were everywhere.The food,we thought, was fine with lots of selection. Again,even though it was very busy, the staff worked hard to ensure there were no long line-ups and that the tables were cleared and cleaned. We didn't bother trying to get a reservation for dinner at the a la carte restaurants since we'd heard you had to get up with the birds to get one.But we were very content to sit outside the buffet restaurant and enjoy the splendid Dominican evenings.The days, by the way, were just as splendid.We were looked after by Luis Rijo- a charming,modest and delightful man- who ensured that our dining experience was enjoyable.His considerate attention was even more remarkable when you take into account the fact that he had already worked the breakfast shift (7 to 10), lunch ( 1 to 2) as well as preparation and clean up for all 3 meals.Maybe the guests should have to change places with the staff for one day of their holiday and they might appreciate them more.Here comes a but. The wine does not come out of bottles here. It is produced by pushing a tap on a wooden barrel which, I suspect, conceals a plastic bag whence the wine originally emanates.We are by no means connoisseurs but this stuff is awful. I would suggest bringing a few bottles with you if you enjoy a glass of wine with your meal.The activities staff must have been on something, although they wouldn't share it with us.Whirling dervishes is an apt description.(Totally the opposite of their counterparts at Sandals Beaches who did next to nothing.)Take a well earned rest,guys.The beach is spectacular.There was a shortage of chairs on most days ( a minor but). However,the management managed to find 4 more for us - ask and you shall receive. But even the Dominicans can't give you the moon or change the weather.The main but was actually the behavior and attitude of some of the guests. I didn't witness any rudeness towards the staff except a few people who would stay at the dinner table after everybody else had left, thus preventing staff from leaving. But I saw lots towards other guests.Sometimes, I and others were sometimes made to feel like non-members at a private club. A sense of humour transplant would have been a good idea for a few of them.Finally, I believe it is permitted to offer the outside workers a drink.The 2 I asked said it was, anyway.And if you can't do that, buy a coconut from them.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GoingEverywhere
<Content>Terrific Staff We stayed here for a week with a relatively large group of people, as a friend of mine was getting married. Overall, I was quite pleased with the all-inclusive experience. The staff was probably the best part of it! They were terrific, helpful, and friendly. The brochures say gratuities are included, but they don't make a lot, so tips are important and appreciated. Make a special effort at the swim-up bar, where tourists understandably go without money. The rooms were sub-par. The beds weren't all that comfortable; and in every room that I saw, the idea of a king bed was really just a couple of smaller beds pushed together. Worst of all, the pillows were very thin. If you can pack your own, do so! We ate very well. Nothing stood out, but there was a wide selection at all the meals. Trying to figure out a seating time is about the most complicated thing; but once you've done that (first day), the rest will go smoothly. At breakfast, there are both European-style and American-style breakfasts. The real issue is reservations for the restaurants. Most people want to go to the steakhouse at one time or another, so you've gotta get your reservation in early in the morning. (It's been awhile, but 7AM is the time I remember). We were usually out fairly late the night before, so that was problematic. On the third attempt, we got a table. The beach is spectacular. With so many Europeans, it was also topless to a large extent. I wouldn't say clothing-optional, although I saw one woman fully nude. She was the only person in a week, so I wouldn't recommend it. The Dominican Republic is a conservative country. Watch what you wear off the resort. But if you're getting some rays, nobody will bat an eye if you're topless. DO get a massage while you're there! I got one on the beach and was happily talked into several more. Every other day, it was wonderful... and much cheaper than in the United States. In a package of three, I believe I paid $135 ($45/per).There's a town close by. It's a short cab ride away and a good opportunity to look for some good Dominican cigars. Bargain for them! The asking price is not the price you should pay. Dominican cigars, by the way, are among the best. If you enjoy a smoke now and then, it's worth making the trip to town. Buy a lighter in town, as well, since everything is very expensive at the resort's little souvenir store. You do NOT want to buy anything at the store if you can help it.Finally, if you need cash, there is no ATM in the guest areas of the resort. Do not believe, however, that there is no ATM. Some employees will say they don't have one. But there is a big building where employees from all the Riu resorts gather. There's an ATM right outside. You have to walk about 10 minutes, but it beats cab fare to town. Ask for directions... it's not hard to find.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>windsorcouple
<Content>german retirement home My wife visted feb 22 to march1.We have travelled to dr many times and stayed at riu chain of resorts often what we found at riu bambu was the crowd not nearly as upbeat as other resorts. pros- the beach .cons- lots of old people like 80% the beds were like plywood no hot water drinks watered down the food was the worsed i have had in the dr the lacarte was down right awfull the entertainment was a joke staff was just okay my recomondation is to find out from your travel agent where the europeans are going and go elsewhere as the germans were quite rude sorry to say.In all i would say that in all of are travells this was the worst resort we have stayed at i would recomend spending a few extra dollars and pick breezes or secrets or melia chain as they are far better resorts  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible They were overbooked so we had to go to another hotel for the first part of our stay. Staff wer not helpful at all. Nearly no one speaks any english, and those that do have bare minimum, so it is nearly impossible to get your point across to them. Room is smelly, mold in the bathroom, toilet seat is crooked. Evening entertainment is so loud that if you or your child are trying to sleep, it is like sleeping next to a stereo system with the volume turned all teh way up. Food is terrible and always the same. Cold cuts are smelly, cheese runs because there is no AC in the restaurant. I could go on and on but I hope you get an idea. DO NOT GO THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic resort - would love to return! My boyfriend, myself, and another couple stayed at the Riu Bambu from Feb. 16th to Feb. 23rd. All four of us had a wonderful time, and I could definitely see myself going back. Here are the highlights:Yes, as stated in many reviews, the beds are on the hard side, the pillows on the flat side, and the towels a little rough. Personally, none of these inconveniences are enough to affect my overall experience. The resort has a lovely neighbourhood feeling as it is divided into several eight-block apartments, and the grounds are always immaculate.The beach is by far the most beautiful I've seen, and there is plenty of space to either bask in the sun or doze in the shade. Numerous staff members are available to happily assist you with whatever you need. There's no shortage of games or activities if you choose to participate. Though many attempt to speak English/French/German, it is useful to know some Spanish. While the pool area gets a little crowded, I found no reason to spend much time there with an ocean so breathtaking a few metres away. While there is no bar directly on the beach, I found a LITTLE walk into the resort refreshing, and not at all a nusiance.As long as you aren't a fussy eater and you have at least a minimal sense of adventure, you will find plenty of variety at the buffet. The theme nights were especially tasty. The A La Carte restaurants were excellent, though a little too filling after a hard day of lounging. So you have to get up and make a reservation - go back to bed afterwards! Time really has little relevance on vacation (Unless you go with children, I suppose). Though some complain about having to ask for premium liquor (or liquor at all) for their drinks, this really wasn't an issue for us. Chances are you're not getting premium back home either. Additionally, they may be doing a few people a favour as I noticed that some people took a while to figure out their drink had no alcohol! We found the nightly entertainment to be just that - very entertaining. A special thanks to Oliver, El Boni, Chocolate, and Johnny Bravo for making our stay that much more fun and memorable! Their energy and enthusiasm is infectious!Lastly, you'll get the most out of your vacation if you go with an open mind and positive attitude. Remember - you're in another country with standards and expectations that may differ from your own. You'll find that if you treat the staff with the same respect and consideration you expect for yourself, you'll have NO problems. Chances are, they'll gladly go out of their way for you. Again, we had an amazing time at the Riu Bambu and would definitely recommend this resort! Relax and have fun!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RayHammersley
<Content>Brilliant holiday at Riu Bambu Date: 24th Feb. 2006Reveiwer: TripAdvisor member, Stoke-on-Trent, UKMy wife and I have just returned from a 14 night stay at the Riu Bambu. (30th Jan-13 Feb 2006). Having previously travelled extensively throughtout Europe, I can honestly say that it was one of the best hotels we have visited.It was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and like many we were a little concerned about the standards we might encounter. WORRY NOT! This hotel is beautifully laid out. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are adequate with both ceiling fan and air conditioning to say nothing of the well stocked mini bar and FREE safety deposit box.Having suffered from upset stomachs on many holidays in Europe and having read several reports on TripAdvisor criticizing the food at this hotel, we took a copious supply of diarrhoea tablets. None were ever needed. The choice of food far surpassed that found most European hotels and the quality was certainly adequate. We were never kept waiting at meal times even though the hotel was full. Besides the buffet restaraunte there are three further a-la-carte restarauntes where the service was excellent.The beach was absolutely superb with plenty of sun beds available. The pool area did get a bit crowded at times but there was always a space to be found somewhere.The only reservation I would make is that neither this hotel nor indeed this resort offers a lot for teenagers. Daytime activities are plentiful but the evening entertainment is a bit limited and very repetative.On the whole this proved to be one of the best holidays we have had. I would certainly return to this hotel again in the future  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definitely go back!! This was our first trip to Punta Cana and we loved it...equal to other trips to Mexico/Carribean or better! Overall the Riu Bambu was great! Excellent friendly staff especially the kids at the pool! Great beach and grounds. Food was above average...always could find something to eat. Our room was clean and very nice. The Carribean Street Night was awesome with the music and parade. It was a short walk on the beach to the market where we shopped and haggled with the locals! Good buys too! A couple complaints...the specialty restaurants only take reservations from 7-10 Am. If you are not an early riser as us you can't get in or get late times only. The rooms have thin towels and the mattresses and pillows are bad too. Also bring wash clothes...not provided. You need to often tell the bartenders to put alcohol in your drinks or you get it without! An insulated cup from home is a must to keep drinks cold while by beach/pool. We will definitely go back again and stay at the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lolasmom
<Content>A fun time...... My boyfriend and I just returned from the Riu Bambu - stayed four nights from February 17-21. Good points and bad points but all in all, a great time and a very good value for the money.PROS: The beach - absolutely gorgeous and you can walk for miles. Lots of topless women walking around which you get used to. Mostly by people who probably shouldn't but that's our American upbringing I guess. Plenty of lounge chairs, soft white sand, chrystal clear warm water, etc. We took a catamaran sailboat out two days in a row (included in price) and did the snorkeling excursion ($29 pp) Both wonderful. Our room was great, room 113, near the beach and the dining facility, 2nd floor. One of the best rooms at the hotel. The staff was excellent, friendly and accomodating. The drinks were strong, a little TOO strong - we had a few too many at the pool bar which was ...awesome, great party atmosphere, we met people from Austria, England, France etc and had a blast. Again, maybe too much fun. Fully stocked refrigerator and liquor, they were great about replacing whenever we needed. CONS: Beds were HARD, very uncomfortable. However, if you take along some Tylenol PM as I did, you won't even know, you will sleep like a baby! I highly recommend that.... No bar service at the beach, a little bit of a walk to the bar to get a drink. Bring large insulated mugs and they will fill those for you. The food....well good and bad. Breakfast at the Colonial buffet was great, omelettes made to order. A lot of greasy deep fried stuff for all meals and the grease smell was awful. Lunch at the Mamajuana snack bar was ok, I had to pick and choose and avoided the deep fried stuff. Pizza was always a safe bet. The meat looked weird so I didn't touch it. We did not do any ala carte based on things I've read. The food all in all was ok, some things really good, some not. My boyfriend did get sick and didn't feel well for a good part of the trip but he hung in there :) Probably a combination of the food and too many rum and cokes at the pool bar. Had to go ALL the way to the bar to get ice for the room for your beverages. Called front desk, they would not bring it up. No ice buckets so you had to get a plastic bag from the gift shop. Entertainment - ok - nothing great but we were too tired at night to really stay up for the 10:00 show. The Casino at the Palace was fun, but definitely a much older crowd and very different atmosphere, more formal I guess. To sum things up, I didn't mind that the food wasn't the greatest, I found things that I really liked that were very good and avoided the other stuff. The beach, the pool, the dominican atmostphere, the staff, the water sports, the pool bar and the hotel itself (buildings and grounds were clean and beautiful) made up for some of the negatives.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday Having read reviews we arrived with mixed views on what the hotel would be like. We found the staff very friendly and responsive to your every need. The food was of good quality although somewhat repetitive. There were plenty of entertaining things to do and the beach was the best we have experienced in the Caribbean. The rooms were well equipped, including hairdryer in the bathroom. The all-inclusive package was extremely good value for money and certainly the most extensive we have experienced. We would not hesitate in recommending the hotel complex to our friends and relatives.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTgirl123
<Content>Bad for teens, good for adults I am an older teen and I highly recommend any families with teens or kids do not come to this resort!Food: The food was absolutely terrible. My entire family of 6 all got sick from the food at one point during our five night stay. The food got so bad I would only eat what I would have to and no more. It gets extremely repetitive because there is only one buffet. I also had to buy doritos and other snacks from the extremely over priced store located in the resort. Getting sick on this trip really brought it down, it was terrible not to have good food.Entertainment: Absolutely awful. It was basically the same thing every night. The only reason people were there to watch every night because there is nothing better to do at night. There is a bar but the drinks are very watered down and are not cold. For teens: There is absolutely nothing to do. The entire time I was there I did not see one other teenager. Beach: The beach was very nice I have to admit. THe water was nice and so was the sand. The beach was also not crowded. Pools: Also nice, but not that big.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Douall
<Content>It is what you make it       Bambu pool  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>plovervacation
<Content>Nice but not perfect My husband and I vacationed at Riu Bambu Feb 4-11. The beach is by far the best feature here. We really enjoyed relaxing here and loved the many palm trees which allow you to have shade as well as sun. We spent very little time at the pool because the beach has such a nice breeze. Temps in the 80's every day. The grounds are lovely and well maintained. The bungalows are attractive with pleasant walkways between. The room was just okay, and the beds were rather hard, but we were tired every night and fell asleep easily enough. We walked around to the other hotels in the group. The Palace is nice but looked too geriatric for us. And we are in our 50's! The others, Taino, Naiboa, etc. seemed quiet. The Bambu seemed like the party place.The staff is friendly and each they always seemed to have an hola for all. These people work really long hours and still seem to be smiling all the time. We did tip a dollar or two pretty frequently. There was no need to change our money because our US dollars were always welcome. We had lots of fun in the evening at the La Plaza bar and the bartenders seem to enjoy working there. We ate in the Colonial dining room most of the time. They had a few different themes during the week such as Caribbean, Mexican, and such. The staff is very attentive. The food was not outstanding, just okay. We were very careful not to drink the tap water; we didn't even brush our teeth with it. They provide a gallon of bottled water for you. Still, with this caution, I became sick on the third or fourth day. It had to be something I ate. I'll just say that I was glad I brought the immodium and pepto bismol. I tried not to let this get in the way of enjoying myself BUT it did sap my energy and took away my appetite. I did visit my clinic the first Monday after our return and I am taking antibiotics. We went on two excursions: the Outback Safari, which was a real eye opener. We had a good group and our guide was informative and had a great sense of humor. We visited a sugar cane plantation, a cigar factory, a mountain farm, with horseback riding and a great meal. We also did the Kontiki Boat tour with snorkeling and general partying. These guys did a great job. One big caution: Stay on the big boat as long as possible. We did not and while waiting for the rest of the people on our bus, I was forced to use a facility that made the roadside outhouses at home on a 90 degree day seem like the Ritz. The airport here is terribly inefficient. We stood in one long line after another, arriving and departing. We passed empty stations with nobody working at them. Despite a nice resort, we will probably not return to the Dominican Republic. We would probably consider another RIU hotel though.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>windsurf-girl
<Content>Not good for Vegetarians, but lovely setting       beach scene  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT!!! We stayed at the Riu in 2004. It was one of the best hotels we had ever been to. The staff were VERY friendly who took care of all of our needs ASAP. The food was above average , but the creativity they displayed with the food, at the buffet, was incredible! The staff would occasionally greet you in the first hours of dinner.The shows they put on, were much better then the shows we had seen at all our other resorts and most were something to laugh about. The staff danced there hearts out, they weren't just shows they thought of in a couple minutes they took hours of planing, and it REALLY paid off.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Riubabe
<Content>Ruuuiiillly Great This hotel is fantastic!!! I was on holiday 2nd - 9th February and had a fab time. We travelled to this hotel with Thomson Holidays. Our transfer from the airport was seemless and the journey took about 40 minutes. The roads were not as bad as I expected. When we arrived we were greeted with cocktails whilst checking in.ROOMS - The rooms are a good size and have minibar and optics containing Rum, Vodka, Gin and Brandy. This is refilled every 2 days. You also get a large container of mineral water. The beds are firm but easy to sleep on. Air con is first class. Rooms are very clean.MEALS - We ate in the Caribe Grill which was a great 5 course meal! Also ate at steakhouse and the mediteranian - both a-la-carte. Again food was of a high standard. You need to book these meals between 7-10 in the morning - the earlier you book the more chance you have of getting a space. We were always up in time to book. The buffets were all fresh and tasty and you had plenty of food to choose from. Loads of choice for vegetarians aswell. Fresh hot doghnuts and pancakes for breakfast which were excellent.BEACH - this is just like paradise no one could fault it. Check out the pics! Loads of palms if you prefer the shade and also loads of sunbeds in full sun. We always managed to get a sunbed at either the beach or the pool.BARS - they are all very clean and the bartenders are very good at what they do - aswell as entertaining. Cocktail eat your heart out!!!!!STAFF - never came accross anyone who was not very kind, friendly and helpful. Always saying Hola as you pass. They could not be anymore helpfull. They get paid pennies for what they do, and they really appreciate their jobs!I can`t really comment on the entertainment as we did not see the shows, as we prefer a quite drink and an early night! What entertainment I saw during the day looked very good and Carribean Street party was well worth a visit (Thursday nights).We did the marinarium excursion and that was brilliant. You get to snorkle with sharks and rays. Also very entertaining.Whale watching is also not to be missed I have included some photos! You get to see these animals up very close and they are amazing. I hope this review has helped you make a good choice.I would definately say you should go to the Riu Bambu. You can make this holiday as lively as you like, as there is plently to do, but you can also have a quite time like we did. Its your choice and no one bothers you if you don`t want to join in the entertainment.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach ...nothing more My husband and I traveled to Riu Bambo and our first time doing an all inclusive. We have been to Cancun and Acapulco and do cruise a lot. I am very easy to please . First off we were only going on a short trip 3nites and 4 days. Our trip started off bad when our aiport travel tour did not have a bus to fit enough people. We had 14 people that had to wait 25 min. outside waiting for them to decide to get another bus then our 25 minute ride turned into 1 1/2hour when our driver had no idea what resort he was going to. Upon arrival at Riu Bambo check in was fine at 5:20 pm when we landed at 2:40pm. Our room was nice nothing to call home about. Beds are very hard and had terrible time sleeping. It is very hard to talk to maid asked for 2 extra pillows and she came in with four clean pillow cases. Your service you get does depend on if you tip them. Did have lots of tiny tiny little bugs. The food was cold and was repeated every nite. The resturants you make reservation for are held in the outdoor resturant you eat lunch at. All they do is put table cloths on the tables and serve you. We thought you went to a resturant not sit in chairs were people sit in wet bathing suits and sun tan lotion all afternoon. The entertainment ok for the staff putting on the shows. The drinks were o.k. as long as you tip the bartender and make sure you ask for rum in your Pina Colada. Beaware that the goverment shuts down the power when ever they want. We came back from the beach at 10.30 a.m. on saturday when checking out to go to our room and shower and we had no water or electricty. We were told by front desk that it should be back on at 2:00 p.m. and ask to check out late so we could shower before are 4 hour flight home and was told no that if we were not out of are room by 12:00 noon they would send someone to collect are bags. Front desk was very very rude and not understanding at all. I believe that once they have your money they don't care. Not even the toilets can be flushed which was pretty disgusting. Then we wern't suppose to be picked up until 3:15 for our ride back to the airport and was picked up at 2:00 pm in which we had to leave with out showering since the power was still off. Never heard of anything like it. Spending all this money on a trip and staying at a 4 hotel and not having water or power. Being served warm soda ,water and cold food for lunch. Would never go back. Goin to stick to cruisin. Must say that the beach was beautiful the weather was good and the grounds to the Riu is beautiful. That I will give them a give them a five for.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>While I was at the Riu Bambu...I LOVED MY JOB!!!!!!       The views are incredible from EVERYWHERE!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time! Can't wait to go back!!! I stayed at the Riu Bambu hotel Jan. 29th - Feb. 5th. - I had the time of my life!!!!Although, I don't do much traveling, so I do not have much to compare this resort to, I thought it was amazing. I went with my friend's family. (I am 19, my friend is 18, her two parents and two sibilings who are 8 and 3.)We spent most days just relaxing on the beach and spent most nights at the bar and disco. The staff is extremly friendly! The rooms were average - like most have said the beds are a little hard, but by the time it is time to go to bed, you are wiped out - so they didn't bother me at all. I highly recommend to go snorkling - the fish are gorgeous, they swim right up next to you - the water is so amazing!!!!!I can't say enough about this hotel - I could go on forever. We are already planning our next trip!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic holiday at Riu Bambu We spent a week at the Riu Bambu from 30th January to 6th February 2006. Neither of us had been to Dominican Republic before and had read lots of mixed reviews before we went. All I can say is anyone who gives a bad review must be pretty fussy. We had a fantastic week, the beach was beautiful, the sea was warm and clear and even when it rained a little it was still hot, we just sat under a sun umbrella in our swim suits until it passed and sipped a cold drink. The hotel rooms were a nice size and very clean, the bathrooms were also very clean and in good condition. The food was very good with lots of choice, we ate in one of the A la Carte restaurants one night, but prefered the buffet in the Colonial restaurant. The public areas of the hotel were all kept very clean and the two pools were also very clean, we loved the swim up bar. The staff were all friendly and helpful and worked very hard. We went without our children this time, but have decided we will definately take them there next year, they will love it.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun in the sun at RIU Bambu - I love my job!!! We just got back from a fun week at RIU Bambu. The resort is beautiful, clean and well organized. The rooms are sizable with a mini bar that is stocked every other day with liquor, beer, pop  water and yours to drink as you please. It's a short walk from your room to get around the resort and to the beach. The food is quite good, a little repetitive but they are catering to a variety of tastes  cultures so they're fairly mainstream (we couldn't get a reservation for other restaurants because you need to get there at like 7AM to book it so if a la carte is you thing get in line early!), the Mexican themed night at Colonial was really good. The pools are a little small and a little too shaded compared to other resorts I've stayed in - if you want a lounger, once again, you have to be up mighty early to snag one just go down put your towel on it and it's yours for the day!(which is consistent with every resort I've ever been to!). The bars are great and most of the staff are super friendly (and flirtatious!). The beach is beautiful and breezy which does give the ocean great waves that my kids loved diving into - lots of fun. The kids club was ok, in the brochure it says activities from 9:30am-12 - its not, more like 10:45 to 12, then 3 til 5 is more like 3-4!! which was a little disappointing especially if you're looking for some time to relax away from the kids the odd time. Angela who runs the activities is great with the kids and they do have fun even though it's short. The daily games with the Animacion Team are a good laugh, I recommend you participate - their favourite phrase is I lova ma joba which was funny, they are always so happy and they work LONG hours. Shows in the evening were enjoyable, they had a dance show, a Michael Jackson impersonator - who was excellent! and they did Grease! The staff really appreciate it when you try to speak a bit of Spanish to them not that you have to - most of them speak 3/4 languages anyway! Overall it was a good vacation - I wouldn't go back because I dont like to go to the same place twice, however I would recommend it as a nice family vacation, I wouldn't choose this resort if I was single and looking for a good place to party! P.S. I should forewarn though that all four of us got quite sick on our last day - not quite sure what it was! However it wouldn't put me off, you can easily get as sick just staying at home and eating locally!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UICHVAC
<Content>GOOD FOR THE PRICE We stayed at the Riu Bambu from January 22-28, 2006. I will keep this review short and accurate.This was our second time to Punta Cana at 2 different resorts.1)BEACH: This is the nicest beach in the area. People  froma other resorts would walk over to this beach.2)HOTEL: Average rooms, clean, 2-story bungalow type,  clean, only far from the beach area as most of the  resort are (no ocean views). Do NOT drink the tap water. Bottled water is provided by hotel.3)FOOD: The food was average and was very repetative  after a few days. There was plenty of it, but nothing fantastic.4)DRINKS: Basic drinks available as much as you want.  The wine out of the barrels was not great at all.  If you ask for a specific brand they will give it to you and are cooperative.5)WEATHER: In Janauary we had a few brief showers, stronger winds,temperatures in the mid-80's. Nice if you live in Chicago.6)PEOPLE: Great group of people on both of our visits to Punta Cana. Very friendly, helpful, and want you to have a good time. These people don't make much I found a little tipping goes a long way. We tipped the housekeeper, bar tenders, waiters, etc. They remembered us when we walked into any facitity. I don't mean lots a money, a couple of dollars here and there. Bring lots of singles. 7)OVERALL: I would recommend get the best resort you  can afford. We booked with Apple Vacations and per  their ratings. Do not go below a 5 Red Apple rating. Last time we stayed at a 5 Golden Apple and it was  worth the extra money. I am ready to go back at any time. Many German, Polish, Russian, Canadian, American people with different cultures. You may see  some strange habits, but it is all part of travel.We must put up with it or stay home. It is interesting to see and meet the rest of the world. My wife and I had fun with it all. GREAT TRAVELING!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>weasieIllinois
<Content>We had a wonderful time! A group of 8 of us stayed at the Riu Bambu from 1/21/06 to 1/28/06. I would like to start off by thanking all of the other people who wrote reviews (both positive and negative)because it was exactly as I expected. Beautiful beaches, friendly service, clean rooms and yes, hard beds but we didn't mind. By the time we got to bed, we were sooo tired we could have slept on a picket fence! I really did not pay much attention to the animacion team- spent most of my time either playing golf or on the beach. The food was nothing to write home about, kind of the same everyday-but we did not go hungry. The weather was perfect, except for the wind for the first couple of days. Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at Riu Bambu!! My husband and I stayed at Riu Bambu from Jan 22 to 29,06. We had a great time, the werather was wonderful. Here are some pointers.Rooms: We had a standard room which was nice, nothing spectactular, but thats what a standard room is.. We didn't see any creepy crawlers which is a good sign.. Housekeeping was good, and they always refill you mini fridge.... There are alarm clock just make sure not to turn off the power switch near the door, that will turn off the power for the clock, then you'll have to reset it once again... Other then that it was all good..Entertainment: Sorry to say, we didn't enjoy it at all, kind of boring. Food: The food was good, one night at the Colonial (buffet) they had Mexican night which was a hit and another night they had Caribean night, which was also good. Unfortunatley we didn't get to experiance the a la carte, if you want to book it they you have to wake up at 7am because if your later than that you wont get a booking. TRUST ME!!!! Staff: Everyone is very friendly expecially the entertainment team. They keep you entertained during the day with many different kinds of activities.. and if you have kids they are great with them. Overall our vacation was great, keep in mind once your on the beach, to the right if you walk about half hour there is a market on the beach, which you can buy many things, but keep in mind that they are really pushy! Also there is a Carinean Market only for Riu people, they have little shops its actually very nice, to walk at night, its near the the Riu Place.. if you decide to go then don't leave from the front of the resort, there's a pathway on the beach that will lead you there. its about 5-10 min walk, ask front desk if your not sure. Calls: DO NOT MAKE LONG DISTANCE CALLS FROM YOUR ROOM !! They charge you $2US per min, buy a calling card your better off. Well thats it, hope this helps you!! Byee.And have a good trip!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu good time We stayed at the Riu Bambu for a week from January 19th 2006.Rooms Relatively large with 2 Queen Beds  a seating area inside, leading onto a small patio balcony. Bathroom is small and a bit outdated, but perfectly functional.Maid service was great, clean and prompt, with flower petal and birds made out of flowers each day. There is a mini bar that is stocked with drinks every other day and is all inclusive.There is the usual room smell you expect in the Dominican (i've stayed in 4 different hotels on the island and always the same, but you get used to it!)Food - I thought the food was great. I was worried about the number of guests that the quality wouldn't be good, but always a good choice for me (and my girlfriend who is vegetarian). The restaurant is clean and well staffed. No stomach upsets of any kind despite eating just about everything on offer.Bars - I thought the bars were great - you never have to wait more than a few seconds - the drinks are strong and as long as you specify what you want - international drinks are freely availablePool area - The pool is clean and really refreshing, but there are not enough loungers for all guests and if like me you refuse to get up a 6am in the morning to reserve your spot, then the beach is a much better bet.Beach - the view is amazing - when we stayed the swell was bigger than usual, which made it even more dramatic as you can see the waves breaking on the the coral bout a 100m out. Entertainment - the amimacion team try their best, but more amusing than anything else - the Flamenco Night as an example had little or no dancing! Travel outside the hotel is very expensive by taxi given other prices on the island (eg we went to Sato Domingo for the day costing $180 US)All in all a great holiday, very relaxing, great weather, with staff doing their best to make it comfortable. There has been comment in other reviews that you don't get good service without tipping, however being friendly with a few attempts at Spanish will ensure that the staff are just as courteous!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yawaii30
<Content>Had a good time We stayed at the Riu Bambu 1/13-1/23.Hotel is livelier than the other Riu's. Alot of people from the palace came over to swim at the pool and to hang around the bars.Rooms- The bed was hard, but for some reason we had no problem falling asleep on it. It was a good sized room had plenty of closet space for us. The outside deck was nice to go out on in the morning.Food- There were somethings that were alright, and things that were bad. Breakfast was alright. That was the best food of the day there. Everything is repetitive, you do get tired of it after a while. Lunch, you could have it at Mamajuana's or at the Colonial. I would suggest not eating the hamburgers, as I did not know one person that could get through eating a whole one. The pasta and the salad were alright. The pizza was okay. It was a little bland and I heard some children complaining that it had corn on it. Dinner at the Colonial is average. Basically, almost the same offerings as Lunch there, maybe added vegetables. They have theme nights every other day there. The turkey and duck were good as also the pasta, rice and beans. I can't say much about any other meat there. They had roast beef one night and we thought it was going to be good. It was tough, could not even really get a bite of it. The desserts were terrible. The ice cream (except for the machine in Mamajuana's) had an off flavor. We did go to the steakhouse one night ( You have to wake up early and wait in line to get the reservation. I suggest to sleep in and forget it.) It was plain awful. We both ordered our steaks medium and they came back like they were deep fried and looked like jerky. The chef's speciality, I have no idea what that stuff is, it was scary looking. I would suggest bringing some snacks with you to cover you over as they don't have much for snacks. Watch out for people trying to break in line at the buffet.Bar- The service is good. Very friendly people. You can always ask for more alcohol in your drinks. The mixed drinks are overly sweet. I could not drink a whole one except for the chocolate brandy drink. I kept to a vodka and tonic the rest of the trip. The wine is bad. Smells and taste like vinegar. If you like wine you are out of luck. I did not try the beer, but I heard that it was decent.Pool- It is a nice size pool. Some days I did see some straws floating in the pool, but that was just litterbugs doing there work. The pool was a little chilly. There are also alot of palm trees around. Not really good if you are trying to sunbathe. I would suggest the beach for that. I did have some good times at the pool though. Some people wake up early and put there towels on the top spots. Then they don't show up till 5 hours later. Beach- The beach is beautiful. We enjoyed taking walks up and down. There is a flea market about a 15-20 minute walk. I heard that people got some good deals. We had already purchased our souviners before we got there. Do bargin you can get the price down.There are topless women on the beach. If you don't want to see them. I would suggest going somewhere else.Cleanliness- The hotel is clean over all. I loved the lobby it was nice.Entertainment- The animation team were really nice. The only pitfall is that the shows start at 9:45, which is late to me for a show to start. We went to the casino most of the nights. Overall, we had a good experience. I think that we would return to Punta Cana someday, but I'm not sure about the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarkWindsorOntario
<Content>Nice on the surface! Service - great, the staff do their best to make your stay enjoyable.Rooms - average but don't look too closely. If you do, you'll notice low quality linens, dirty mattresses, musty smelling pillows and beach towels and bugs. More specifically, we were quite shocked one night to discover a rather large cockroach in the bathroom. Tip: keep the plugs in the sink and tub drains.Beach - the best feature of the property.Food - okay, we always found something to eat but if you like beef or pork you'll be disappointed.Entertainment - if you are easily entertained you will find it acceptable.Overall Quality - definitely a 4 star hotel. If you really want a true 5 star you should stay at the palace next door.Overall Experience - We don't regret going but will not likely return. It was just a little lack luster. If you go without high expectations and just want to enjoy the sun, the ocean and get lost in a book in a grove of coconut palms you'll have a good time.The worst thing - the dirty pool towels, low quality linen and the musty smell in the rooms.The best thing - the beach.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SamsClub
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay       Riu Bambu Room  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BeachGirlWisconsin
<Content>Great Trip! Myself and my boyfriend stayed at the Bambu from Jan 15-22 and had a wonderful time! We are both 27 years old and have traveled to several all inclusives in the past! However it was our first trip to the Dominican Republic.Upon our arrival to the RIU Bambu we were greeted by our Apple Representative who led us to the the check in counter. The check in process took less then 5 minutes and we were on our way to our room. ROOM:Our room was located in building #20 on the second floor. We were very close to the lobby, bars, theater and beach! It was a very quiet location. I highly recommend a second floor room. The room was average. Two double beds pushed together to make a king, a small bathroom, nice patio, and good selection of liquor in the mini bar. The rooms are a little dated and could be a little bigger, but are just fine for the little amount of time that is spent in them. The maids do an excellent job of cleaning them each day! Make sure you put your do not disturb sign on the door before you go to bed, or they will be knocking at 8 am to clean your room! The air conditioning gets very cold at night so we requsted additional blankets and they were brought up immediately. Note: there are no washclothes in the rooms so bring one if needed! FOOD:There is one main buffet restaurant The Colonial which serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. On your first night you will eat in the buffet and will let the waiter know if you want to be assigned to the 6:30 or 8:30 seating. You will then eat at the same time each night when eating in the buffet. A smaller lunch is also served in the Mammajuana Restaurant During the week the buffet has theme nights. During our stay Tuesday was Mexican night, Thursday was Barbeque night, and Saturning was Carribean night. There are also 3 a la carte restaurants: Carriben Grill, Mediterrainan Grill, and Steak House. In order to eat at one of these restaurants you need to make a reservation at 7 am the morning of. Unfortunately during our stay we were never able to get a reservation. They only have seatings at 7 pm and 9 pm so they fill up very quickly. We were told to be in line by 6:45 am which was just too early for us. The food in the buffet was good, but very repetitive, except on the theme nights. There is a wide variety, so you can always find something to eat, and the pizza is delicious. BEACH:The beach is absolutely beautiful! The RIU property definatley has the nicest beach area! The water is warm and the waves are fun to play in. Be careful they are strong and will knock you over if your not paying attention! During our stay the resort was at full capacity so the beach was very busy, but we were always able to find a lounge chair even as late as 10:30 am. There are lots of palm trees for shade if you need to get out of the sun for awhile. There is always a nice breeze, so it never felt too hot! If you are facing the water and turn right and walk about 20 minutes you will come across the beach vendors. Make sure to bargin with them, do not pay the asking price. BARS:The are 3 bars throughout the Bambu. There is the pool bar, the theatre bar, and the main bar. All bars are nice and have great service! When ordering a drink make sure to ask for alcohol, otherwise they will make them non-alchoholic. The drinks are very strong so be careful!!!! The bartenders were awesome and worked really hard! ENTERTAINMENT:The shows start at 9:45 pm each night. We only watched a few shows and they were ok. If you are going to watch one the Michael Jackson show was pretty good. The anamation staff is awesome. They constantly have activities going on thoughout the day if you want to take part. If you don't there is no pressure. This is a very active resort thorughout the day and early evening, lots going on at all times. Usually around 11:30 pm it calms down quite a bit! EXCURSIONS:We took 2 excursions: The Outback Safari which I would highly recommend! Its an all day tour but goes by very quickly and is very interesting and fun! It gives you good insight into the lives of the Dominican people outside of the resort! We brought school supplies, and toothpaste to give to the locals who were very appreciative! The children are adorable and in need of daily necesities! The second tour we took was the Marinarium. This was a snorkeling tour. Didn't see much while snorkeling over the reef, but did go into the caged area with the sharks. We saw huge sharks and were touching distance from them which was a bit scary, but fun. The boat was a lot of fun, with drinks and dancing! Overall the RIU Bambu was a good choice! The service was A+ and the Dominican people were so happy to have you visiting their country. There were a couple of disappointments about the resort: one there was no beach bar so if you wanted a drink or a snack you had to walk about a 100 yards back to the pool area, the bathrooms were also located in the pool area. There was no ATM, so bring cash. The most disappointing situation was the way the restaurant reservations were handeled. It was diappointing that we were never able to eat in the a la carte restaurants. Overall I would rate the hotel a 4 star! Would we stay there again? Probably, but would also like to try different resorts! Go with an open mind and enjoy your vacation!!! I can't wait to return to the warm sunny beaches of the Dominican Republic!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>riu bambu Trip Jan.13 to Jan. 20. 2006. The trip itself was very nice.The weather could not have been better.Here are a few tips.Do not take the shopping tours.Get your own cab and go out yourself.You will find much better places to shop.The shopping tour first doesn`t give enough time, and second they take you to a touristy mart.Be careful of the on the beach activities (snokeling,scuba,etc.) If they are cancelled due to bad weather or not enough people in your group. You will not get all your money back. Make sure never to leave anything of value in the rooms. It will be gone quick. They tell you tipping is not required ,but they tell you it constantly making you feel like you should.The food at Riu Bambu is not very good. The fruit is wonderful. O.K. here are some good things. The beach is awesome. Soft white sand,a beautiful breeze, and warm. It doesn`t get any better. The pools are very nice. Well kept. The lobby/hotel very well done. Staff is very nice, it does help to know alittle spanish. They will appreciate it. I also loved meeting people from all over the globe at the resort (germany,england,canada,poland, and spain) Over all it was a nice trip. I would go again and try a diffent resort and do my own excursions.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we expected Our family of 4 stayed from Jan 5-12. We met quite a few Canadian families during this week.Overall we had a great time. It was a relaxing vacation. Check-in was fast. They provided 2 extra single beds in addition to our 2 3/4 beds. The room was crowded but it worked better this way. The grounds were well maintained. The staff seemed to be always busy cleaning. Unfortunately some people were litterbugs so I did see straws floating around in the pool.Watch out for the steps leading down to the pool. There's metal on the edges. One rainy day I slipped and fell and ended up with a nasty bruise.There was plenty of entertainment provided if you wanted it. I did find the evening entertainment somewhat monotonous. The kids ran around and did their thing on stage followed by the adults. Shows didn't start until 9:45. The animation group were lively but again the same thing every night. Only stayed long enough to see 1 show, Michael Jackson, which was OK.Managed to get up early for 3 sunrises which were beautiful. Also if you get up early you can book at the a la carte restaurants and get lounge chairs.The big negative was that we all felt sick. My son got sick with a fever and we all felt off by the end of the week. Noticed a few sick people on the plane on the way back as well. We got bitten by mosquitos although we did take anti malarial pills. We were told that malaria is still present in this region.Would recommend to anyone. Very similar to Riu Tequila.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just back Just back from Riu Bambu January 15th:-$300 off for late Sunday departure from TO means NO main dining room supper before you leave; but you can still eat at the 24hour restaurant;- 12 o'clock checkout could not be extended later, but could use facilities (food, booze,etc) until 6pm pickup;- Beach was beautiful white sand, but water was not clear enough to go snorkelling, warm enough to swim;- 24 hour bar was great to have with excellent service, but could do with a bar closer to beach;- visited all 4 RIU hotels; but found the Bambu the liveliest and a great entertainment staff;- room was clean but small, especially for more than 2;- room was at end of resort away from main lobby, but not a long walk at all;- all age groups would enjoy; even Haige- nice boardwalk path along ocean, allowing for cool evening walks  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort for families I booked a week at the Riu Bambu (Jan 8-15), because it offered the cheapest all inclusive deal in Punta Cana at the time of booking (Dec 29) and the reviews here were overwhelmingly positive. I've noticed a slew of bad reviews posted in the past week. I have a feeling that the Christmas vacation week had the resort stretched to capacity, resulting in a lower standard of service than usual.We are a family of four, our kids are 5 and 7. I left feeling that we couldn't have done better at any price. The kids were in absolute heaven. They loved the miniclub led by Angela, the wonderful pools, the always available ice cream and popcorn machines and the freedom of being able to wander around without their parents obsessing over their safety.This is not the poshest resort, but it is comfortable and has a very friendly, family oriented atmosphere. The animation staff is extrememly energetic and humorous and there is always some kind of game or activity going on. Some people may prefer a quieter setting, but this is the place to go if you want a festive atmosphere.The staff was always very polite and friendly. We had to call reception to correct a couple of minor problems with our room, and in both cases we received a follow up call to make sure the problem had been corrected.Tipping is not required or expected, but if you give someone a gift, they will treat you like royalty for the rest of your stay! We gave out some clothes that we didn't need anymore, which was received with great enthusiasm. Some Tips:Pay for tours, massages, and other extras by credit card. Prices are in dollars, but for some reason, they convert to Dominican Pesos at a below market rate when they charge your credit card. I don't know why they rip themselves off like this. We bought a massage package for $270 and our credit card bill came to only $252 after conversion to pesos and back into dollars.If you want to snorkel, there is a nice reef at the back of the swimming area in front of the Riu Taino. It's only a 5 minute walk from the Bambu. If you swim along the rope at the back of the swimming area you'll cross right over the top of the reef.The only reason to eat at the ala carte restaurants is for the atmosphere and not having to serve yourself at the buffet. Being served is far more relaxing, but the food is better at the buffet.I recommend the Riu Bambu highly for families with small children or people who enjoy a party-like atmosphere. Couples looking for something quiet and romantic will be happier elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go to the Riu Bambu We came today from Bambu. It was bad. Who rate this resort as a 5 star. I would rate it as 3 star, not more. Problems were everywhere from the first day to the last. Room we got was already occupated, so late at night we open somebody's room, people were scared. After that we were waiting pretty long for the new room. Rooms are were small (it wasn't my biggest concern as we didn't spend much time in the room), and we had not more than 2 towels. Towels were the problem on the beach as well, after the rain they run out of the towels. One day we asked for the extra towels to the room, I thouth that we agreed on 4 towels by the evening, but I was surprised to see this evening 4 BEDS in a small room. This is how they listen to you. There is No bar at the beach, and nobody served the drinks at the beach (5 star???). So I asked for the bottled water - it is not available. Gentlemen in Riu uniform SELL the coconuts at the beach, 1st day -$1, 2nd day - $2 per nut. We didn't check the 3rd day. And special words for the dinning arangements: a la cart restorans are so bad, it is no words to explain. Buffet are closed by 8 pm ( for the first setting), and god forbid you to be late - we stayed without dinner this day. Snack 24 hr. is not true. Hod dogs and burgers are not a snack. My advice - check the other secorts, don't go to Riu. No service, no entertaiment, no food.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT A 5 STAR RIU BAMBU RESORT, PUNTA CANADECEMBER 27 - JANUARY 05, 2006We returned from a 1week stay at the supposedly rated 5 star resort. We were quite disapointed.The lobby and the reception area appeared cluttered and unkept. The not so spacious room had mattresses with no mattress cover, the bedsheets were rough to the touch and there was hair on them - the pillows were flat as a board and the pillow-cases were stained. There was rust in the bathtub and the showere curtains were stained - replacement towels were scarce (2 towels for 3 people staying in the room). Buffet was o.k. Linens, cuttlery and dinnerware were often stained and greasy.The New Years Eve dinner was ok - entertainment was terrible. There was only one average show during our 1 week stay, the rest of the evening were uneventful and quite boring. The beach area and the lounge chairs were never cleaned . The pool was too small for the number of guests - there were never enough loung chairs - the same thing applied at the beach. The beach towels provided to us were always stained and quite frankly I regretted not bringing my own personal ones. We met 3 other families on the bus to the Riu and by the end of the vacation we all felt this resort should be rated 3 stars!! We are avid travellers, having visited half the planet, and were quite disappointed with the value\price for this trip.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HBL54
<Content>who counts the stars at these places ??? Our first evening was a downer. At dinner we were seated in the overflow dining area which featured plastic chairs and the absolutely filthiest glassware we have ever seen. The meager pickings at the buffet did little to pick up our soured mood.After dinner and complaints to the management we sauntered to the Riu Palace for a comparison. Now here is a REAL 5 star. We asked about this - and we now know that the Palace is 5+ star, the Bambu and Tainu (only) 5 stars. Too bad the brochure doesn't tell you that. Too bad also when the brochure says you have 11 restaurants to choose from it doesn't say that these are only available for breakfast and lunch. And that to get in to an a la carte restaurant you have to be in line at 7:00 AM. First night was dismal as the room featured an unbearable stench, linen smelled mouldy, some sheets so badly pilled that they resembled very bad terry towels, and our 5 star resort had no one in housekeeping and no extra linens in the evenings. Call me in the morning. Anyway our moods picked up and we did have a good time all in all, although the cocktails are impossibly over-sugared and all alcohol is watered down - and not just a little - 4 fingers of rum will give you some flavour but you can not get a buzz no matter how many of them you drink.This resort is max. 4 stars, perhaps less when you factor in a very low level of staff interest in any sort of service. Which reminds me, the brochure also says all tips are included, but the helpful Sunquest agent will tell you to tip everyone if you want to get good service. We tried. Success varies - sometimes if you don't tip they will not take your drink order. Other times you tip in the dining room so you don't have to get your own drinks and they don't bring them anyway. And one more thing -if you want a drink on the beautiful beach, it's a 200 yard walk back to the hotel pool for the closest bar. We've been on the Bavaro beach strip 6 times, this was by far the worst run resort, set in a very beautiful facility. Too bad. Really.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Irochka111
<Content>Everything you need to know about Riu Bambu               More photos  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelmum
<Content>First time RIU visitors The RIU Bambu is a beautifully looking hotel. The lobby, the plaza and the main restaurant are georgous, as is the wide path going from the lobby to the beach. We found it nicer looking that the other RIUs in the group. The service was very good, most of the staff in the public areas, reception etc., speak English. The rooms were so-so, not 5* rooms at all. Not that I'm complaining, I quite realize a 5* in the Carribean is not like a 5* in N. America or Europe. The rooms were perfectly fine, kind of hard beds and thin pillows, but my only real complaint is that the walls are thin and you could hear a lot. We go to bed early, and were always woken up in the night when the late nighters came back. A notice outside each building saying something like.. please be quiet after 11pm or something would be nice.But the food was very good. We missed a lot of the special theme dinners as we ate in the smaller restaurants most nights; easy to book. I also liked that you rarely had to wait for anything - meals, drinks, always many comfortable beach chairs available. And yes, the beach is georgous. What we really enjoyed, is all the palm trees. Always shade if you want it, from the palm trees, and they cover the back of the beach, so you can walk along the beach and not see any buildings. A well run chain. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JLMCto
<Content>Riu Bambu did not Dissapoint We stayed at the Riu Bambu arriving Dec 31, to Jan 7. We have never done an all-inclusive holiday and had only stories from friends and family. The grounds of the resort was very nice. There are plenty of people working to keep the resort clean and presentable. Some of the staff even stop and offer you a fresh coconut.Beach - was first rate, lots of chairs, sun, shade, nice swimming area.Pool - was pretty good, not large but we enjoyed going to the swim up bar for a Mai Tai. Never had to wait long for a drink.Rooms - Normal size, clean as expected, except the beds are a little uncomfortable.Food - Food was average, we likened it to a little better than a cafeteria. Lots of selection so you could always find something to eat. Loved eating outside and the breakfasts were great. My son and I miss the freshly squeezed Mango juice.Kids program - Pretty weak had 3 and 5 year old and they did not enjoy the kids program.We would recommend the resort. However, do not be fooled by the rating a 5* in the dominican is probably 3.5 to 4 in U.S. or Canada.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Im picky but no complaints! I was disappointed when my Mexico holiday was cancelled and the Dominican was all I could get as i had heard so many horror stories, but I was pleasently surprised!FlightsWe had Thomsonfly flights which I was worried about so we paid for extra leg room seats and picked seats 17G and H which were fantastic there was loads of room. Not a patch on thomas cook flights tho.Airport.On arrival was a bit crazy. No one told us that you need 10 US dollars each to get into the country and 20 dollars each to get out we had to exchange with a couple we met on the plane - rather embarrasing! On the way back the airport was nice- loverly pizza shop and ice cream stand and a couple of little duty frees. If you go down to the departure gates 5-10 there is air con a little pool outside and other shops! We wished we'd discovered this earlier. HotelThe rooms were nice and kept very clean, a decent size and free safe.RestaurauntsI never ate at the a la cartes as i wasn't very interested in the menues, the buffet's had plenty of choice, something to suit everyone although it did get very repetitive. The first week we went to the 8:30 evening sitting, but discovered that the food was fresher at the 6:30 so went there the second week.EntertainmentThis is a CLUB Hotel. so there is constantly some game or other going on. We just wanted to relax and it was hard to find a quiet bit of beach without having to stray onto another hotels, and the entertainment staff can be very rude if you dont join in. On an evening the entertainment is also pretty poor, the team do the same dance routines every single night! you'll be doing them in your sleep! Were aged 21 and 26 and pretty sociable but even we were in bed by 9pm early nights and early mornings, the weather through the days was soo amazing. We joined in a dance competition one night after a few cocktasils! after that the entertainment team were all very polite and friendly!Nightclub 'Pacha'We went at 11:30pm and it was dead, we were the only ones there! AND you have to pay for your drinks.PricesEverything is crazily expensive, dont buy from the shops on caribbean street, guys will set up stalls in the reception and you can easily haggle them down to at least half price and they'll still be chuffed for the sale.StaffVery helpfull and friendly, ask reception for anything and they sor it for you straight away, extra blankets etcIMPORTANTThere are no cash machienes but in the staff quarters or in the local town that you'll have to get a taxi to. Also take american dollars rather than Dominican pesos as everyone prefers dollarsWould i go back? I would never say no, however i would prefer to experience other countries first. Happy holidays  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kicksychick
<Content>Relaxing Holiday We stayed at the Riu Bambu from Dec 29th to Jan 5th and had a very relaxing holiday. Beautiful beach, relaxing pool, delicious  interesting food and yummy cocktails. The Bambu had very good food with tons of choice and variety. Our best experiences were with unfamiliar food. The specialty food nights (Mexican and Caribbean night) were very well done and offered even more choices than usual. They didn't seem to replenish the desserts very well though. Be sure to try the Coffee Diablo! The beach is the best we've ever seen. Huge sandy area, lots of palm trees, plenty of chairs, and ocean waves that are safe enough for young swimmers but big enough to make it fun.The pool area is small but beautiful. We found it especially relaxing because they didn't have the loud pounding music and staff screaming on a mega-phone that are found at most Mexican resorts. The staff managed to organize water aerobics, water polo and other games without a lot of nerve racking noise. Service in the buffet room was limited at breakfast and lunch, but the dinner staff was friendly and accommodating. There's no bar service in the buffet room, just house wine and beer. The lunch restaurant and snack bar was a little disappointing, so we mostly ate lunch in the main dining room.The one negative is that the entertainment in the evening was just plain awful. We've stayed at two resorts in Mexico, so a comparison may be useful. In order of preference:1. Gran Bahia Principe Akumal2. Riu Bambu3. Riu Caribe- The rooms at all three resorts are similar in value. All the beds are hard!- Akumal has a very large pool area and a large sandy beach, but few palm trees. There's a seperate activity pool so the noise is isolated. Caribe has a small pool area with endless loud pounding music and a very small beach with no trees.  - Food at the Akumal and the Bambu is similar in quality and variety, but service and presentation at the Akumal is much better. Food at the Caribe is just OK and there is little or no service. - The specialty restaurants at all three resorts were either awful or just OK.  - People generally seemed more friendly and polite at the Akumal.  - Since the Caribe is in Cancun, there's lots of shopping, dining, and nightclub options away from the resort. Keep in mind that the latest hurricane in Oct. 2005 caused a lot of damage in Cancun.- Entertainment in the Akumal was very good, but the Caribe entertainment was almost sleazy and the Bambu entertainment was horrible.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>robm44
<Content>New Years week at Riu Bambu               More photos  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday We had a wonderful week in Riu Bambu. I don't understand that somebody would complain about food. We had a duck, turkey, fish, crab, caviar, salmon, shrimps, special pasta, pork chops, steaks....There was a lot's of variety. Regarding to a review from Jan. 1st I would like to know what these people are eating at home.! It really upsets me that some people are never happy. Everybody at the resort is working very hard and also very long hours. They have always big smile on their faces and try to make everybody happy. To me you must have stayed in different resort. We had 2 teenagers with us and they absolutely loved the place. Staff was friendly, we asked to be moved closer to the beach and next day we were able to move.Our room was always clean and decorated with different animals made out of towels. So please when you go for holiday be happy and enjoy your stay. Don't try to look for negatives because you are not only ruining your holiday but also giving people wrong idea about this place.Lucy  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iwanna
<Content>Oh My Gawd I loved this place! If you have been to the Riu Bambu before you will know why I chose this title! My husband and I, along with our three teen boys aged 19,16 15 stayed at the RIU Bambu Dec 8-23rd.We found the rooms always clean and never saw a bug in them! We went for a good time and certainly had it. It is not a party place, but the boys still found quiet abit to do at night and connected with some fellow Canadians! The language (spanish) was a barrier for them, they probably would have enjoyed their time in the DR alot more had they listened to their Mom and taken some spanish classes!The night time entertainment was ok, the staff work so very hard you just had to appreciate it!Food - all of us found the food excellent (we mostly ate at the buffet) and the wait staff fabulous. Bars - we also had no problem getting a good drink, we did learn (thanks to some regular Bambu travelers) that you need to ask for top shelf when ordering liquor, this ensures you get the good stuff!Beach - Oh wow, this was my favorite part of the whole vacation! It is really beautiful, I am so sad not to have it in MY backyard! We never had a problem finding a chair at the beach, or near the pool for that matter. I could go on and on about this place, but if you want a beautiful beach, good food and great service book at the Riu Bambu. The only way you will be disapointed is if you are an extremley fussy person!Relax and enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rrrcoo
<Content>do we have to leave? Where do I begin, this place is amazing. We traveled there during the Thanksgiving holiday which was 3 adults and two children. We arrived at the airport mid day and they greeted us warmly with the local music playing and the ladies were dressed in traditional dresses. It was A 20 minute bus ride to the hotel through the town which was a bumpy ride as the roads do need some improvement but it gave us a chance to see the local community and their lifestyle. The Hotel was a grand place where we were greeted with open arms and a fresh drink of our choice, the rooms and the staff was prepared and ready for us with no problems. We checked into our rooms and they were great, the rooms had a large bathroom with all the necessary items. You will need an adapter for the plugs are different which you can pick one up n the airport along the way. The rooms had a nice view of the area and the grounds were well maintained as they were constantly working to improve the landscaping. The beds are a bit firm but not uncomfortable at all. The maid service was detailed and they were always pleasant. There is a small bar in the room for drinks, snacks and alcohol, all free of charge and can be restocked at any time. It was just a short walk to the beach area and there was abundant space if you wanted to be alone or plenty of action if you choose to participate in the daily activities. The area around the pool was spacious and plenty of loungers in the area to choose. There was a swim up bar in place where and you could relax and have your drinks without ever leaving the water. They begin serving drinks at 0900 everyday and you are welcomed to drink your heart out if you so desire. The meals are grand, there are three different areas where you have your dinner and you make your reservations the morning of the meal. Each one had a big variety of choices, was well prepared and the staff was exceptionally nice. For breakfast and lunch you could just choose which one and when you wanted to go without any reservations. No one got sick during our trip, many reviews discuss this issue so I will as well, anytime you travel and you are new to an area if you drink a abundant amount of the local water, stomach virus are bound to happen, if the locals traveled to America they would probably encounter the same thing from our water as it is just different things in the water that our body gets used to. If you want to prevent this drink bottled water only and you will be just fine. The restaurants are very clean and sanitary and no one should have any problems with the way the meals are prepared. They were nice and had plenty of choices as well. Breakfast and lunch is casual dress code, swimsuits are fine as well as flip flops, however for dinner dress clothes are strongly urged, this is a great opportunity to mingle and get dressed up with all your new found friends. There is always something going on till the late night if you are into late nights and activities. There are plenty of things for the kids and the facility is surely kid-friendly as there is plenty to do with them. There are three other RIU complexes in the area and you are welcomed to share there facilities as well but the Bambu was the best overall in our opinion. There are shops in the area were you can find just about anything you need or want as well as the gift shops. Some key things to note for the trip are drink bottled water only, bring zip lock bags to prevent your valuables form getting wet while on the beach. This is a tropical island and you will have frequent short rain showers but they will quickly pass. The beach is topless at your discretion so be fore warned if this is a problem for you and there is no ATM machine nearby so bring plenty of cash and they can exchange it for local currency if you need. Most all places there will accept dollars if you choose to buy anything. The staff has some parrots and others to take pictures with if you like. Overall we had a blast and did not want to leave at all. I give it two thumbs up for sure, loved every minute of it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! We stayed in Riu Bambu from 18-26 December and had a great relaxing time.The beach is beautiful, amazing how far you can walk, especially if you go left! The sea water becomes clear as soon as you have passed the last hotel. It is as nice as on the postcards. We wanted to walk all the way to the end, but after 1.5 hrs walking we decided to turn and go back. After the last hotel, there were just 5 other people walking there. Incredible!Rooms were nice and clean. As we always turned off the a/c the humidity smell wasn't that wonderful, but after opening the doors it was perfect. First time that I've seen so many clothes hangers in the cupboard! The negatives: the bathroom is quite small and matrass is too hard.A big disappointment: 1 day I forgot to put my NEW watch in the safe and yes.... it was stolen. I probably won't get any money back from my insurance as I didn't go to the police.The staff is extremely friendly, even though they hardly get any tips.The buffet restaurant is good, the theme restaurants are terrible. I found it really weird that they serve the same meal every day.Mamajuana restaurant for lunch is excellent. I still miss the hamburger and fries....Entertainment: not so impressive. I thought the magic show was boring. I am not into the adult entertainment, I find that so childish and kind of vulgar.Bar: of all the pina coladas I had, I guess there were only 2 or 3 that had rum in it. Even if I asked to add the rum, they would forget it. In the end I started drinking Cuba Libre.The house wine was like vinegar. The bottled wine was a bit better.We did a bus tour to Santa Domingo. It took 4.5 hours to get there and we were not very impressed. We now know how the people live and what the island looks like, but it's not worth the trip.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I gave the all-inclusive concept a second try - never again Positives:- gorgeous beach with plenty of chairs and palms on beach for shade and sun at the same time- perfect weather 83F sunny and cloudless daily- free water sports (if you thought ahead to reserve two to three days in advance)- attractive pool area- no tipping necessary or expectedNegatives:- Really really bad food - We found nothing appetizing in the main dining areas and there was no variety each day. So, we tried the ala carte restaurants where reservations could only be made between 7am and 10am the day of (very annoying). This food was worse than the buffet food to the point where people were walking out in the midst of their meals. Specifically, the Steak House was horrible. My steak was medium rare and I have never chewed so hard on a piece of steak - it was like beef jerky. And, the restaurant was the regular Mama Juana dining pavilion with a section set aside for Steak House and Mediterrean. Also, I found several insects in my food.- bad drinks - the drinks were all sugar, no alcohol and not very diverse. What bar can't make a mudslide? Also the bars smelled a little like rotten fruit- unaccomodating staff (1) they ran out of pool towels at 10am and would not hand out more until 3:00 (2)we didnt get maid service on our second day and they would not call housekeeping to the room when we called the front desk - they told us to wait until the next day and would not give us fresh towels in the mean time (3) no change at the water sports booth - so when we gave $10 for the $3 daily insurance - they couldnt make the $7 change - so we had to walk around with hand written IOUs and hope they had change the next day - bugs in rooms - bed bugs, floor bugs, you name it bugs- awful bedding - pushy resort staff walking up and down beach constantly trying to sell extra activities- no ATM on resort  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good two weeks! We are a family of four - two young children aged under eight, we arrived on the eigth, good transfer - took about 40 minutes, smooth check-in. The room was good - away from the building of the new Riu Palace (not that we heard any noise from that anyway) but not too far away from the main buildings of the hotel. Mini bar is a nice extra and it's good to have your own safe. Room was very clean, (although expect to find a few creepie crawlies making their way across the room most days)and the air conditioning had to be turned off a few times as it was too cool. Food was very good - plenty of choice in the Colonial restaurant, and lunch in the Mamajuana was lovely (children appreciated the ice-cream machine) - although at the end of two weeks it can feel a little samey - the Mediterranean restaurant was ok; had two visits to the Steakhouse - on one visit the steak was wonderful, next visit it was bearly edible; the Caribe Grill(part of the neighbouring Palace hotel) was hysterical! - Thai lemon soup!!! - tasted more like a Knorr chicken stock cube! - however, the sounds of the waves crashing onto the beach almost made up for it.The entertainment team were really good - very friendly, full of enthusiasim, (the dance lessons on the beach at 11am were great) - the childrens mini-disco at 8pm was fun (perhaps not so interesting for couples on their own) - the adults entertainment could be a bit vulgar at times - the magic show was fantastic!! The BBQ on the beach was nice - good atmosphere with people dancing and drink flowing. Unfortunately, bad weather prevented the Thursday night entertainment in the Carribean street - we had two overcast days in two weeks and there was rain most mornings which soon cleared away into a fine day.The beach was beautiful - fine pale sand and turquoise water - not clear sea though, as it was windy and the sea was choppy - need to keep a good eye on children as the tide is strong.The Market was about 40 minutes walk away - stalls full of toot! pushy vendors - of course! - if you start walking away they will chase after you asking for your best price - we bought a picture for $18 which started off at $70.Bar service was, on the whole, good, and friendly - particularly at the pool bar - drinks seemed rather weak/too sweet - and if you want lemonade call it Seven up, otherwise you get a very sour still lemon drink.Met some very nice people - mostly from Canada, and, suprise!!....a lovely!!! friendly!!! German man named Klaus with a wonderful moustache!!Pools were rather on the small size and the children's daytime entertainment could have been a little better organized and regular.Just out of interest, we had a walk up the beach to the neighbouring Bahia Principe Hotel, as we had stayed at the one in the North and enjoyed it very much, but this one seemed so vast it felt lifeless - when we walked back to the Riu Bambu, it seemed so much cosier and friendly with much more going on.Overall, this was a really enjoyable holiday and we would be happy to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelinjeff
<Content>Just back from Riu ..here are some tips for you. Just back from Riu Bambu...a few hints if you plan on staying here...bring a travel alarm clock . Each time the maid comes in they turn the power off on the switch and you will constantly be resetting your alarm clock...Bring a few wash clothes...they don't provide them.Bring your Thermo mug if you sit on the beach...it comes in handy. The plastic cups from the bar are small and this will save you a few trips to the bar. Not to mention no sand in your cup.Bring lots of ones and five...we tipped a buck here and there ...you will see why...it is NOT required but it is appreciated. These people work hard!!Bring a deck of cards...we brought SKIPBO and played cards in the bar the day it rained. There isn't alot to do otherwise. We had a Rare weather day...it rained from a.m.- about 2:00 p.m. in December. But we sat and played cards, listened to Merenge music and sampled the different cocktails. We saw quite a few couples playing cards or scrabble in the evening. The night time entertainment (other than the shows) is nill. IF you have a larger battery pack on your hairdryer, razor etc...bring an adaptor as the plug ins are recessed so you won't be able to fit your plug in there....if you forget...ask at the front desk.Have a fun vacation! This was our third vacation in PC and our first at the Riu ...we were very pleased . The rooms are a bit dated but ..clean. Food ...plentiful. Beach...gorgeous.Employees...especially the front desk, very nice , friendly and helpful!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingsandi
<Content>Took a Group-30 Happy Clients Got a great deal on this hotel, as a result had many clients sign on-ages 4-74! Everyone liked it and enjoyed the stay, they want to return. This was a mixed bag of clients, not all friends, but they all enjoyed the resort. The beach is one of the best I have ever been on, and I have been to a lot of beaches. It was so good, my 50 somethings spent most of the time on the beach or in the sea...many are usually pool people, but they did not need a pool.Staff was great, put the entire group in one building, and changed those who desired to move. At first they were disappointed that the room was near the back of the resort-but that proved not to be much of a problem, it is not that big. Compared to the Melia Caribe Tropical, we had to walk farther there to catch a shuttle train, than at the Bambu from lobby to our room. Not a big deal and a great way to walk off the calories! Found the rooms to be clean-a bit small, but we never are in the room. The bathroom door is in the wrong place, opening to the commode, but for a week who cares. Maid service was early -which is nice, since that is not always the case.The buffet was great, lots of choices. They were excellent about accomodating our large group..some from late seating wanted to move to early, no problem, just added another table..always with a smile. Dined at the Medeterranean and found the food very good. Did not do the other ala cartes-but the ones who did, said they were good. The pool could be larger, for the size of the resort, but heck with a beach like they have, they could still be great if there was no pool!Toured all the properties while I was there, all are nice, the palace is beautiful...but I think I will always recommend the Bambu, it is the best one in the complex and the most fun. Go you will love it...I have a ton of experience at all inclusive resorts all over the Caribbean and Mexico...this is a great one.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What makes the Riu so great?       Map of the resort  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Best Time ever The Riu Babmbu was one of the best vacation I have ever been on. The staffs very friendly and entertaining. They will literally bend in half for you to make sure you are having a pleasant time. The rooms are really cozy and you get to really appreciate them with the air conditioning. It rained every day we were there but only for 5 minutes maximum every day, so we could still enjoy our day very much. The resort has one of the most beautiful beach, I've ever seen. There is also 2 pools one for the adults, with the swim up bar and one for the kids. There was also entertainement every night so you are never left to do nothing, unless you prefer to lay on the beach all day, which is always a bonus when you get up with a headache, especially with the all inclusive alcohol  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pasnles
<Content>Loved the Riu - some advice too We stayed at the Riu Bambu from Nov 24 to Dec 8, it was our second trip to the Dominican Republic.The hotel was fantastic, nicely set out with well-kept gardens. The service was brilliant, with a phonecall everyday to check if everything was OK with the room and if we needed anything a quick call to reception and 10 minutes later it was sorted.There were two negative points. The pool is too small for the size of hotel and it is difficult to find a sunny spot because of all the palm trees. When the hotel is busy you can't get a sunbed by the pool but to be honest the beach is beautiful so we spent most of the holiday there.The second negative was the food. Although you will always find something good to eat the menu is very repetitive and by the second week we were well and truely bored with it! The Mamajuana restaurant in the evening is good though the 2 menus are always the same and you do have to book quite early in the morning.The Carnival on Caribbean Street is a must do as is the Michael Jackson show - but make sure you get there early to get a seat! If you like a gamble go to the Casino at the Riu Palace, it's a laugh and there's not too much else to do in the evening.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYC_yuppie
<Content>Riu bambu vacation tips Before i left for this vacation i had greatly based my hotel choice on the various reviews of hotels found on this website so i wanted to return the favor and help others.Overall the experience was very good an I would return to Riu Bambu. I will do the review based on the various parts composing the vacation experience:Beach 鈥?the main reason for going the in Caribbean during winter (NYC winter) is to seat on a gorgeous beach getting a nice sun tan instead of freazing on the windy streets of the city. The Riu Bambu beach is GREAT. The sand is beautiful, the ocean was warm, no sea weeds, no rocks whatsoever when going swimming. What makes the Riu Bambu beach excellent is the fact that they planted palm trees almost to the brim of the water. Where in other places you expsed to the sun all day long and have to go under an umbrella for a little shade at Bambu the small palm trees are great! They also make the scenery look great. I found the Riu hotels beaches in Punta Cana to be great. Food (all inclusive): I was actually a little skeptical about the food when reading other reviews but to my surprise the food was also GREAT. Great variation, very good taste, freshly prepared. I actually did not care much about the food when getting this trip because I am more of a sporty guy so just wanted to get into the ocean, do some water sports etc鈥o my surprise though I found myself really enjoying the meals at Riu. I never had any food problems, nor did my girlfriend in terms of old food, or getting sick or anything of that sort.Hotel room 鈥?the Riu Bambu is not the typical hotel but is actually composed on individual bungalows made of around 8 apartments which are slated on 2 levels. It might seem weird when reading this but this type of structure actually makes one feel more homey since there are not ten thousand people waking around floor nor does one have to wait for elevators or anything like that. We first got a room on the 1st floor but we felt we did not have enough sun there so we asked to be moved on the 2nd floor which was no problem. Room is nice 鈥?your standard 4 star hotel room. The nice perk though is that they have a minibar with soft drinks  beer which they refill every 2 days and also 4 bottles of liquor (rum, gin, vodka  smnth else) which is part of the all inclusive.Bars 鈥?they have 2 bars at the Riu Bambu and the swimming pool bar. To be honest I did not spend any time at the swimming pool bar  the other 2 ones get animated in the evening. Punta Cana though is not a party place, most of the people around being in the 40s. There is not much to do in the evening in terms of clubs or happening bars. People just chill at their hotel bars, so I would definitely not recommend Punta Cana for singles.Night life 鈥?not a party place Punta Cana. No singles at all from what I saw, not really happening bars  clubs. It鈥檚 mostly for chilling out enjoying the beach and for older ppl they go crazy over food.Miscelaneous 鈥?most of the tourists there are European so get used to that. I had read before about somebody having a bad experience with Germans. To my dismay it is true. Me  my girlfriend had the same experience. German tourists are extremely rude and they don鈥檛 speak anything but their ---- language ( I speak Italian, French  some Spanish, so plenty to choose from). Anyways let me exemplify: the first night we got there we arrived around 5 pm. We went to change in our room , checked out the beach and went for the dinner since we were starving. What we were not properly explained is that for dinner one has to check with the manager of the dinning hall to get assigned a table (you get assigned a table for dinner which is fixed for the whole duration of the stay). Anyways we went in the dinning hall and just found a table which was empty. We were half way through our dinner after a long traveling day when this 40 yr old german lady comes over and starts talking really lound in german. I asked her in English what the problem was 鈥?nothing. I asked if she spoke any other language 鈥?nothing. Then she literary starts yelling like somebody was killing her and pointing at us and looking at the manager. The guy came over and tryied to appease her while also explaining to us that we had to move since the table where we were sitting had previously been assigned to the german lady. I was shocked since I had never seen such a gratuitous fury given such a small thing.I hope this sheds some light on Riu Bambu  enjoy your vacations!!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tinnochka
<Content>Great time at Riu Bambu! My husband and I just returned from Riu Bambu. This was our second time in the Dominican Republic. The first time we stayed in Iberostar Punta Cana. Riu Bambu is not as glamorous (for the lack of a better word) as Iberostar, however it's very cozy, clean and just as friendly. The food was superb and the service excellent. I liked the beach much better at Riu. We are already considering our return there. Would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most memorable               
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mobaer
<Content>Riu was Great We stayed at the Riu Bambu from November 12th to the 19th. There were six of us in our group. We chose the Dominican Republic after our trip to Mexico got blown away by Wilma. We booked through Apple who were very accomodating. We flew via USA3000 which was a direct flight which was great. We got to the airport and cleared customs and met our Apple rep and we on a van in no time. We were the first of three stops which was great. The ride is very bumpy and takes about 30 minutes. We got to the Bambu about 11:00 and went to a desk that was set up and checked in. We were told our room number but couldn't check in until 3:00. We did change in the changing room by the lobby and hit the pool right away. Our apple rep told us to come back up around 2:00 and see if we could check in and we were able to. Rooms were very nice and very clean. We were in building 2 which is one of the closest to the beach. There is a long walkway to the beach from the rooms and since the buildings are only two stories there isn't much of an ocean view from your rooms but the views are beautiful anyway. You have a safe in your room and a mini fridge stocked with beer, club soda and regular pepsi, diet pepsi and 7 up. There are liquor dispensors but no ice. We were a little confused with the lights in the room until we figured out that there is a main switch for all the electricty for the room by the door. The housekeeping turns it off each day after they clean. We would just remember if we went to the room in the middle of the day to turn it back on. This does turn off the mini fridge. The voltage is 110 not 120 so bring an adapter for curling irons or anything else. We did have a hair dryer though. The main desk does give you adapters for a deposit if you need one. There is no iron and its a $20 deposit if you want to borrow one for two hours. We brought our own travel iron but never used it. There is a gallon of water not individual bottles. We had a few we brought so we would just refill them from the gallon of water. Pool, There are two pools. The smaller one is more quiet and the larger has the huge swim up bar. We mainly stayed by this pool. You get a towel card when you check in but we were able to get towels when we first got there when we told the towel guy we didn't check in yet. We did keep a towel each evening so we could reserve our seats by the main pool early each morning. Unfortunately you will not get a chair if you don't. We have traveled quite a bit and this seems to be the same at all resorts. We did hand in the old towel for a new clean one but they do run out of towels around 2:00 each day. Some folks did bring small rafts to float on even though it said were weren't allowed. Beach - The beach is very beautiful. Its large and full of Palm trees if you want shade. There are tons of chairs and Saturday when we arrived was the only day we couldn't get a chair. Every other day was no problem. The water is a little rough and has seaweed but we swam in it anyway since it was so warm. If you walk down the beach about a mile there is a flea market that you can buy t-shirts, pictures and souvenirs. Bars - There are three bars. Our favorite was the swim up bar. It is very large and easy to get a drink. We read a previous review and brought 16 ounce insulated cups and they were great. Everyone kept asking where we got them. They keep your drinks colder longer. The cups they use are about 10 ounces. We also brought a lot of one dollar bills for tipping. After giving a few of these to the bartender they couldn't do enough for you and were very appreciative of the gesture. The drinks were fine and they would make you anything you wanted. The one big drawback I had was the beer. I am primarily a beer drinker and do not like their beer. The first two days they had El Presidente than they switched to another for two days and that beer was REAL bad. They did switch back to El President but it still wasn't that great. I do understand this is the same at many inclusives in the carribean and it wasn't a suprise for me. I heard that if you go past the iberostar which is next to the Riu Nambi there is a restaurant called the Parrot Club in which you can get any beer you want for a price. The Bambu main bar is above the pool and is open from 10:00 a.m to 7:00 a.m and only closed for three hours a day. The tile around the main pool and in the lobby is very slippery when it gets wet so be very careful. The other bar is by the stage and its open around 8:00 each evening. The bartenders are all very happy and eager to please. Food - The main buffet restaurant where we ate the most is by the front lobby. This is where you will get breakfast and sign up for the speciality restaurants for dinner. Lunch is at Mama Juana by the smaller pool each day starting at noon and the main buffet starting at 1:00. We did sign up for the Caribe and the Mediterrian restaurant. The Caribe was great and we ate there twice. This is by the beach and very cool. We hear the steakhouse wasn't that great so we didn't eat there. The Mediterrian and the Steakshouse are at the Mama Juana each evening. We ate at the main buffet the other evenings and had lots of choices. If you can't find something to eat you are very picky. I know they say the men should wear long pants at dinner but we did the first meal at the mediterrian and it was very hot. The rest of the meals they wore nice dress shorts and collared shirts with shoes and no one said anything. We did not do any excursions but I did hear from others that the booze cruise is very fun. We did get a cab to the Barvaro market for 14 dollars one way for all six of us. They do offer a shopping trip at the resort for 20 dollars per person but we liked being able to grab at cab when we wanted to come back. They do have a carnival down Carribean street on Thursday evenings starting at 7:00. They had drinks and street music and some vendors. We never made it to the disco since they do not open until after 10:00 p.m. and we were tired form eating and drinking and being in the sun all day. All in all it was a great trip and I would recommend the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>debiee
<Content>Beautiful Beach!       Carribean Street on Thursday Night  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ritari
<Content>Superb holiday. Couple of additional useful points.       Bambu beach volleyball  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gncgray
<Content>Great Holiday My husband and I stayed at the Riu Bambu from 31st October for 2 weeks. We are both 35 and quite well travelled.The other reviews that have been submitted pretty much cover our points so we will try to keep it brief.Travel - We travelled with Thomson. Flight and transfers were really good and we found the Thomson reps to be informative and friendly. Transfer took about 45 mins from airport and the check in at the hotel was quick and well organised. So much so that we were in our room with 10 minutes. Transfer back to airport and return flight also on time and no problems.Rooms - Cleaned immaculatley every day. Fresh towels and bedding on a dialy basis. We requested extra pillows and they were brought to our room within 10 minutes. Air-con worked well and rooms also had a cieling fan. Clean bathrooms and a good selection of toiletries. Mini Bar in room was well stocked and replenished every 2 daysFood - We had read alot of mixed reports on the food so didnt quite know what to expect. We didnt eat alot but this was partly because it was so hot. The main buffet restaurnat was great, lots of choice at breakfast, lunch and dinner. There are theme nights every week such as carribean and mexican and the staff really work hard to make sure everyone has a great night. There are also 3 A La Carte restaurants. The menus were limited but the food and service was first class. The only complaint we would have was that the main restaurnat was very hot at all times and is in desperate need of air-con.Pool - Pools were clean and always well maintained. Larger pool with swim up bar at times did get noisy but if pool games arent your thing then there is a quieter smaller pool.Beach - This really was the highlight of the whole holiday. The beach was stunning. Powdery white sand and clear blue sea. Lots of sunbeds avaliable all day and natural shade if you need it. The beach was really clean and well maintained. Pool and beach towels are avaliable.Entertainment - Lots going on throughout the day from volleyball to darts! But no pressure to get involved if you just want to enjoy a Pina Colanda by the pool. Evening entertainment did seem to revolve around kids such as kids disco and talent competitions. If you dont have kids though there are plently of places to just enjoy a quiet drink.Overall - We had a great holiday and would recommend the Riu Bambu to anyone looking for a relaxing and informal holiday. The weather was fantastic the whole 2 weeks. We did have rain most days but this seemed to be on a evening or late afternoon and wasnt a problem as only lasted 20 minutes. We did find it very humid on an evening but daytimes were really pleasant.Just a few tips:Make sure you take all medication etc with you. We were not ill but did hear of people spending 拢7 on a tube of Savlon in the hotel shop!Swimming with the sharks was a great day out. About 拢40 each and worth every penny.VIP lounge can be booked for 拢13 per person for your wait at Punta Cana airport on return flight. Its great vlaue as all drinks and snacks are included as well as internet terminals and comfortable seating and air con.Sorry, not so brief afterall!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic My family and i have just returned from the Riu Bambu and what can i say we will be back next year.Everything was fantastic from the flight to the hotel accomodation and the very friendly staff at the hotel.The Thomson reps after reading the recent reports i had to write and say they were also first class as well, completely went out of their way when my daughter was admitted to hospital kept in daily contact and visited my daughter in the clinic. As for poeople quoting they are Rude far from it.They were on hand morning and night we did not see any other tour operator work their hours.We booked a couple of excursions with Thomson and to tell you the truth we would have rather paid their prices than go with another another tour operator because at least if anything had happened we could see the our reps.Just be warned quad bikes while we were their a woman was hospitalised and in a very serious condition after coming off the quad bike so always check your insurance details before you go for something like this it sure put us off.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimr
<Content>Fantastic I have just returned from the Riu Bambu and I want to go back the place is absolutely amazing its just pure paradise. Below is some info about the place and tripsAccommodationThe rooms are really nice, they are cleaned every day to a very high standard, and all the rooms have air conditioning and a balcony/terrace. The grounds are looked after really well and are very pretty.FoodThe food was delicious (I think I have put a couple of pounds on). There are 3 ala cart restaurant the Steak house, Caribe Grill and Mediterranean they are all gorgeous, these do need to be booked on the day you would like to go between 7.00 and 10.00 in the main restaurant (if you are in a big group make sure that you book at 7.00).PoolThe pool is lovely it is kept very clean and tidy and you don鈥檛 need to fight for the sun beds in the morning. Towels are available from 8 from the hut and the men who work in there are so funny and very helpful if you loose your towel card, they tell you when you arrive that you will need to pay if you loose your towel but don鈥檛 worry as they do not really take cards from you when you as for towels. There is a pool bar in one of the pools and it great just sitting in the red-hot sun having a cocktail (my favourite cocktail was Dr Funk). BeachWell what can i say about the beach other than its out of this world, it is just like you see it on post cards the sand golden and the sea is so clear. The beach is clean and there is never a shortage of sun beds. The beach is so close you can see it from reception.Day Activities The activities are so much fun they involve everyone they range from Volleyball to Riu Bambu Olympics. The entertainment team are wicked they all are really friendly and are always happy even when they work from 9.00 till well past midnight and you could always see them in the club after that. All they say is 'OH MY GOD I LOVE MY JOB!!!鈥?br/>Evening Activities This was the only thing I was a disappointment, it was ok but not great but we still enjoyed it.StaffThey were so helpful, the gardeners would bring fresh coconuts to you round the pool, the cleaners would leave you with your little swans (towels shaped like swans), the bar staff providing you will beer 24 hours a day, the reception staff calling your room most days to making sure everything is ok. They work so many hours and always have a smile on their face.TripsI would personally book any through Thompson鈥檚 as they are so expensive, we was lucky we had an American couple in our party and we booked all of our trips through them as they got the same trip much cheaper (Which really annoyed people).Trips I Would RecommendSwimming with Dolphins at Dolphin Island - We booked our swimming with dolphins through the people who sell them on the beach it cost $85 and was well worth it.Swimming with Sharks 鈥?we booked this through the American Agency and I think it was between $60  $70 . This was great but very scary the sharks are massive but are harmless. On this trip you also go snorkelling around the reefs.Quad Biking 鈥?We booked this thought the men on the beach and this was the best trip I have ever done it was $110 for two people on one Quad. You don鈥檛 just do Quad Biking you go Horse riding and Snorkelling as well.Thompson RepsWell all I can say about the Thompson鈥檚 reps is that they were very rude and not very helpful.Useful Tips路Make sure you have $10 each to enter the county 路Make sure you save $20 each to leave the country路Make sure you take malaria tablets路Make sure you take mozzi repellent 路Make sure you take plenty of high factor sun creamI hope you have a great time and would reccomend, don鈥檛 worry about the building that is going on next-door you hardly hear or see it. There is no sign of any illness which everyone is talking about in previous reviews.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westmids_7
<Content>had a lovely holiday I was very worried about going to this hotel after reading the reviews this was our third trip to the Dominican . I had read all the reviews about people being ill , dirty rooms, rude staff ect. No idea what hotel they went to .Staff were very freindly and helpfull.Service at the reception, bars and reasturants was friendly, quick and efficent no complaints.Bar staff were more entertaining than animation team, also did not expect to be tipped service was the same if you tippped or didn,t tip at the end of your stay.Room was very good clean, bright every thing you could want .Cleaned every day and cleaned well.Food was fine a little bland but this is not unusal as hotels seem to think we do not like spicey food. Food does get a little samey but always does on holiday.NO SICKNESS!!!Weather was not the best still got a tan though. beach was fantastic.hotel entertainment the same as usual would like more adult entertainment somthing differant only negative.Entertainment team did try espcially when it was raining, bit haven holiday camp for me.Would i got back to this hotel YES  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LoVeD RiU bAmBu!!!! I stayed at Riu Bambu in September 2005 with my sister and we absolutelly loved. I had read some of the reviews before choosing Riu Bambu and even though most of them said that the resort was recommended for couples we still decided to go with this resort because of the high rates. When we got there we were surrounded by couples everywhere but it didn't bother us because we made friends with some of them including a lot of the staff who were just awesome. We hung out with some of them after they were done work. They we about our ages early twenties and a lot of fun especially the 'animation' people, they are hilarious and i was able to communicate well with them since a lot of them spoke very good english.Our tour guide, kelly was very friendly and gave us a lot of information about the resort and the activities they has and also about the excursions. We also asked Kelly to recommend a place where we could buy cigars and she arranged everything for us. She had a cab to pick us up n take us to a cigar place called Vivaldi where they show us how cigars are made and you can even try to make one yourself or just smoke one. The cigars there were sold individually or in boxes and they are a little expensive but of good quality. The excursions were sooo much fun(some were a little expensive but sooo worth it) and because in September it wasn't high season, we were able to get more attention from the staff and talked to all of them. We went to Siona Island( so beautiful), we went snorkelling and saw a lot of star fish and we also went swimming with fish and sharks. All a lot of fun! The Bartenders at Riu Bambu are great. They work very hard and provide very fast service. I didn't have to wait to be served. They were always asking how u are doing and if you are having a good time. Luis was my favourite bartender! He was very sweet and always made me special drinks.The food was very good. My siter and I were afraid that the food would be very bad like some of the reviews said so we made sure to bring a lot of snacks with us and we ended up bringing some back and leaving some for the maids. We ate most of our meals in the main buffet and both my sister and I thought the meals were good but they can be a bit heavy if you have a delicate stomach. The resort and the rooms were kept very clean. We noticed that the staff was constantly cleaning and worked long hours. The beach is awesome!!! The water was clean, white sand and we were not bother by vendors at all and there were plenty of chairs available. One recommendation is to bring extra sun block and after sun lotin because it's expensive there and you will need to keep re-applying.Recommend: -you going to the shows they have at the resort. It's a good way to meet people, drink and relax. And the shows by the 'animation' people are really coollll and most of the time really funny. - bringing extra cash- U.S. and Cnd are both accepted there. You don't need to tip a lot but the staff was so awesome that we did a lot of times. You will need the extra cash if you want to shop for souvenirs, go on the excursions and to the markets. Some of the places where we shopped add 13% fee for using credit cards so it's really better for you carry some extra cash.- if you have a delicate stomach or get sick easily bring medication with you. One thing i didn't need was bug spray, no mosquitoes :) - go to the clubs. its a great way to hang out with the staff and meet new people. We had a lot of fun there and they played good music not just spanish songs. We really enjoyed and hang out with different people from different places.Overall, everything was great! we had a great time and loved Riu Bambu and the staff. We definitely want to go back!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>markliptrot
<Content>almost perfect.... First of all i want to put a few myths to bed. Yes there is a new hotel being built next to the bambu, u see it on the way to the hotel by coach, but to be honest i completely forgot about it during our stay, u cannot see it unless you look for it because of the trees and you don鈥檛 hear it during the day. One piece of advice though, you can see it by the wedding area so don鈥檛 get married here because it鈥檚 quite unsightly!Secondly the food, absolutely first class! i have no idea what some people are complaining about. The evening meals are served in the colonial restaurant, on your first day you must choose the 630 or 830 sitting and you then stick with it, but we did change half through our holiday and they didn鈥檛 mind at all. We thought the choice was exceptional, with a wide variety every day. Then every third or fourth day, they will do a specialised day whether it be Caribbean, Mexican or other. Then there is the special restaurants to book into. We had heard stories of people queuing at 630 in the morning to book these but we found we could still find space by booking as late as 830 proving you are prepared to be flexible with eating times. There is the steakhouse and Mediterranean held in the mama Juana restaurant. And the Caribbean restaurant held a little further away (2 mins walk) built on stilts overlooking the beach. You can expect a five course meal, with excellent service and the usual smiles and greetings. With all this not too mention the beach barbeques and paella parties I cannot understand how people come to complain about this. In addition the breakfasts are served in the colonial restaurant, full English if you want, fruit, continental, pancakes and doughnuts?? (don鈥檛 ask it must have been for the Americans!), lunch is also served in the same restaurant, but we usually went the mama Juana restaurant where cold food is served all day and hot food 12-6 and 10-well past bedtime. Oh and there is popcorn and peanuts served in the bar all day! To add to what a previous person has said, yes there was a funny smell in the corner of the mama Juana restaurant, smelled like off beer, but you can only smell this in the corner. And there id no air con the main restaurant, we didn鈥檛 mind but we only spent 20 mins in there to eatDrinkingFirst thing to mention.. The minibar! You will get vodka, brandy, rum and gin on the optics, Pepsi, 7up, water and cold beer in the fridge, re-stocked every two days and if you run out (we did several times) just call reception and you get it!Secondly there is the main plaza bar, everything you would expect, lots of exotic cocktails etc, the only complaint here was that the beer could have been colder. The pool bar is two bars in one, one that is a swim up bar and gets the sun throughout most of the afternoon and the second is the arena bar around the back. There is also a bar by the stage, in the colonial restaurant and even in the self service mama Juana area!!!The nightclub (5-10 mins walk) Club pacha opens 11-4, is terrible, they play mostly Spanish and its not all-inclusive, plus lots of the staff go there, we are 25 yrs of age and still could not enjoy it. You鈥檙e better off staying at bar plaza, you may be told (like we were) that it closes at midnight, not true its opens till 7am (apparently) although after midnight it looks as though its going to close with only one staff member remaining (don鈥檛 be fooled!)MoneyDo not take any Dominican pesos! It鈥檚 a waste of time. In two weeks we did not find anywhere that did not take US$, all the prices are given in $ and if you take US$ travellers cheques they give you pesos which is very annoying. Don鈥檛 forget you need $10 for your visas and 20$ to leave the country.EntertainmentDay 鈥?what can I say, volleyball, horseshoes, football, water polo pineapple throwing iron man competitions, gladiator style crazy games, and canoes, windsurfing pedalos, body boards snorkelling gear and catamaran all free!!!Evening 鈥?a bit of a let down for us, but maybe not for you, every night kids entertainment (kids looked happy enough) followed by in the main dancing (we got really bored of this) although some nights they had a comedy show, movie show etc which were amusing and hilariousSpecial toursThe trip to Santa Domingo (the capital) and ancient city of the new word (1492 and all that) was not available through Thomson, they have cancelled this because the cathedral is having renovations and is closed (what a shame and shame on you Thomson!)Monster truck safariAwesome (about 拢60) there are not real monster trucks they are old army trucks converted. You will spend the day in the countyside visiting various schools that the monster tuck project sponsor, you can take them presents (they really needed towels and hats) the thomsomn reps told us we 鈥渃an take some pens if we want too鈥?so we did and felt veruy guilty hwn al the other guests took much more, any old baby clothes would come in really handy, there people aren鈥檛 starving, they just don鈥檛 have many luxuriesWe didn鈥檛 go on any other trips but friends who went on the others all enjoyed and found it was money well worth spending!The weatherWhy did we go to the Caribbean in October, we were so luck with the weather, we had wall to wall sunshine most days, thankfully Wilma didn鈥檛 come close and seemed to take the cloud away. However it did rain more than usual especially for the first week and people we spoke to who were leaving a s we got there said it had rained for the last 10 days. My advice go Dec-June out of the rainy and hurricane season.The staffThomson reps - disinterested and rude.. quite simply (but if your not English you wont have to worry about this!) e.g. what do u think the weather is going to be like tomorrow ..answer, I don鈥檛 like sunbathing! (yeah like we care what you do and do not like we are on holiday! Winge over! But there were many other examples, good point the staff at the hotel are perfect you get treated like royalty , big mention to Angela, Hoselo, chocolate, Richard, Jonny bravo and Luis, cheers guys!Hotel and beachThere are 5 riu hotels in the complex, you can eat and drink in any except the palace which is more elegant hotel where the old people stay so we dint mind! Out of the other 4 the bambu is the most recemntly built and the biggest with the most going on, so if u stay here u have chosen well!The beach is a picture postcard, just think of your prefect beach right now with the palm trees and sun, and u have got itOverall I definitely would recommend it I鈥檝e been to loads of hotels in Spain but this is just the best, have a good holiday P.S. we were not ill even one day, if you go there and eats lots of things you are not used to eating, what do you expect!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelagentm
<Content>Fabulous time at the Riu Bambu My husband and I just returned from the RIU Bambu October 16, 2005. We had a fabulous time. I am a travel agent which enables me to put things in better perspective.When traveling Sept-Nov you can never be sure of the weather. We got pretty lucky arriving after Huricane Rita and leaving before Huricana Wilma. It was cloudy and rainy the first two days. Partly cloudy the last 3 days. We still got sun burnt. Usually always sunny in the morning to hit the beach early. The beach was fantastic. The nicest beach I've ever been on in all my travels. None of the surrounding hotels had a beach as nice as the Bambu. RIU hotels typically draw alot of Europeans, Americans are the minority, I didn't find anyone to be rude. There is a lot of topplessness going on. I enjoy going topless so it didn't bother me. It certainly didn't bother my husband.We e-mailed the hotel prior and requested a room near the beach. Our request was granted. FYI-there really arn't any ocean view rooms in the hotel for it is only a two story building. The room was of good size and exceptionally clean, a tad out dated. Love the in room liquor despenser. FYI-bring a small thermal jug and make cocktails or have the bar fill it up to take to the beach. We tipped our maid $3 a day and left coloring books and crayons for her children every day. Our room was spotless and they went out of their way to make sure you always had bottled water and a filled bar everyday. One day the maid left extra towels wrapped like a duck with fresh flowers. We also tipped the bar staff quite often. Once we found a bartender we really liked we were sure to tip him/her. We also gave the bar staff coloring books and crayons. My husband is a firefighter and we gave plastic fire helmets for the children. This jesture was greatly appreciated. The food was good, comparable to most caribbean destinations, if you can't find something to eat there is something wrong with you. The speciality restrants were fantastic we tipped our waiter $5 small price to pay for a 5 course meal. Even though you don't have to tip, these employees make about $20 a day to cater to us all day, they should be appreciated. Yes, parts of the hotel has a musty smell. It's the caribbean, always hot and humid, get use to it. The dominican people speak spanish, however the front desk and bartenders know enough english to get by fine. The maids will not know any english. I suggest brushing up on some basic spanish, ie.water, thank you, bathroom etc.. Over all I have no complaints, loved just vegging on the beach or at the pool swim up bar. If your active people Punta Cana is not for you. With the exception of some day excursions there is not much to do. If you just want to relax in the sun and sip cocktails and enjoy good food I suggest the RIU Bambu.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!!!!... Well, like the title said, it was very, very excellent... i mean it... and i recomend it for every person who want to get nice vacations.It was very good, good food, good animation, good service and et莽...There was some problems, but nothing special, its normal to have small problems...I went there with two friends ( boyfriends ), but i have loved anyway...You may go alone or with some friends, you will enjoy too...Specialy i have loved the discotec  Pacha , with very goos songs and a lot of beutifull girls.I also loved the trips to Sahona island, Santo Domingo and swimm with sharks.if you love sea food, go to Captain Cook, where you will eat a lot of good sea food...I just came back rigth now from Puntacana, and i want to back there again.Well that is all what i have to say to you...Paulo Ribeiro Portugalqueijola@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunandbeachSt.Louis
<Content>Awesome Vacation!       view from beach to lobby  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ohiorob
<Content>Great Value and Great Times! My wife  I went to the Riu Bambu for our honeymoon, and we couldn't have been more pleased. Most of the people who complain about this place, must complain about everything. There isn't a place in the world where every traveler will be happy. Our food was very good, we did have to get in line at about 6:30 am to get a seat at the Caribe grill, but we were perfectly happy with the buffet dinners served nightly and the different theme nights, like Mexican night...the servers were usually very quick to refill your water and clean your plates when you were done, in particular we loved Issa. She was so friendly. The rooms are very nice, we had a plumbing problem when previous guests apparently flushed coral down the toilet, but it wasn't the hotel's fault, and they fixed it promptly. The room itself was plenty cool enough for us, even in the hottest time of the year. And the mini bar and fridge were always stocked. The beer was very good!We loved playing Bingo every day and won several prizes, the chances are good you'll win something if you play once a day. The Crazy Games at the pool were just that - CRAZY. We saw and competed in everything from pineapple toss, to barrel riding above the water, to beer chugging contests. A very fun atmosphere around the pool, and the Anamacion team was outstanding, as many others have said. They are very talented and always high-energy and friendly.We went on the Saona Island tour, the bus ride there was long and you got to see more of the countryside/towns, where it made us appreciate what we have in America. The actual island was nice, with lots of snorkeling opportunities if you bring your own gear. Definitely worth the money we thought. The staff was so friendly, we are seriously considering going back to this same resort next year with our children, hoping many of them will still be working there. By the way, if you like lizards, you'll love this place - there were cute little lizards scooting out of the walkways as you walked by. Email us at rob495713@excite.com if you have questions about the resort!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another great Riu hotel On booking to go to another Riu hotel I was excited and slightly anxious. I was hoping it was as good as the Riu Bachata (north of the island, puerta plata) because we were going in a group of 10 and had recommended the Riu hotels to the rest of our group.On arrival me and my partner instantly realised it was fine as it seemed exactly the same as our previous experience i.e nice reception/staff, lovely room, etc. We instantly had a beer from the mini bar on arrival which was restocked every 2 days. We then had a walk round the grounds and to the beach. Very nice beach which we went to everyday rather than the pool which i found small for the size of the hotel.Make sure you do the James Bond trip, speedboats and snorkelling was excellent and good value for money.Now for the not so good. These are all small things but still deserve being mentioned.Getting up early (7am) to book the special restaurants was a pain. The entertainers work very hard and have to cater for all nationalities but we did find the evening shows only adverage. (However the Michael Jackson one was excellent.) As we were in a group of 10 and met up with another large canadian group we made our own entertainment but for couples it could be boring. The shops in the hotel are expensive but most people expect that. Go to the beach huts if you really want to buy something. Also unusual for riu was (this was most annoying bit for me) the gardeners were always trying to sell you coconuts to drink or the coconut shells carved into ash trays. The gardens were not aswell kept in this hotel, maybe they should focus in the gardening instead. Also in the pool restaurant the drink machine stunk. We realised this was the wine barrel and avoided it.All in all it was great, the weather could of been better and I would definately recommend the hotel and chain. I have been to 5 or 6 all inclusives and you can do far worse than a Riu hotel. I hope you find this useful.Mark  Jo, Essex, England.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely Fantastic, Heaven MY GOD WHAT A HOLDAY - what can I say - We have had the best holiday ever !!!!!!! the people are out of this world, the staff amazing, the rooms spotless, the food excellent, illness ERM NONE!!!! not once were we ill - how anyone can make a complaint about this hotel is beyond me, and as for the beach paradise ???? the beach is 2 minutes away literally - I cannot fault or complain about this holiday at all - the maids are fantastic and ensure your room is spotless (and i mean spotless) - the pool brilliant - the food beyond belief so much to choose from and i would recommend the Caribe Grill - amazing food. THank you so much to the Riu staff who made our holiday the best ever !!! (just one tip - dont do the sea fishing trip and don't forget you need $10 dollars to enter country and $20 to leave).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was Good Until... ok the riu bambu is a very nice resort. it has a very nice beach with a great part of the ocean. the rooms are very good and are kept clean by the great staff. evry1 there wants to make sure that you have the best vacation possible. That is one thing that i enjoyed about the bambu that the staff are awesome. some late nights the night bar staff would let me go behind the bar and pour some beers and make some drinks for people. the food is not that good. it gets very repititive and there isnt a lot of alternatives. the 24hr snakc bar is a joke! i was expecting to go there at 2am and find something really good to eat. not the case, instead i found 12hr old hot dogs that tasted awful. terrible!! if u r looking to buy some gifts do not buy from caribbean street, instead there are vendors about 20min walk down the beach. these guys can be talked down to less than 60-75% of their asking price. however, i urge you not to buy cigars from them or anyone else in the resort. only buy from a government run store in town. now then, your all probably wondering if it sounds so good why is he writing only a neutral report. here it is...i dont know how but i got the most sick i have been in years. my symptons were headache, fever (103), extreme sore throat, and vomiting. i never drank any of the unpurified water so it leaves me to believe its from the food. and if its from the food how are you supposed to protect yourself??...not eat? honestly it was the worst ive been sick since i can remember and i wouldnt wish that on anyone, especially someone on vacation. oh and if yer a single guy goin with buddies, do yourself a favour go somewhere else, theres no single girls here. it consists of couples mostly all european. i find that spanish people from spain are incredibly rude to the point where i almost ended his vacation! ok well beware and thank you.Steve  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtirish
<Content>We fell in love with the DR, and Riu Bambu My wife and I stayed at the Riu Bambu for eight glorious days last March. We were most taken by the Dominican People. This was not our first trip to the Caribbean, so we were able to remain objective. From our housekeeper Santa, to our favorite bartender Peguero, we were greeted each day with smiles, and Buenos dias, senor y senora We were made to feel welcome by everyone we encountered. Our Apple Vacations laison, Isabel, was most helpful in recommending activities. The Outback Safari was great, We highly recommend it. Dinner at the Caribe Grille one evening was unforgettable, don't miss it. When we visited, the majority of guests were European, Americans were in short supply, which gave the experience an even greater Continental  feel. We will return to Punta Cana(2006) and we will most likely choose Riu Bambu again. Clean, comfortable, accomodating,and friendly....What more could one ask! Happy Vacation....Jim and Jeann Topper, Pittsburgh, Pa.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!         
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing but excellent I stayed at the Riu Bambu from the 5th September, till the 20th September. You can probably tell from the title I gave my review, that I have nothing but good comments about this place.The trip from Punta Cana Airport is interesting, a bit bumpy and a bit nerve-racking at times, but that is hardly the hotel's fault.It takes about 10 minutes to get to the hotel from the main gate. When you arrive at the hotel reception, you are met by the usual porters and very friendly reception staff.The first impression I got of the hotel is very clean, modern and great quality. I could tell straight away that I was going to enjoy my stay.We we're given our keys in about 5 minutes. We made our way to our room, through the well kept gardens. My first impression of the room was clean, light - simply put, a nice welcoming room that had everything we needed. The bathroom was light, very clean and more than enough for two people. When there is less demand for the showers throughout the hotel, the showers are powerful and the bath fills in no time. More than enough towels were provided, but we sometimes needed a couple more and the maid kindly provided them.I can't stress how clean this hotel was, there were always maids cleaning, they took roughly 20-25 minutes to do our room, and that was every day. They would clean the floors, the bathroom, pull the beds out and do all the usual stuff, but they don't cut corners - they do the job properly. They are also like this around the hotel's public areas.Now, the food is simply gorgeous. The chefs cater for everyone's needs. Whether you like pizza, beef, fish, lamb, salads, its all there. There is never a shortage of food, especially on themed nights in the main restaurant. There seemed to be a constant flow of food to the food-bars. You can go up as many times as you like, even though there are only two knives and forkes per seat. The waitering staff are very friending and always willing to help (especially Pedro). There are no problems about getting used plates taken away etc. They don't like to encourage flies I was told. Also, your water glass is never empty, and believe me, you need the water, as the restaurants can get a little hot at times.There are 3 speciality restaurants. The Med restaurant, the Steak House and the Caribe Grill. We only ate at the Steak House twice, even though there are NO limits on how many times you can eat at these restaurants. The food was spectacular, the steak was more than enough, and especially tasty. And as in the main restaurant, the waitering staff are great.The beach is absolutely magnificent. Its no more than a two minute walk from your room. I have read people complaining about the cleanliness of the beach, but if this is the case (which i don't agree with) it's because of people who are too damn lazy to put there rubbish in the many bins all over the beach. There is no shortage of sun loungers, so there is no need to get up at 6am to reserve a place. Also, there are plenty of shaded areas for those who need to get out of the sun.The mini-bars are re-stocked every two days, and with brand named drinks. A gallon of filtered water is also left on each re-filling. If you run out quickly, just ring the main reception and they will send the mini-bar man to refill the fridge free of charge.Now, just a word of warning, it can get extremely hot on the beach, but more so by the pool because of the lack of wind. But make sure you bring lots of sunscrean. Stupidly, I only bought one 200ml bottle of sunscrean. This one bottle was pretty much gone inside of 3 days. It is extremely expiensive to buy sunscrean over there, your talking $20 for a 200ml bottle. So bring more than enough.The bar service is great, any drink you want is no trouble for the bartenders. I never had a problem getting a drink, softdrinks are available from numerous pepsi machines. And you shouldn't have a problem getting alcoholic drinks. I didn't come accross dollar-waving tourists who stopped others getting served.Also, the one complaint I had about the hotel, well more about a member of staff, was the girl in the Internet room by the side of the reception. She has an extremely bad attitude, and considering you are being charged $5 for every 20 mins, the least she could do is give you a smile. I was told that there is an internet cafe out of the complex for 60 Pesos an hour. But this one member of staff by no means reflects on other members of staff.I was also told before I left for the holiday, that everyone accepts US dollars. This isn't strictly true. The shop in the Riu Bambu prefers Dominican Pesos and so do the shops on Caribbean Street. However, the Main Desk are more than willing to change Dollars into Pesos, commission free.I also read a review about some building work that is going on next to the Riu Bambu. On arrival, it is in plain sight, however, inside the hotel, you have to go out of your way to see the building work. The building site is on the farside of the complex, and I was surprised at how LITTLE NOISE there was. The rooms are located nowhere near the building site and will not wake you up in the slightest or distract you while on the beach.There isn't much more that I can say about this hotel than that I would definatley go back. I had alot of worries mainly because of reviews I had read about the Dominican as a whole, but I did come to notice that the people that tended to do all the moaning were the Americans. I've heard it said that the Dominican is no Cancun, but this hotel certainly surpassed my expectations.Hope this helped.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buddy44
<Content>Not feeling too great about this one.... Just got back from Riu Bambu (Sept 16-19). 3 AMERICAN women travelling together - boy did we miss Cancun!! Our first impression of the Domincan Republic - not overly friendly.. The arrival at the airport was fun - music was nice touch. They take your picture and then they're shoving a green paper in you face to fill out but 10 dollars is the most important thing to them. We find our apple rep and board our bus to the hotel. What a ride. They drive like nuts always passing each other. The road is a bit bumpy. You really see how the people live and see all the small houses and shacks along the road and it makes you appreciate home.We arrive in one piece at the Riu. It looks ok (we were comparing it to the Riu Cancun all weekend) and we check in. I know very little Spanish but I can get the point across and boy was I lucky I knew what I did because they speak very little English, even at the front desk. We check into our room. Nice room. They even brought us a single bed because we were 3 in a room! The hotel is only 2 floors high with little groupings of rooms. Nice - nothing is taller than the highest palm tree. We head for the pool or beach. What a trek. The beach is quite a walk. When there, it was a bit rough and dirty. Seaweed everywhere. The pool, we thought, was very dirty. A lot of buggies and stuff all around. People smoke everywhere and discard them too. The pool bar was nice and the other close bars just off the pool were nice too. Real glasses were used outside of the pool area. It was hard to find a drink that we liked. We met 2 great bartenders, Isabel and Xavier. We gave them a few bucks and they were eager to please. The oddest feeling for us was that we couldn't find any other Americans.... we finally found some nice people from Canterbury, England and jumped at the chance to speak to some-English speaking people who weren't rude. The German's, the Deutch, the Portuguese, the Spanish..... didn't even look your way while crossing your path to smile. It just wasn't a very warm feeling. We made the best of it and got friendly with the entertainment people. Chocolate is great = had fun dancing. The shows were fun for what they are. The food was good. But we were comparing to other Riu in Cancun and this one couldn't compare. Two of us did have some weird sickness. Never in the toilet but we felt dizzy and just not quite right. We had to go over to the Riu Palace to find out things for apple vacations which wasn't too convenient. It's a bit of a walk and it's very hot and humid there. We were sweating the whole way there and back. The Caribbean Street is the shops to get trinkets for home and it's really nothing too great. Had a hard time finding something. Pricey too. You definitely have to haggle the price. Not much at the airport so if you see a t-shirt buy it there.It was beautiful to see. Alot more tropical than some other islands like Bermuda, Bahamas, Cancun, etc. with all the palms  vegetation. The best was finding a chair under the palms and reading a book with the breeze. We had some overcast and rain which was welcome in the extreme humidity of the day.Don't think I'd go to this hotel again, but may try another.Hope you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoJo1937
<Content>Don't get married here!!! We travelled here in June in a party of 6 adults and 5 children, for my sister's wedding.9 out of 11 of our party were very ill, which the doctor put down to poor hygeine in the hotel. 2 of the children had serious ear infections, and the doctor warned us to keep them away from the pool. One of the children was admitted to hospital he was so ill, and my sister had serious gastroenteritis the day before her wedding. We also talked to a lot of other people, and the number of people who had fallen ill was high - too much to be a coincidence.The hotel rooms are spacious, and are kept clean, in fact the only person we tipped was the maid. But the only place with air con is your room and you boil from the minute you leave the room to the minute you get back in. There is air con in the restaurant but they don't have it on, and eating could get very uncomfortably hot. The main areas of the hotel are not scrupulously clean - one of the toilets had flooded waste one day and it took hours for it to be cleaned up. One of the coffee machines in the bar was crawling with cockroaches and members of our party saw the bar staff drink from glasses and put them back without washing them. A couple of drinks I was served with also had flies in them.The pool area is appalling, there are people dropping unfinished drinks in there, cigarette stubs, chewing gum and all sorts of nasties. The beach is beautiful and the sea like a warm bath. My husband took my 6 year old niece out on one of the pedaloes one day, it hadn't been checked over and they didn't find out until too late that the steering didn't work. The guy on the beach in charge of the watersports was completely useless, he just shrugged when we asked for help to get them back in. My niece was hysterical with panic, and its a good job my husband is a strong swimmer and managed to get them both back to the beach OK.But the main problem was the way my sisters wedding was organised. There is building work going on next to the hotel, right next to the wedding pavilion in the grounds of the hotel. My sister was promised that the work would be stopped during the wedding, the site would be hidden under fresh palm branches, and that there wasn't anywhere else for the wedding to take place. On the day, the path to the pavilion was beautifully decorated with palms and flowers by the hard working gardeners, but the building work was in full flow and not screened - while my sister and new brother-in-law were taking their vows all they could see was building work, and a row of builders who had downed tools to watch the wedding. Their vows were drowned out by banging and crashing and finally the siren wailing for work to finish for day! This is all they are left with on their wedding video. I know that they tried hard to ignore it all but it seemed so inconsiderate of the hotel not to make the effort to make the wedding as magical as it should have been for them. To add insult to injury, we subsequently found out that they needn't have got married in the pavilion at all but could have got married at other locations in the resort - no-one had been bothered to tell them, even when they had specifically asked after seeing the pavilion on the first day. We are well travelled, and are undemanding but discerning holidaymakers. This hotel does not come up to standard, and I would not recommend it at all.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pgd08
<Content>Great Holiday We stayed at the Riu Bambu for two weeks from the 18th August travelling with Thomson. Our Thomson rep Louise was first class.This was our second stay at a Riu and we all ( five of us) had a fantastic holiday. The Hotel was excellent throughout. All the staff are friendly and helpful, the food good and best of all a superb beach. The two pools were fine but we prefered the beach and sea. We would happily recommend this hotel and may well one day return, although there are still lots of new places we want to visit.If you have any questions or would like to see some photos please email me.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jzolnowski
<Content>Okay, I Guess My wife and I along with another couple stayed at the Bambu from Aug.26 -Sep. 2. Here is our thoughts on Punta Cana and Bambu....Airport- The airport is small and you leave and board your plane outside as soon as you enter/exit the airport people are playing music and will literally kick the tip hat at you for you to put money in it. They also make you pay 10 dollars US per person for a tourist card to enter and leave the country. Also they have VERY few shops in the airport so do your shopping somewhere else.Check In- Very smooth, we had a drink in hand and were in our room within 15 minutes.Room- Very nice, the room was a good size and the air conditioning was fantastic. The mini bar is perfect they will refill it every other day or you can call the front desk if your out of something and they will bring it within minutes and then call to make sure your happy.Beach- Post card worthy, it is very clean, the water very clear and palm trees all around for some shade. You can snorkel in front of the Taino and there is a nice coral reef where you will see plenty of fish. Beautiful!Resort- The resort is immaculate, they are cleaning and fixing up the place constantly. The pool is beautiful although there was a little more debris in it than other resorts.Food/Drinks- Pathetic, we were really disappointed here. The drinks were really sweet and I like sweet drinksbut this was to much. To many of these and you'll vomit and not from the alcohol. Also there isnt enough variety of drinks. I drank less on this vacation than any other Ive been on by far and I like to drink. Main Buffet- every night the buffet will have a pretty decent size selection, however most of it is a repeat from the night before and doesnt taste well at all. Basically we found that there would be one or two good things a day and we would just stick to those things. There is a ton of room for improvement here. Steakhouse- Damn good steak. Damn good starters. Overall this place was damn good. Caribe Grill- See above and add in damn good chicken. Pizzaria- 3 of us had stomach problems one day and we are pretty sure it came from here. Id stay away.People- The staff is fantastic always looking to please. However remember that there is a huge language barrier if you cant speak spanish. My only complaint about the staff is they tend to readily accept tips and arent greatful for them. I like to tip people who carry my luggage or bring pepsi to my room at 10pm and I never really got a warm response for it which bothered me because I don't have to tip at all. I don't mind tipping sometimes at an all inclusive because just like you and me these people need money and I don't care who you are you sweat in the hot sun bringing my luggage to a room you get a tip, but a little appreciation is nice. The Guests are unbelievable I have been to all inclusives and various resorts, I have delt with various cultures and ethnicities but these people are insane. Now Americans are HIGHLY the minority(only met 2 other american visitors) which I didn't think would be a big deal but these people were the rudest I have ever met. At the buffet they cut right into the line whenever they want. One person actually took a serving spoon out of one of our hands. They stare at you constantly which gets very annoying while your eating. We watched in amazement as people snapped there fingures at the waiters to hurry up. It was horrible and to be honest these guests are one of the main reasons I would not recommend or return to this resort. They make your trip less enjoyable and you can find other places where people are MUCH nicer. On top of which there is a lot of toplessness going on. I don't mind this at all in fact I enjoy this but you should be aware that there is ALOT of this going on all along the beach. The only thing that I found disgusting about this was little girls 7,8,9, 10, 14 years old running around without there tops on and there topless mom and dad 10 feet away. To me thats not right.Okay so overall I did have a good time, nice beach, my wife, good friends. But I would probably not return to Punta Cana and I would not return to Riu Bambu. There is many other destinations and resorts that I could enjoy that don't have as many downfalls as this place does.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rosie and Steves (UK) Riu Bambu hol This was my boyfriend and myself's first trip to the Dominican, and overall we had a fantastic time. The Riu Bambu and the country itself was a memorable experience that we won't forget!Everything was fine with our outbound flight and we had a lovely Thompson rep (Louise) meet us at Punta Cana airport where we saw our first insights of the Dominican... lots of vegetation! When the bus dropped us off at the Bambu, I have to say I was impressed by its grand appearance, immaculate gardens and cleanliness. The porters were excellent by collecting your luggage and dropping it off at your rooms shortly after. Just what you want after a long journey! Our room was large, with drinks ready in the fridge and it was not a problem at all to request for water, pepsi or whatever! The hotel pools were great, especially the swim up bar and a seperate kids pool. The bars and bar staff were all efficient, and seemed so happy all of the time. The buffet was handy when you fancied a casual snack by the pool and my boyfriend loved the mr whippy help-ya-self style ice cream. We only dined in the main restaurant, as the ala-carte and carribean grill do get booked up very very quickly. So to avoid disappointment, get your reservations in! We did go to book in at the ala carte, and despite being about 7am it was full as the other hotels have access too. I thought the buffet breakfasts, lunches and dinners were always of a high standard. There was plenty of choice and fresh food was always being put out by friendly staff. This included all sorts of dishes and they even had theme nights such as a Mexican night. The waiting team were constantly helpful, for example, filling your water! The only downside on the food was that my boyfriend and I did suffer sickness which may or may not have been down to the food solely. This was such a shame, as we spent a few days on the toilet or just feeling ill. We had been warned of the mysterious virus in the hotel prior to our trip and it ofcourse it may have been this.We loved the beach and the variety of activities, pedallos etc. The beach was typically carribean, white sands... crystal clear seas! I can't tell you enough how beautiful it was! there were palm trees everywhere and huts selling paintings and souveneers. The Carribean street had a lovely atmosphere with little shops and stalls and music on carnival night. The entertainment at the stage was FANTASTIC! Every night was great fun! The shows were all of a professional standard, yet very humorous. The presenters and dancers were out of this world! The staff worked so so hard, all day-all night and never let on that they were tired as their enthusiasm was sky high for two weeks long! If you don't know the cha cha slide moves before you go to the bambu you sure will by the time you leave! Our favourite shows was probably the Michael Jackson presenation. This wasn't just any old hotel entertainment! We went on many excursions including; monster truck safari, speed boat adventure, the Saona trip and Ocean world. We will let yoy experience these for yourselves but we enjoyed them all, ofcourse some more than others depending on what you are into but you do experience the real Dominican life particularly on monster truck! So overall an excellent holiday, great staff and a great place! It's just a shame we both fell ill... I dfeinately could not fault the Bambu in any otehr respect though. Whether you are in a family, couple or with friends- the Bambu is an ideal resort in a gorgous part of the world... happy holidaysRosie and Steve, Norwich, UK  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Great Time I went to PUNTA CANA RIU BAMBU from 7-27-05 TO 8-1-05.Really hadA GREAT TIME.LOVELY BEACH,SERVICE,FOOD AND THE MOST FRIENDLIEST PEOPLE I've met in years.Feel in love with the bar located inpool. THE rooms and the grounds were keep so clean you felt like everytime you came out it was your first day no signs of trash leaves that had fell off the trees the night before just beautiful. Tne variety of food served everyday was fantastic and there was no reasonto be hungry, even the dinning area for between meals and snacks wasunbeliveable.THUMBS UP TO ALL THE STAFF AND TWO THUMBS UP TO ALL workers at the Bars. LEONARDO you will be remember by all in PhiladelphiaPa. THANK YOU for your laughter and kindness.Once again it was a great vacation for all 52 of us.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu a good choice We had plans to travel to Playa Del Carmen, but had to change last minute because of the hurrican. The choice to stay at the Riu Bambu was recommended by the travel agent.We were very pleased with all the accomadations, room was ample enough for my wife, I and two children, after all how much time do you spend in a room when going to a place like this.I am not a beach person and had a great time anyway, going between the beach for a short swim then back to the shade of the palm trees for a while, always a nice breeze to keep you cool.The staff, especially the Director Tom were excellant, everyone goes out of the way to make your stay pleasant.Plenty for kids to do all day and into the night after dinner, they had a kids show every night at 8:00 where they all got on stage for some sort of dance.Plenty to drink all day, beer and island drinks, just make sure to order the drinks by asking for rum pina colada, rum mai tai ect, if you ask for a drink and say pina colada with rum they think that means without rum, I guess the Spanish way is the opposite of English, only took me once to figure it out.Food was good at the buffet breakfast and dinner, lunch and snacks were from 10:00 till 5:00 at the MamaJuana buffet, if you go hungry it's your fault. My only complaint was the ala cart restaurant, you could only make reservations the morning you wanted to dine there and you had to make them early. We didnt seem to get there early enough. Other than that I would recommend the Bambu for a fun time.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bambu... Awesome We arrived at the Bambu not knowing what to expect because of all the reviews i had read before leaving. But let me tell you, this place has everything you need and then some!-The food was great, the staff was very nice and our rooms were perfect (yes the AC works and the bar fridge is replishened!) If I had to be picky, I could complain about two things...1- in the main pool, there were a lot of people smoking and butting out in the water... sick!2- our departure wasnt great... our flight was delayed 8 hrs and we got to stay at the hotel, however, check out is at noon. SO we had nowhere to put our bags and couldnt get towels for the pool. We had asked the onsite manager to help us and found him completely useless (german guy)Not a big deal, our stay was great.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bambu Wedding amazing!!!! My wife and I were married at the Bambu on July 20th. We had a total of 36 guest who came to the event. I must say that the hotel is amazing. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. Anything you want, you will get. The food at the restaurants were amazing and the rooms were great too. Our wedding, which took place on the beach was exactly what we wanted. Simple, yet very memorable. If you do get married on the beach, ask that the spectators please stay back from your wedding. We actually had people come up and stand around our guests, often blocking their view of our wedding. Besides that, the wedding was great, the photos were impressive and the dinner (at the steak house) was very private and well served. I must say that Magnolia, the coordinator, did a fantastic job and we were very pleased!I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We had guests of all ages and they all loved their experience at the Bambu. We had the chance to see the other RIU hotels and they were also very nice. Maybe we will go back for our anniversary.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff and Lovely place A ++++ Having just returned this week from the Dominican Rep. for the first time, me and my party all had a fantastic time. There really is something for everyone here whether you have children or if you are just a couple you will not be disapointed, the staff are wonderful particularly the Animacion team they work so hard and as they keep telling you they really do Love their job The team come around and get you up joining in with activities all through the day but if you are not interested they will not pressure you into doing these. They have many things such as Beach Volleyball and Soccer, Table Tennis, Darts, Water Polo, Aerobics, water aerobics and even dance lessons ! - Cappucino, Oliver and Richard were our favourites but all of these guys make you feel welcome and help break up the tediousness of a long day sunbathing.There is lots of things to do in the resort but the Bambu is the best hotel and because of this you do get people coming from the Palace to hang around you but this should be taken as a compliment as the palace is supposedly better. After ivsiting the Palace we found it to look more asthetically pleasing but there was no atmosphere at all around the pool and felt like people looked down on you if you didn't have a white band on your wrist ! You are much better off staying around the Bambu, day times as well as evenings as the entertainment is much more fun. We all found the food to be of a good standard and with each evening in the main restaurant havung a different theme to it meant that you had a wide variety and you weren't stuck with the same choices each night. The other places to eat near by were also good, in Mama Jawana's you can either go for the Steak House or Mediteranean which is split into 2 halves. These are both 5 courses and are nice but we found that once was enough even though the service is great there was not as much variety of choice. There is also the Caribe Grill restaurant which is on stilts and overlooks the sea, we found this to be the least appealing of the 3 as the staff were not as good and neither was the food but it was a nice change over 2 weeks.The only problem with these 3 is that you have to really book them at 7am in the restaurant because they are limited with space, the Cribe Grill only has a few spaces as the majority have been reserved for the Palace guests and as we found out 1 day, trying to book it at 8.45 am was too late !Many people will be happy with the restaurant but a word of warning for non smokers is that this is allowed in about half the room but this is not seperated from non smoking so if you are near by then it may put you off your food. Only 1 of us became ill in the 2 weeks but whether the food was to blame we do not know, it was all well cooked and fresh, due to a pregnancy we checked that the salad etc were washed with bottled water and were told yes and the ice cubes were not tap water so we were happy. The pool area is well kept and clean and there are plenty of loungers to choose from ( some people reserve these early in the morning or even late at night even if you are not supposed to ) There are plenty of places on the beach and this is vast meaning you don't have to be close to anyone if you don't want to which is great if you just want to sleep in the shade. There are lots of free things to do at the Scuba Caribe places but they will always try to sell you the Scuba Diving and Parasailing rather than you do a free activity such as Kayaking, Snorkelling and Catamaraning ( also if you do want these free ones they tend to be no where near as friendly or heplful and they do not allow these in even slightly choppy water. )There were plenty of bar staff on all the bars so we never waited more than a couple of minutes and they are all friendly and recognised you instantly after the first night. The cocktails are very nice and they make so many that there is no waiting around for them. The beer is very good and the soft drinks all are slef service along with popcorn and peanuts so that saves time anyway.The rooms were very clean and spacious with plenty of clean towels brought daily along with a few toiletries to keep you going. We didn't see any cockroaches or bugs in the room and the air conditioning was so good that we nearly asked for a blanket at reception !! The maid came daily to make beds and tidy up and we found nothing to be taken. The mini bar was stocked every other day and we found this to be enough.The grounds were very well looked after by the gardeners who do a freat job and the public toilets were cleaned round the clock.* Please be carefull of the steps leading up and down from the poolside to the bar as these are deadly - we saw one man slip down them with a glass in hand from the bar and was badly cut as he landed on it. * The reception floor can be slippy when it rains again we saw many people lose their footing.* They do many activities in the main pool and around 5pm these usually involve physical activity, they do move people out of the way but unfortunately one accident happened and a lady was landed on by a man falling off an upturned boat and she had a neck brace on for her whole holiday - Not nice so be wary of children around this time in the main pool area.Overall - great place, Excellent staff and Lovely Facilities but you will hear the same 5 or 6 songs played about 300 times during your stay !!!!Richard and Friends x  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome, amazing, paradise       Benjamin and Oliver got me dancing by the pool  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacago
<Content>Paradise!       The beach, late afternoon  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pasqualeg
<Content>Nice Resort and Beach Just came back from the Riu Bambu and I have to say that the resort and the overall complex is very good. The grounds are keep very clean and staff are constantly working to maintain them. The rooms are OK. We learned later on that if you aren't satisfied with the quality of the mattress let the management know and they can arrange for a different one. The buffet is good, however, 2 of 8 people were very sick after Mexican night. Lots of assortment. Staff is very friendly. As for the a la carte restaurants, they were awful. The steak was so tough, it couldn't even get cut with a knife. The Mediterranian meal was lousy and so was the Caribbean. Small portion sizes and lousy tasting food. I didn't even bother going to the steak house seeing as the steak tasted like leather. I'm haved a lot of lousy home cooked BBQ's in my life but I've never tasted a steak like that before.Another problem if you are travelling with kids is the late dinner reservations. The buffet only allows you to eat at 6:45 and 8:45pm. Pick one and thats your time for the entire week. If you try getting in 15 minutes late don't even bother.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Spent two Fantastic weeks at the Riu Bambu 4th July-18th July. The staff are excellent and the annimation team work sooo hard to make your stay a memorable one (I LOVE MY JOB!!!!) The Hotel grounds where kept beautifull with gardeners and ground staff working hard througfhout the day.Dont worry about the building work, this never effected us at all, no noise and the beach and grounds are so huge you wont even notice its next door.The food was fantastic lots of choice and you never went hungry.Mini bar in rooms with the choice of three bars throughout the day, what more could you want for a fantastic, relaxing and memorable holiday.Hello to Steve and family and Mike and family.Thanks Riu team.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dpritcht
<Content>Riu Bambu - Muy bueno We just returned from 7 nights in Punta Cana, DR staying at the Riu Bambu. Upon arriving, we were greeted by the very interesting thatched roof Punta Cana airport. After a long, bumpy 45 minute drive to the airport, we arrived at the hotel. Very nice grounds and a nice but not elaborate lobby awaited us. After checking in (and barely understanding the directions), we walked to our room 1008 towards the southwest part of the property. While it was a little bit of walk to the restaurants and beach, it was very secluded and quiet which is what we liked. Our room was larger than we thought after reading the reviews. However, we only had two to our room and we heard people that had 4 to the room were really crowded. The room itself was fine, plenty of closet space for two and an adequate bathroom. I did notice small ants coming from a hole in the bathroom but didn't notify my wife until after the trip as to not freak her out. I wrote that off given the fact we were in the tropics, but it would have been nice to have a room without ants.The next few days we spent entirely at the beach. We have been to Playa del Carmen, Mexico to the Riu Palace and the beach rivaled that beach very closely. I think the water was slightly clearer in Mexico, but the beach in Punta Cana was immaculate with all the cocunut palm trees lining the beach. I walked up and down the nearby resorts beaches and without question, the Riu Bambu and Riu Palace had the nicest beaches (trees, water clarity/lack of rocks/etc.). I would rate the beach a 9/10 with the only negative being the slight bit of seaweed that was floating most of the week. I would still say this was the nicest beach I have ever been to in three trips to the Caribbean.Having visited the Riu Palace in Mexico (which by the way was excellent in its own right except for the food!), we were expecting the food to be poor. In Mexico, my wife and I lived on chips and salsa most of the week. Well...at the Riu Bambu, we actually really liked the food. Breakfast had a wide selection at the Colonial and lunch was varied amongst the several different restaurants we ate at at the Taino, Bambu and Caribbean Street (pizzeria). While I will certainly say that everything was not excellent, for every meal we were able to find something we liked. We tried all the a la carte restaurants and found the ambience of the Caribe Grill one of the coolest experiences of our lives. It sits right on the beach about 75 yards from the ocean. Food is good there, but our favorite was the Steakhouse. We are from Kansas City so we know good steak, and while the cut of meat wasn't the best, the seasoning and flavor was excellent. Coupled with a wonderful potato, wonderful apetizers and tasty wine, we managed to eat there twice and would have again if we were to go back.The bars were okay...nothing great. The drinks were not as good as we had imagined. My idea of a Pina Colada is a frozen drink with a pineapple attached. Well...I got the pineapple, but the drink was hardly frozen. Most of the time they would not put rum in the drinks unless you specifically asked and they would rarely blend the drinks until they were smooth. So, you got a liquidy drink with ice cubes in it. Had I paid for each drink, I would have been seriously disappointed. I will say that the bartenders worked there butts off and it was typically very hot and steamy, so it's understandable that they weren't making 'perfect' drinks.A couple more things. The Animacion team was beyond excellent. When we went to the Riu Palace in Mexico, I don't even remember seeing an Animacion team. At the Riu Bambu, that's the first thing I remember. My wife and I took part in Latin dance lessons each day at the beach at 11am and 4pm and had so much fun. We then saw a couple skits at the pool that were absolutely hilarious. Also suprising was the quality of the entertainment, in particular the dancing. While it was certainly not the highlight of our trip, we did enjoy the shows and the dancing.Lastly, the service was okay. We arrived to no bottled water and it took a couple calls for them to deliver some. After that incident, they were very prompt including when our fridge broke. They sent someone within 5 mins. to fix the problem. Probably the low point of the service came when checking out. Our flight had got delayed and we were not being picked up for the airport until 6:30pm. We asked the night before if we could get a late checkout and they told us to come back in the morning. We came back at 8am and they told us to come back in 30 mins. After 30mins, we asked again and then they said we would have to pay $10/hr for the late checkout. It felt like we had gotten the serious runaround. We didn't let it spoil our trip, but I did feel obligated to write about it.So...in conclusion the fantastic beach, wonderful food, nice grounds made up for the relatively insignificant problems. We wouldn't hestitate to go back here again and would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the Bambu       The Beach  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but not Platinum good Firstly, let me say that I received a letter 7 days before travelling out to the Bambu, informing me of the construction site next to the hotel. Thomson assured me that although the disruption was moderate to high at times, we as Thomson 'Platinum' guests would be placed on the complex, by the management, in the area totally unaffected by the noisey building work. Rubbish. We were placed in the second block by the building site, approx 50 feet away. Every morning we were woken at 0700 by the hammering and heavy machinery. Also, in the evening when we sat on our balcany for a drink, there was a constant din from the building work. We were also assured that 15 to 20 foot screens were being erected to hide the building and mask the noise. Rubbish! The fence on the beach is 5 feet high and transperant and the fence by the marraige area consists of palm leaves leaning against the 5 foot fence. This is a very noisey hotel. If you are not woken by the builders next door, it is the cleaners starting work at 0800. They even knocked our door twice at 0815 to clean our room. As for the rest of the holiday and resort, the beach is fantastic, the food is very varied and very good, the drinks are not upto much and finally the animation team are brilliant. Their shows at night are very repetative and in need of refreshing with only the Greese show, Michael Jackson and the magic show worth watching. In conclusion, if you are travelling with Thomsons and you receive the letter, they are being very very conservative with the truth. I would request a change of hotel within the resort and even insist on an upgrade to the Riu Palace next door as this is a far better standard of hotel. If you do not ask you will not be told re alternative accommodation.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at the Bambu We just got back from the Bambu and had a wonderful time. Staff were very attentive to all needs. The placed is packed with Europeans so smoking is everywhere, open areas allowed for movment of air. Speaking of air, the island is very hot and the humiditiy is high, thus the A/C does not appear to work properly,but it is.We met people from all over the globe ( Russia, Africa, Europe, US and Puerto Rico)and would recommend this hotel to anyone. Please be aware that toplessness is found throughout the Riu hotels, so if it offends you stay away. Otherwise enjoy the bar in the pool. The staff work very hard and the staff at the pool bar ( Berta, Antonio, Bony and Ricardo) will create any drink you wish. I recommend anything frozen as the heat melts the ice too quickly.Hope you enjoy your stay  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Riu will be a Redu !!! From June 19th to the 27th my wife, her sister, my brother in law and I claimed a little piece of the fabulous beach at the Bambu. It was our first trip to Punta Cana and over all a great week. I was especially nervous about spending 8 days with nothing to do after reading the bad reviews that had been written just before we left. However, the week went by faster than expected and we had a great time. I guess we all expect different things from our vacations but then I always did like the movies that got the worst reviews by the critics. The beach was the best we've ever been on bar none. Our rooms were kept very neat and clean by the miad who we tipped $2 a day because she did such a good job and never bothered a thing. The air conditioner worked so good that my wife slept under a blanket every night. The staff worked daily on the upkeep of the grass and landscaping and were always offering up a whole or open coconut to you when you walked by. Our dinner server Issa was lots of fun and made sure we were well taken care of. We also tipped her $2 each night because she was so pleasant and attentive. When she saw us heading to our table she would immediately put our usual drinks together and bring them over without us asking. You really couldn't ask for a nicer staff in spite of the language difference as we didn't speak much spanish. They really do want you to have a good time and the front desk would call our room every other day to see if everything was fine or if we needed anything. The Apple Reps, Petra  Isabelle were a big help with most anything we threw at them and a great source of just general information since they did speak our language. We did eat at the Carribean Grill and the Steak House while there and each were a nice experience. We also spent a little time in the casino at the Riu Palace that my wife really enjoyed since she hit a couple of nice pay offs on the slots. The trips off of the resort ( Outback Safari  Saona Island ) were pretty rugged but the experience was a real eye opener for the cultural differences and glad we did them. Here are a few tips of nice to haves. If coming from the US take a small extension cord as it will fit into the recessed outlet in the room and you can run battery chargers, hair dryers, etc. off of it. The front desk does have adaptors but you do need to tell them what country you need to adapt to since they have several available. Take a few assorted zip lock baggies to protect things from the sand, rain and humidity at the beach and on any out trips. Also a couple of small trash bags if you are considering the safari type trips in case of rain. There is nothing available to keep things dry if a shower pops up. Plenty of singles for tipping. Plenty of sun screen and over the counter things you think you may need because they are twice there what you'll pay at home. I could go on but will just sum it up by saying that a vacation is what you make it and how you treat the people you have to deal with. We will go back. Feel free to write back if you want more details.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Been to better               More photos  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the place! We visited the Riu Bambu from June 20-27th. We were a party of 6 adults and 2 teenagers. Let me start by saying we have traveled extensively, including Europe and the Caribbean. This was by far the worst experience we've had. The place is pretty, the employees are hard working and the beach is beautiful. Other than that, everything else is horrible. Let me start off by saying there is no airconditiong anywhere, other than your room which is sub-standard at best. You go the the Colonial Restaurant in the morning for the breakfast buffet and sweat to death. Go there at lunch, go there at dinner and it's the same, you sweat to death with the flies. There are A/C vents installed but the employees told us they don't turn the units on. As Americans, we're definitely not used to being tortured while eating. You can't sit in the lobby other that to weat to death. The rooms are ugly. We asked to be moved closer to the beach and restaurants because we were very far away from everything. They did this on the 3rd day and the couple that was with us got a room with a door that did not close. They told them someone would come in 10 minutes. They showed up and said they needed an expert. He'd be there in 15 mins. After numerous calls to the front desk he did not show up until 2 and a half hours later. They lost our dinner reservation to the Caribbean Restaurant. We lost power one morning for half an hour with no water to even wash our face to go to breakfast. All and I mean all the drinks are watered down unless you show some money. The Animacion team that do all the activites and the evening shows are very hard working and very nice. A big hello to Cappuccino the best of all of them. But, again if you go see the shows be prepared to seat to death and forget about dancing with the band once the show is over. You'd pass out from heat exhaustion. The Pacha Disco is the only place with A/C and even that was not cold. One of the managers who is a Spaniard, not the German fellow, was very rude. When we complained about all the time we've lost on our vacation waiting for them to fix things he basically rolled his eyes up at us. We will definitely not return. We went to the Palace and that looked nicer and had some A/C. We'd rather go to Cancun, the Mayan Rivera where the beach is just as nice and the hotels are beautiful and are all airconditioned!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best manger ever We went to bambu june 19-26. I have been to punta cana 6 times and this was our first time to bambu and boy did it stand out for two big reasons and if riu upper mangement reads this I would like them to know that by far they have the best manager money can buy and the front desk people are the nicest I have ever seen at any other resort. First the manger: when we got there we traveled with 18 people and needed 6 rooms so I emiled them and requseted buiding 19, 20 or 21. When we arrive they had us in the section where all the construction was going on and I said no way am I going to listen to that stuff for 7 day so they said they would move us but (and the big but came) we would have to wait until tomorrow, but this first night we were to all be scattered through-out the resort. We waited for at least 2 hours then to get our rooms and when us and another couple finally went to our room it was filthy. The maids had not been there yet and were supposed to have been done. I called the front desk with anger and told the manager I was on my way down and am demanding a clean room instantly. He met me as I approached the building, not even making it to the front desk. and personally escorted me and the other couple to new clean rooms apologizing all the way and said we will have gifts for you tomorrow. When we got to the new rooms, we were completely pleased with the outcome. The next day they delivered what they promised. At 2:00 the three couples with children were in building 24 and the three couples without/kids were put in building 23, just as we asked and were promised. Just as he said all six rooms were delivered a note, rum and fresh fruit plate. How nice is that. Never have we been treated like that at any other resort we have ever been too. Also, as the manager would see us throughout our stay he came right over and shook our hands and asked how we were doing and wished us well. The manager made a comment that first day It is not how your trip starts, it is how it ends and he was right. Now for the second reason the front desk was so friendy and nice in comparison to the other resorts we've been too. Even after all the commotion the first day, instead of being nasty to us, they went out of there way with friendliness. I would definitely recommend this resort for families.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kybeachgirl
<Content>I Love This Place! I just returned from the Riu Bambu and I absolutely loved it! I'll start with my ONLY complaint; the food was not what I was expecting mostly because it was not what I am used to eating. That is my only complaint which is totally outweighed by the many wonderful things I experienced here. The beach is GORGEOUS, the resort itself spectacular, and the people kind and always smiling. I will most definitely return next year!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donna215
<Content>Awesome stay Hi All, we stayed at the RIU Bambu 6/18-6/25/05, this was an awesome stay. We have stayed at 3 other Riu's. All are excellent one their own, Bambu is the best yet, from our perceptive. Nice room excellent service, fantastic food. We ate at the buffet every day, breakfast and dinner. Selections were great. themed dinners ( mexican, Dominican, BBQ,) the seafood is awesome shrimp lobster oh my god it was awesome. We ate everything and no one got ill. However, eating fresh fruit and salads, and spicy foods are part of our daily diets. Drinking, ask the bartender to make you thier special drink. I highly recommend the  el Boney at the pool bar. Go prepared... take plenty of sunscreen ( pack twice what you think you'll need, the water and sun will require frequent reapplication) you can pay more than $16.00 USD for a new bottle.Take isolated mugs, you will be happy for a cool drink while lazing on your lounger.Take a raft type item for drifting in the sea.The beach flea market was not for us, pushie aggressive vendors, however it is a nice walk up the beach.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't get married at the Riu Bambu We stayed at the hotel from 6-20 June 2005 and we got married in the grounds of the hotel on 14 June. Thompson holidays did not tell us about the building work and the wedding gazebo is about 40 feet away from were they are building a whole new hotel complex. We were assured that the builders would be stopped for the wedding and the work covered with palm leaves. As we arrived at the gazebo on the day of the wedding there were dead palm leaves, the builders were banging and crashing and a few of them even sat on the wall and enjoyed the wedding!! Our vows were drowned out by the noise coming from the building site and this is all we were left with on our wedding video.9 out of 11 of us were ill with ear infections, diahorrea and vomiting with one of our children being taken into hospital.We also witnessed the waiters drinking from glasses and either putting them back with the clean ones or taking a sip out of them before handing them to the guests.The evening entertainment is also very unprofessional with competitions such as 'Miss Bambu' and 'Mr Bambu' comprising of cheap laughs and vulgar behaviour. Our six year old daughter even ended up with a man's hairy backside in her face.Not my idea of 5 star entertainment or a dream wedding location.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst vacation ever My family of six went to riu bambu in May thinking it would be a great family vacation, how wrong we were. The rooms were o.k. we weren't worried about them to much we didn't plan on spending alot of time in them anyway. We all were hungry when we got there and went to get lunch That is were the night mare began. The food was bad the first day and never got any better my oldest son sometime didn't even eat we all lost weight and were very crabby because we were allways hungry. The drinks were watered down and if you were lucky enough to find something you did like good luck trying to get it made the same way twice. Not much to do for the kids especially my 15 and 17 year old. We went on our first excursion the 3rd day and me and my 7 year old daughter were in a speed boat and a out of control guest came full speed and landed on top of our boat with us in it no one was hurt but for me and my daughter the excursion was over. The shows they had at night we nothing to get excited about but it was something to do. Oh and just try and get a towel by the pool you were allways told 30 minutes. I don't know if it was just our hotel or if this is how it is at them all, but I would not be rateing this hotel a 5 star gold!!!!! more like a 2 We will never go back!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday We've just returned from Riu Bambu after 2 weeks (6th June - 20th June 2005) and we had a great time. Like everybody we were slightly worried due to the negative reviews. Thought would write a quick note to say not to worry, the hotel was great with wonderful staff, good food and good entertainment. The beach is absolutley fab! Rooms are of average size, well air conditioned and more to the point clean. The weather was great for 2 weeks. It sometimes rains very heavily at night and sometimes in the morning but not to worry it goes off as quickly as it comes on.The tips are great value for money especially the Monster Truck Safari and Saona Island.Anybody who has booked to the Riu Bambu should go with an open mind and you will have a great holiday.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Colour
<Content>Not disappointed       Sunrise from Room 913  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brocktoone
<Content>nice resort My girlfriend and i (both 26) went to the riu bambu from June 5-12 and had a GREAT time. We never had any problems....except when we broke the air conditioning. It took two calls to get someone to come out to our room but after the second call it was fixed within 5 minutes. No big deal.... we're patient people. I guess if you're the kind of people who need immediate service and attention you might not like it here.....or ANYWHERE in the tropics. Relax, you're on vacation.  The grounds are very lush. You're practically in the jungle :). We picked up some people from the Bahia Principe for the outback safari and that resort is much more out in the open it seemed.....not as much vegetation....but it's newer. Give it a couple years. I liked the riu better. The pool area was great. Lots of activities. I spent too much time at the swim up bar, though. :P The beach was great. Just the right combination of shade from the palm trees and open area for tanning. The water was nice....very blue and a little wavy but not as clear as i would have hoped. The water in Cozumel is much clearer and calmer. There was some good snorkling in front of the Taino. During our trip my girlfriend celebrated her birthday and the hotel staff went above and beyond what i expected. First i ordered a big bouqet of flowers and they were delivered per my request to the room while we were at breakfast. Later, while we were out on the beach, the maid decorated the room with balloons and flowers. It must have taken her an hour to do. We left her a big tip. They also delivered a bottle of rum to the room and sang to her at dinner time. It was her best birthday ever!! The food was pretty good. Better than other resorts i've been to. Mamajuana's snack bar kind of sucked but oh well. The colonial had plenty of food to choose from. They do cater toward europeans a bit but when 80% of their clientel is from europe what do you expect.  It rained every night. Like i've never seen before.....it just downpoured :) It cleared up by morning, though, and everyday was nice except for a couple cloudy days. I went to the pacha nightclub on Friday night and it was packed....had a lot of fun. I think some of these negative reviewers are expecting perfection. I can't believe someone would actually complain about the languange barrier and that it isn't americanized enough....holy **** why don't you just go to florida and leave the rest of us (who enjoy other cultures) alone. LEARN SPANISH. You're in their country after all. Or they complain about the room being too small, only one room key, and plastic cups in bathroom.....OMG!!!! these people are spoiled. This resort isn't perfect. Yeah, the rooms are a hair small and the food isn't gourmet but I think overall it was well worth the money we paid. We would definately go again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic holiday! Just came back from Riu Bambu, had a fantastic holiday. We were full of trepidation after reading the reviews on this site, but we loved it so much we are thinking of going back next year.The airport is a fantastic surprise. thatched roof, singing and dancing then 45 mins to hotel, speedy check in. The rooms are fine, I would not call them small and very very clean. 2 double beds, no leaky showers.We found the food great, no problem booking in the 3 speciality restaurants.The entertainment team are fab and really try to keep you happy as do all the staff. We love Jimmy! The evening shows are not fantastic, but you can always wander around the other Riu hotels and see what is going on there. The beach is amazing, the Bambu has the best beach. We could always get a lounger and towels. Pool quite small but we didn't really use it.Went on 2 trips, the Monster Truck Safari and Marinarium. Both excellent. If you go on the Monster Truck, take some clothes, pens, hair scrunchies etc for the mountain children. They appreciate anything.We did not get any kind of upset tummies until our return and I think that was down to a sandwich in the airport, so don't eat there!We were really worried before we went but we had a brilliant time.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dream Vacation!!! We went to the Riu Bambu in March and I can't say one negative thing about our vacation. It was a dream! The staff was so friendly and ready to be of any help. We fell in love with the people. We thought the rooms were exquisite. Very, very clean! Good service! Enjoyed the shows in the evening! Food was very good! The beach was beautiful. We parasailed, had a massage on the beach and relaxed and swam. I could go on and on. Right from our plane landing to the take off it was an awesome experience. I would recommend this hotel to everyone!!!! All inclusive is the way to go! Hope you all enjoy it as much as we did!!!!!! I'm going back as soon as I can!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glendagoodwitch
<Content>5 Star????? False Advertising We were there from May 15th to the 22nd. I have been virtually everywhere in the Caribbean....had always had some misgivings about the DR, but a friend begged me to try it....so what the hell.It rained solidly the first three days (of course that was out of their control). They ran out of umbrellas and believe me they were needed. We had to put ourselves on a waiting list. Five star???Upon arrival we were given our room key (one key for two people..they said they would have to call a locksmith to cut another one) and our safe key. Most 5 star resorts I have stayed at have a combination safe so there is no danger of losing a key by schlepping it to the beach or to the bar. Our room was at the very back of the resort directly across from the laundry facilities which were extremely noisy in the mornings. Two bath towels in the bathroom, no face cloths, no bathmat. Plastic glasses. Five star?Food was acceptable at best. The dining room had two sittings for dinner....what is this? A cruise ship? So, a couple of times we were a little late for our first sitting and were kicked out of the dining room for the second sitting. This is an extremely large dining room, so there is no way it was ever filled. The purpose of this first and second sitting are a mystery to me. Five star???Bartenders were great. Very friendly. The animacione team was one of the best in the Caribbean. The beach is beautiful, big, white powdery sand. But the hulking shipwreck off shore is an eyesore and ruins the view. Five star????The pool was lovely, but the cushions on the lounge chairs were ripped vinyl and leaked through to our skin after a night of rain. Disgusting!!!!! On FOUR occasions they ran out of pool towels by noon. And the times there were towels, they were still damp from the laundry. Five star????The poolside restaurant is extremely dark and dingy. There was a station where you could pour your own beer, wine, water etc. and this had an overpowering smell of stale beer all the time. Five star???Our departing flight was not scheduled till 10 p.m. and we asked if we could keep our room until six oclock...but were told no. The hotel was not full at this time. My thinking is that they did not want to inconvenience the maid staff. We used the communal women's shower room to change into our travel clothes and it was so humid in there we could not get dry after showering. Plus, being right next to the men's washroom, men kept walking into our shower room. Five star???Needless to say, the Riu Bambu has made be suspect about all other Riu hotels. I will never stay at a Riu again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misscharlie
<Content>Excellent I travelled to the bambu from the UK on 23-30 May. Here is my honest review regarding this hotel.After a 9 hour flight to punta cana we were greeted to a stunning airport! Thatched roof, 2 conveyers for baggage! and spanish music. A great pick me up after the long flight. The journey took around 40 mins. As you enter the Riu grounds, there are security gates with a guard and lots of pretty shrubbery.On arrival to the hotel we were greeted in the large reception. Very spacious and welcomming. Check in was the quickest I have ever know! We were given our room key within 5 minutes, and our luggage followed us after about 15 mins. Standard key lock and safe lock. As we open the door, we were welcomed by an excellent fan and very well air conditioned room. Was a god send throughout the week, and the best air conditioning system by far that any other hotel. The room was spotless! I REALLY mean spotless! well sized, with 2 double beds. the pillows were a little flat, but hey do you really expect to bring your own bed on holiday? The bathroom was also good. A shower/bath with didnt leak everywhere whilst in there so you get the floor soaked. A hairdryer was also included. The toilet systems are low, but thats a dominican thing! Still very clean! 4 different selections of rum vodka and whiskey. In the mini fridge we had Coke,soda water, water Sprite and was restocked every 2 days! Every aspect was excellent.The service we received throughout the whole time was consitanly excellent. They all work extremly hard, and they are just so friendly! From the people on reception, to glass collectors, entertainers, even the gardners who are constanly dotted around. They would climb up the tree to fetch you a cocunut. Delicious!Main meals are served in the colonial resturant. you are asked on the first evening to sit at either 6.30 or 8.30. You decide. You may also get the option to sit inside or out. I would recommend you sit inside. I got bitten alive whilst eating outside, even with insect replellent on! The food was of a satifactory standard. A wide range of choice and good value for money. Always something different to try. Meats,fishes, and veggies. We never had dessert thinking about it, I havent a clue I was always to stuffed! Breakfast also served here, was ok. Bacon always overcooked, sausages seen better days. on the spot omlet station was good. Lots of cakes and a brilliant continental breakfast with a huge amount of bread options and cheeses and meats. We made up sandwiches for trip days and on the beach! But the best places to eat by fair are the speciality restaurants. They were all fantastic and there are 3 in total. The caribe grille located on the beach from of the palace was a great place to eat. The steak house and the med are also suberp cuisine! A must for your bambu vaction! It does men getting up at 7 in the morning, but its well worth it! dont miss out! Just becareful, dont eat too much of the first 2 starters, else you never fit in main course, and cant even look at desert!The hotel activities were not to our liking. But provided good all round entertainment for families. The shows were well put together and entertainment staff were good. We prefered to spend our time walking on the beach, gambling at the casino at the palace and having a drink at the bar on carribean street. We didnt go, but there is a nightclub at the top of carribean street.(15 min walk from bambu)The pool bar was excellent and at night the pools look stunning. A little smaller than expected, but you have a beautiful beach right by you, and the use of the other hotel pools.Trips- As being as we were only there for a week we decided we would do 2. We really wanted to swim with the dolphins but it was $358 each. So we opted for a day trip to saona ($141) and Swimming with sharks ($75).The day trip to saona started at 6.20 in the morning! Very early! We took a coach ride for about 2 hours and went to a place called alta vista (i think) Very pretty. We then took 300 steps downwards. Very steep with no rail to hold onto. in fact quite dangerous and I was a bit scared. At the bottom you were then taken on a super fast speed boat. An excellent experience! We then got to swim in waist deep beautiful turquoise water. It was truly stunning. On the island we got around 2 hours to relax and unwind with a huge BBQ and free drinks. A protected island with stunning views! Definatly worth the money, just wear sensible shoes!Swimming with sharks. This trip was excellent value. Left at 12.20 and arrived there around 1.15. A catamoran trip to an enclosure where you swim with the sharks and stingray. Makes sure you look out for the fish! We drank a yummy drink coco loco. (dying to get my hands on more!!) Back on the boat we took a further ride down the beach. A relaxing and excellent trip. Fantastic value for money.I hope I havent bored you too much. I have so much more to say, but thought i'd try and keep it a bit shorter! in conclusion, this hotel was EXCELLENT. BRILLIANT value for money and you really cant go wrong. Ive travelled to many countries and lots of hotels. this was my first trip to the carribean and definatly wont be my last. If you have a holiday booked for the bambu....my best advice is go with an open mind. We read the good the bad and the ugly. I was excellently surprised when I arrived.Oh and by the way the weather!! On Monday 23 cloudy with sunny intervals in the afternoon. Tuesday morning was sunny until 2pm it then rained all afternoon. Didnt make no difference though. We'd made friends with some americans and stayed in the pool whilst thundering and lighening, enjoying our cocktails! The rest of the week was very good, with lots of cloud and sun. Small amount of rain in the night. (each room has an umberella) Came back with an excellent tan for a brit (shame its pealing off though!)  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unhappy from Cincinnati, Ohio Not recommended. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Riu Bambu from May 14th to the 21st. Upon arrival to the resort I noticed that it seemed a little unorganized. We were given our room key and told  take a right and then another right to find our building. There are several buildings and it was difficult to find. I noticed others that were on our flight had the same problem. We finally found our room. No help from the staff. The room was very disappointing. Small room, two beds shoved together and they were very hard. Pillows were flat and one very thin, very thin cover. If you are a couple, you will find it hard to sleep together. Someone will fall thru the carck! We went on our balcony and my first thought was trailor park. No offense to anyone that lives in one but you know what I mean! Buildings on top of each other. No privacy. You will be looking at your neighbor directly across the way. You will need to keep you curtains drawn most of the time.The pool was ok, not as big as it looks in the pictures. The food was fine. Lots of the same on a daily basis.We did make friends with Ramon one of the bartenders at the pool bar. Great guy. It rained alot when we were there and I have no problem with that, however, when we noticed that everyone had an umbrella, I went to the front desk and requested one which I was told,  we are out but when we get one in, we will put it in your room. We never did get one. I normally don't write reveiws however I felt compelled to since this was suppose to be a 5 Star, 5 Apple resort. Not hardley. This was my second time to Punta Cana. The first time we stayed at the Fiesta Palace. Highly recommend the Fiesta resorts. Large rooms, beautiful pool. I will return to Punta Cana and will stay at the Fiesta Palace again. I recommend read all the reviews. The negative ones are right on the money. I went in with an open mind and I was let down.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Beach! I went to Riu Bambu with my girlfriend for 6 days and 5 nights. We have stayed at the Riu Bachata in Puerto Plata in DR previously and were very excited about visiting Riu Bambu. The beach was absolutly gorgeous and the service was impeccable. The food was ok, about as good as you can expect for an all inclusive vacation. There were liquor dispensors and all the soda, water and beer you could drink right in our room. This was very convenient. The evening entertainment at the riu bambu was the worst, the riu palace had much better evening entertainment! Your beter off going to the casino or living it up at the bar. We did have a few qualms with Riu Bambu. There were numerous bugs, crabs, crickets etc in the hallway which leads to our room. We never knew what we would find in our hallway when we returned from an evening at the casino. I don't understand why there is no ATM in the whole resort. Don't they want people to get cash to spend at the casino, excursion,shops etc? All in all this place is definately a great value for what you get!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>saalfeldk
<Content>Great service, some problems The Riu Bambu has excellent service and average rooms. The food was very good (although 6 out of 10 of the adults did get diarrhea, with one case lasting 5 days). The biggest complaint was with the poolside towel service and water sports. Most days you had to wait for hours to get beach towels. The employees do not collect the towels at the end of the day that people leave on chairs so when you go down in the morning, you don't know if people have already reserved chairs or they're left from the night before. The beach is beautiful. The people at the water sports are not very friendly. The sailboats were supposed to be free but then they tell you that you have to take lessons to take out the boats and of course there is a charge for the lessons.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shame about the rain I was unsure what to expect after all the negative reviews, however this was a great place for a relaxing holiday. The only thing that spoiled it was the weather. It rained continuously for 10 out of 14 days. I would suggest avoiding the month of May. The hotel was very clean. There were no roaches in our room or the hall way. The food was good and plentiful. We were never sick and ate pretty much everything. The only complaint I have is about the entertainment. I recognise that the team work very hard long hours however the shows are quite repetative, at times quite unprofessional and when it is raining no additional entertainment was provided and as a result spent more time watching TV on this holiday than any other. Staff were very helpful and friendly. There are very little shops so dont worry about excess baggage on return journey as theres nothing to buy.Manarium is the excursion where you swim with sharks and rays and was excellent value. Took a trip on a helicopter which was a great way to see the coast line. Without a doubt the best thing about this holiday was the beach. Just as well as this is pretty much all there is in this area. It is huge with white sand and clear blue sea. We never had a problem getting a lounger and there was plenty of space, infact even when the sun shone the beach never looked crowded.A great value for money relaxing beach holiday best suited to couples and famalies. We may return but at a different time of year.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will return!       Yep they are REAL!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>medical madness My wife and I stayed at The RIU Bambu Hotel in Punta Cana, The Dominican Republic. We have stayed at RIU properties in Mexico and Jamaica and they are very nice. Being seasoned traveller's we have always purchased the insurance in case of a medical emergency. On the second day to our resort, my wife and I went for a walk and upon return to our room the maid had just mopped the floor and my wife fell and slamned her face into the wall. The fiasco that ensued afterwards would take an hour to tell you about. The long and short of it is this. We ended up at a local emergency room where after xrays, ekgs, (you are expected to sign for things written in spanish and which no one can conveniently interpret, and if you refuse to sign, you will not be discharged until you do! By the way, you are locked in at the local hospital and let out by key. Furthermore, you are expected to pay up to $2000.00 (before you leave the hospital) thus the locked doors). If you do not have the money they threaten to take your passports! It was extremely freightening, and your travel insurance is not accepted, nor any other private insurance. You have to pay up to $2000.00 immediately after treatment, and nobody is nice about it! As for the Hotel, it is beautiful, the food was just fine, the service at the bars improves with a tip here and there as is the case anywhere, and I should think anybody would love this place. The 2 beds that are shoved together to make a king for couples is very uncomfortable, and the linens are the cheapest I have ever seen in any hotel, and we could have done without the huge cockroaches in our room and in the hallways.....but you are in the tropics and bugs are everywhere! The side excursions are excellent and the people of the DR are warm and friendly. I truly wished that they would stop trashing such a beautiful island. There are tons of trash everywhere! You see families outside sitting aound large piles of trash, and it simply clogs the roadsides and beautiful rivers in the countryside. The resorts are of course pristine, but from the airport to your resort you see the real DR. I would not return to the DR, but only because of the trash everywhere...there are cleaner islands to visit. As a first time visitor however, I think that anybody would enjoy themselves if they take a few side trips like the outback safari or a Catamaran out to swim with the sting rays and the Nurse Sharks, or a visit to Sanora Island! Take a couple hundred for each adventure for a couple and you will love it. Over all, The Hotel RIU is a good value, could use some improvement, but what doesn't? We just visited April 9 thru-16-05  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Construction! We just arrived back on the 14th. The two of us were looking forward to rest and relaxation...and that is what you exactly get. The rooms were clean, and the maids were quick to have them ready for you everyday.The ONLY complaint about the rooms that you should heed: there is major construction next door, so the hammering starts promplty @ 8:00am.We were thought we could get used to it, but to sit out on the deck and talk or read proved difficult. To their credit, the next morning, they happily moved us to a quieter spot. When you get to your room, make sure this is not a problem.Get out in the sun when you can and don't take it for granted...it seemed to cloud over and rain every mid afternoon, but you will find enough each day.The food is excellent, but as always, stay safe..no fresh fruit and vegetables uncooked, or the bathroom will be next (we slipped up once..busy afternoon!).These people are extremely friendly. Their english is limited, so conversation is a challenge unfortunately.Shopping variety is limited...wood carvings, tshirts, jewelry,etc. Bring your own coffee with thermos because their coffee is extremely strong.Overall ,more like a 4star ;magnificent beach,friendly and hard working staff,great food! Hope this helps..enjoy your trip! Let me know if you need further info.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely AMazing Hello allWell i got one word to describe the resort, AMAZING. We went in a group of 15 of us, we went from april 24-May 2 and it was amazing. When we got there the staff was amazing, well all throughout the week. I'll be honest after reading some of the negative comments about the resort by some individuals, I had my guard up at first. But you know what the weather was fantastic, it was extremely hot, so make sure that you ease up on the booze and try to hydrate yourself frequently. The food was amazing as well. The best part of the good was the bbq on the thursday and the bbq night which was on a tuesday night when we were there. They also had special nights, for example mexican night, when all the waiters and waitresses came out in their sombreros, that was fun as well. They are all very nice individuals and whenever you need something they are there before you know it, so make sure to leave a nice tip, we did:) Wellington the resort manager was awesome too, if you run into any problems, he is very friendly and approachable. I didn't have any problems with the beds as some people have mentioned, I found them pretty comfortable, and the rooms were really clean which I liked. One thing, I suggest anyone to try if they decide to go to this resort is , to make a reservation at the steakhouse, the food was amazing. And try the shark swim as well, we went snorkling and swimming with sharks in a cage for half the day. I think its a great place and I'd definetly go again. But remember, the experience is what people make of it, and don't let the negative comments of other's experiences ruin your trip. If anyone has any questions feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5*?????               More photos  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nois
<Content>Fantastic Amazing.I'd go back in a heartbeat. Our building was right next to the entrance and was still very quiet and clean. The staff was fantastic. Great servers and bartenders. We had 24 people and had a wedding and a birthday while we were down there. We ate dinner at the buffet and they brought a birthday cake and then we went to the a la carte the same night and they brought another cake. The next day was the wedding and everything was beautiful.The food was fantastic. Croissants and donuts and breads, cold cuts, salads, ice cream and soft serve, eggs done numerous ways, pasta, chicken, lobster,shrimp, perch, hamburgers, hot dogs, fries, pizza and on and on. I'm a very picky eater and I ate well at every meal.We did the Saona excursion as well as Dolphin Island and both were well worth the money.I'm planning on going back next year.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smitchyboy
<Content>First Class All The Way My wife and I were at the Riu Bambu from 21st April-5th May, 2005. I kept an eye on the reviews before we left and was a little concerned about some of the negatives. It turned out that we did not experience anything negative what so ever at the Riu Bambu.The food was great, the pool was beautiful, the beach spectacular, the workers were friendly and attentive. Drinks were fantastic and if they don't put enough liquor in your drink they just bring the bottle over and pour til you say stop (alto). The rooms are absolutely immaculate, bordering sterile. I also never spoke to anybody who was having any health/stomach problems and only saw 1 cockroach the whole week.Remember that unless you are a Dominican you are in a foreign country and it will not be like home. We have stayed at other RIU hotels and they are all great, the Bambu and ALL the staff make for a perfect holiday.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cancunkid
<Content>Had a great time!!!! My hsuband and I went to the Riu Bambu from Apr 29 - May 6. We have been to the Punta Cana many times and this hotel rates the same as the Sunscapes. I won't re-iterate everything else that has been said, only point out different areas. A very nice place to eat lunch is at the Pizzeria on Caribbean Street. This restaurant actually has the lovliest view of all of the restaurants. The first day we had lunch at the MamaJuana and I was disappointed as I like a view while I eat. The Pizzeria is only a 5 minute walk down the beach and has all of the same food as the MamaJuana only it is not as crowded and you can sit and look at the beach and the beautiful turquoise water. You can make reservation to go to the Caribe Grill which is a part of the Riu Palace, the food was very good. There is a BBQ on the beach on Saturday which is quite good, but the line becomes long to get food and it becomes picked over towards the end. The beach was beautiful, but the water did tend to become cloudy and would get some seagrass in it. If you walk down the beach to the right past Bahia Principe, there is a beautiful beach where there are no hotels and the water is crystal clear where you can see your feet while you swim and it feels like you are walking on such soft sand in the bottom.My only two complaints about the hotel are that the beds are hard as rocks and the pillows are very flat. I can honestly say that neither my husband nor myself had a good nights sleep while we were there. We were stiff and sore each morning. There is only a sheet and a thin bedspread on the beds which left me shivering everynight.The other thing is that this hotel definately needs a beach bar. We are beach people and it is quite a hall up to the bar. We brought our insulated mugs, but it was still a pain everytime you wanted a drink. If you walked down the beach, there are other resorts that have nice beach bars down near the beach, so I think that this is something that they need to look into.We had a nice vacation, but there are too many other hotels and areas to explore that I usually don't return to the same resort. If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail me at CancunKidd@hotmail.com  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>badgerdude
<Content>Had a Great time April 23 - 30       Main Pool and Pool Bar  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Luckydog05
<Content>Bambu is Awesome! I don't know where to start, but I don't understand all of the bad reviews this hotel has received. My husband and I stayed at the Bambu from 4/22 to 4/29 and had an glorious week. The hotel was exceptionally clean, the food was great both of us gained about 10 pounds. We never saw any bugs, mosquitos, etc. Nor did we get the virus either. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable. The rooms were clean and spacious. We kept all of our important items in the safe and never had any thing stolen. The front desk called our room everyday to see if we were happy or if there was anything that we needed. You can't say enough about the beachs...they are beautiful. The bartenders were great, especially Eduardo. If you didn't like a drink it was no problem to get another one. This was our second trip to Punta Cana and we would definitely return to the Bambu. We went to the spa on the carribean street and did the Outback Safari tour. I highly recommend both. It was a wonderful week of rest, relaxation and pure enjoyment. We are counting the days until we book our next trip to Punta Cana and the Bambu. I will be happy to answer any questions about the RIU's.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic !!!!!!!! My husband and I were at the Riu Bambu from March 25-April 1, 2005. I kept an eye on the reviews before we left and was a little concerned about some of the negatives. It turned out that we did not experience anything negative what so ever at the Riu Bambu.The food was great, the pool was beautiful, the beach spectacular, the workers were friendly and attentive. Drinks were fantastic and if they don't put enough liquor in your drink they just bring the bottle over and pour til you say stop (alto). The rooms are absolutely immaculate, bordering sterile. I also never spoke to anybody who was having any health/stomach problems and only saw 1 mosquito the whole week.The only thing I have to criticize is that the rooms are very loud. The floors are ceramic tile in the halls and in the room so all the sound travels and gets amplified. So if you are going to sleep in and get rest, stay home or sleep under a palm tree on the beach.Remember that unless you are a Dominican you are in a foreign country and it will not be like home. That is what I love about vacations, getting away from home. If you want a US 5 star vacation like the Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons or the Bellagio in Las Vegas then go there and pay those prices. The Riu Bambu does a spectacular job!!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice resort! I just returned from the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana, DR. I am a travel consultant and have been in the business for almost 20 years. This was my first trip to Punta Cana, and it was amazing! After reading the good and bad reviews, I thought I would give you my point of view being in the travel industry.The Riu Bambu is situated on lovely Bavaro Beach. It takes about 35 minutes by bus from the airport to the hotel.The Riu Bambu is very clean and safe. You can walk for miles on the beautiful white sandy beach in either direction.The Animation staff at this hotel is young and energetic. They work very hard, long hours, and always have a smile on their faces. From early morning to late at night you will always see them around the resort having some sort of fun with the guests.The resort is landscaped very neatly, and is maintained well. All of the rooms are set back from the beach area, so it doesn't matter whatbuilding block you are in. All buildings are only two stories. All rooms havebalconies or patios. The rooms themselves are very basic, but clean. When you walk into your room there is an ON/OFF switch that controls the power. Every day when the maid cleaned our room she turned OFF this switch. So every day when we went back into the room we had to turn it ON, and reset the Clock so we knew what the correct time was.The sheets were never changed the whole week, but I hear that is fairly common in the Dominican.They supply you with a gallon of water to use for drinking and brushing your teeth. You cannot drink the water from the tap. There is an in-room safe and mini bar as well as four different bottles of liquor (Rum, Vodka, Gin, Whiskey) that you can mix with the beverages in the mini-bar.They restock the minibar every other day, but when we were there it was only restocked one time the entire week. They mostly have Pepsi products in the minibar, but the day they restocked ours, they left adiet Coke. I think that you can probably ask for specific sodas if youcould communicate with the maid in spanish.There are no wash clothes at this hotel, so I would bring your own.They hotel still uses regular keys (not key cards like you find in most hotels these days). They also give you a lock and key for the safe. There is no charge for use of the safe. If you don't return the key/lock at check out they do charge a fee of $50.00.The staff is very friendly, but they don't speak english very well.They give you towel cards to trade in at the pool cabana for towels. You must return the towels in order to get the cards back. At check out they will want these towel cards back, or you will be charged $20.00 per card.The food in the Colonial Restaurant (buffet) was great. There was always a salad bar, and plenty of choices for all desires. The food options were changed nightly, but they still had the standards every night, pizza, salad bar, and french fries. There are two other speciality restaurants, a Steak house and Mediterranean Restaurant. We liked the food so much in the buffetrestaurant we didn't make reservations to dine in the speciality ones.I was a little confused on how the dining process worked the first night.You are given a dining card at check in. There are two sittings at the Colonial Restaurant, 6:30pm until 8:30pm or 8:30pm until 10:30pm.If you picked the first sitting, that was the one you always had togo to. You could show up anytime during those two hours fordinner, and your table assigned to you would always be available.If you wanted to eat in one of the speciality restaurants you had toget to the Colonial Restaurant between 7am-10am that day to makethe arrangements for that night. You could eat during the day at any of the other Riu Hotels next door, except for the Riu Palace Macao. We ate in the beach restaurant called Mama Jawanna's every day for lunch.I would suggest that you get there right at 12:30pm when it opens.The food is fresh and hot. The longer it sits, the food isn't replenishedoften and it gets cold. Otherwise, there is the standard salad bar, hot dogs, hamburgers, and some sort of fish or chicken, french fries and a hot veggie served daily. They also have a soft serve ice cream machine in this restaurant which is only open during the daytime. They shut it down about4pm.In the bar La Plaza there is a self service drink machine for sodas or juices. This is open 24/7. They even have club soda on this machine andyou will find limes everywhere, no lemons. They serve Pepsi products.They also have this same self service drink machine in the Mama Jawanna's Restaurant.One comment on ordering a mixed drink. You have to ask forthe alcohol in it, otherwise they will automatically serve it to youas a virgin drink. Once again, communication can be an issue if you don't speak spanish.The entertainment at the Riu Bambu was great. They have a fantastic group of dancers that performed shows every night about 9:45pm in the open air showroom for about one hour. The costumes are wonderful, and the talent is truly incredible. They try to change it up every few weeks so you don't see the same show twice.There is a disco on the property, but we didn't go as it doesn't get started until 11:30pm every night.The Riu Bambu was a great resort, and I would definitely go back.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu Never Again... I stayed at the bambu from april 14th to the 28th.There was 38 of us down for a wedding and let me tell you I will never return to the bambu and that includes the other 37 of us.Hmmm where do I start? The first night we arrived we had a few drinks and went to dip our feet in the ocean one of us took off our shoes when we got back the shoes were gone,The main bar la plaza had a rotten fruit smell and made it very difficult to even order a drink we usually opted for the other bars to get our drinks.The beds and linen were very uncomfortable the air conditioner had a very bad smell of mold coming out of it when it was on and the shower smelled of mildew.When you go to have a shower at certain hours there was no hot water.should I keep going? Day 3 my razor and mach3 blades went missing on day 8 my digital camera went missing I left it out to charge in the room and when I told management they said they are not responsable and there was no way anyone took it.One other thihg that happened was one our friends was eaten alive while sleeping by some sort of bed bugs one actually crawled in his ear and gave him an infection his head swelled right up 300 american later.I could go on and on and on.One thing that is fore sure they lost 38 custumers that will never return to this resort I would rate this resort maybe a 2 or 3 star but by no strech of the imagination a 5star.hope this helps.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cherryfan
<Content>Ignore the moaners! We had a great holiday will no illness! - We had ice in every drink and ate all foods with no problem. Food was very good and plenty of choice unless of course you pile your plate up with everything every day, then of course it would be the same! The meals we had in the Steak house were great, we enjoyed the mixed grill on 2 occassions, though perhaps too many starters which left me too full up to give justice to the main course. There were branded drinks on offer at the bars so I dont know how people can moan, perhaps some people will moan about anything, you certainly didn't have to tip to get anything decent - we didn't tip until the last day and we were treated like close friends all the holiday. Sometimes being friendly and polite gets you the service (we did notice that a lot of people were rude to the staff and treated them like slaves!) This was our 3rd visit to the Dom Rep and we had a great time, but then we go with the intension of having a great time. The rooms were very clean and the maid was brilliant. The only thing I think that could justify a moan would be the building site next door and the extensive hours they worked. If you have booked go and enjoy, remember this is NOT AMERICA it is a poor country the steak will not be the same, even here in England we could probually not serve up the ideal 'ribeye' but then if that is what you want book a hotel in America.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unfriendly staff hotel is beautifull and food is pretty good, but staff was not very friendly.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mr-raoul
<Content>Disappointing for the Dollar Just back this afternoon...really had higher expectations of a 4 star resort than was delivered. To be fair...the management staff was exceptional in most cases...otherwise it took two days and four calls to get extra pillows. We found the maid asleep in our bed upon arrival to a room that was not ready (but at least she looked rested)...after that she managed to make it around about every other day to clean. The beds are incredibly hard...sheets are short and the pillows are about equal to those the airlines use. I'm really not being picky folks...others there with us (strangers) offered the same complaints. The rooms were nicely furnished...mini bar had pop, tonic, club soda, pepsi/diet, 7up Presidentia beer (not bad)..and four bottles of liquor in a wall dispenser. If you are expecting good booze on this all inclusive trip..bring your own. The whiskey tastes like weak brandy, the Brandy tastes like carmel rum, the rum tastes like cleaning fluid and smells like rubbing alchohal. Most drinks ordered at the bars had little to no noticeable booze in them...unless you asked and then it was a good idea to tip a buck. The only top shelf stuff seen was Johnny Walker red and Smirnoff...both pretty much kept under the counter. Food in the main buffet each night was similar...edible but became soso after a few days. Roast lamb was out of this world as was pasta offerings...stayed away from most fresh veg/fruit...had no gastro problems...many things are fried from the ham to pineapple to bananas to cheese...all carried an odd taste...fish like....see what you think. Coffee was incredible. Mexican Night was a new experience...the waiters somberos were the most authentic parts...the dishes were good...but not what you would expect. BBQ night was the best of all...pork, beef, chicken straight off the charcoal grill....waiters were all very gracious and attentive...they could not have worked harder. The ala carte restaurants...the Med. and Steak House were grand disapointments especially when they tried to pass off a round steak as a Ribeye...We left mid meal and found others who noticed the same. Caribe grill was the best meal of the week...service, quality...great job. Overall...let me just say the basic little ham/cheese sandwich served on the plane ride home was a culinary highlight of the week. Beach was fantastic...weather great...people nice...in my opinion they still have their work to do to earn the 4 stars they supposedly have. We heard of no one getting sick while there except some kids...which can happen anywhere. But with the water undrinkable...they tell you not to even brush your teeth with it...it is not a good destination for small children/infants or folks in less than good health. I have traveled extensively in the region both resort and cruise line...love the waters...seen the good,bad,ugly...this is not a bad place...they have work to do...we will take our dollars elsewhere next time.Will be happy to answer any questions.Hope Your next trip is the best !Raoul  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome beach My husband and I both stayed at the Bambu from Wednesday 30 March to Wednesday 6 April. I had been very anxious after reading the previous reviews about this complex and to be honest I never truly relaxed the whole time I was there, waiting to come down with the virus. Although I can say that neither of us were sick, we have both suffered with pretty bad diarrhoea and stomach pains during the holiday and still now, a week after returning from holiday. Luckily though we suffered nothing worse than this and on the whole it did not spoil the holiday.I don't understand the previous reviews about the rooms being small, all I can say is they must be used to mansions as we both thought the room was a good size. There were two double beds pushed together, plenty of wardrobe and drawer space, and certainly enough room to move around. I was very impressed with the room, which was very clean and nicely maintained. I agree about the bathroom - on opening the door the toilet is directly behind but if you're in the bathroom with the door closed this is not a problem and there is enough room in there for what you need.The staff were extremely helpful. On arrival we had our case taken to our room for us, very quickly. After about 5 minutes in the room reception rang to ask if everything was okay. We asked for more pillows and to change the bottles of Pepsi to Diet Pepsi. Within a short space of time both of these were delivered, and reception rang again to check the request had been dealt with. All through the holiday we would just ring if we needed more water or anything and they promptly dealt with any requests.The beach as described by other reviewers is truly breathtaking - I don't normally like swimming in the sea, but here you wouldn't want to do anything else as it is crystal clear and the sand is a beatiful white which goes directly into the sea with no pebbles or uneven surfaces, perfect in fact. It stretches for miles either side of the resort, but after walking up the beach in both directions, my husband and I both agreed that the beach at the Bambu was by far the best. There was never any problem in getting a sun lounger as there are plenty to go around.The pool areas weren't as good as other hotels we've been to but we didn't really spend much time there. The pool with the swim up bar was always very busy and very loud - we did go there one afternoon and enjoyed a couple of drinks and the atmosphere but for the most part we preferred the peace and quiet of the beach.This hotel really does have everything to suit all tastes. If you want an active holiday there are plenty of facilities and loads of entertainment, but if you want a quiet holiday the beach is lovely and quiet and nobody disturbs you so you really can have the best of both worlds. We didn't see much of the evening entertainment being too tired after long days but it seemed to be okay, and it's nice to sit out under the stars with a cocktail in your hand.I agree with other reviewers that the food wasn't brilliant. There is a lot of choice if you like Mediterranean type food and the food is adequate in itself, but to be honest there wasn't much that appealed to me, especially at lunchtime when it was the same thing every day - burgers, sausages, toasties, chips and some salad. Very repetitive and if I had been there two weeks I would have been fed up with the choice of food.We did two excursions organised through Thomson - the monster truck safari which is a great day out and definitely worth the money. I wish now that i had taken out some gifts for the children as it breaks your heart to see them waiting at the side of the road. Just small things like pencils and crayons are gratefully received. One tip wear old clothes on the trip as it gets very dusty and dirty on the truck and you end up looking worse for wear by the end of it, but definitely the best way to see the true Dominican Republic.We also did the speed venture trip which involved driving speed boats out to a platform where you went snorkelling from. I loved the speed boat, I drove on the way out and my husband drove back. They call it the James Bond trip and you do feel a bit like an action hero putting the boat into full throttles. Ladies, have a go, it's truly exhilirating. The snorkelling was brilliant too - the fish are fabulous and there are so many. This was my first go at snorkelling and you are given a guide to every 4 people so he takes you out and shows you where to go.There is so much more I could say about this place, but to cap it off, I will say that it was a fabulous resort - very clean with plenty of facilities, a to die for beach, fabulous weather (in the 30s every day) and helpful staff. Only slight complaints would be about the food and obviously the concern over the virus. Not sure if it was the virus that gave my husband and I stomach upsets and it wasn't so bad to ruin the holiday but it has marred it slightly.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time! We had a great time at the Bambu. We had never been to Punta Cana before and enjoyed its beauty and people. We had a second-floor room, so it had cathedral ceilings. That coupled with the fact that the room was large to begin with provided for a great home base for the week. The main restaurant was an impressive setting for meals each day, but when we did want to dine at the others, it was not a problem getting reservations. The only problem is they only take reservations for the specialty restaurants early in the morning, so if you're a late sleeper, this could be a challenge. The food is different as most food is when you travel outside of the U.S., but we were all able to find items throughout the week we liked. Re: the pool: it is diificult to find seats around the pool, so we generally sat out by the beach. The beach is gorgeous and getting a chair is no problem. There is no one to bring drinks to you, so you need to walk quite a ways back from the beach in order to get a drink. If you've stayed at all-inclusives before, then you're already familiar with the nightly entertainment provided here. The children's club was disappointing - it seemed very disorganized. A word of advice: DO NOT DRINK THE WATER IN YOUR ROOM! Do not drink it, brush your teeth with it, open your mouth while in the shower, etc. Even though the hotel warns you about this, we met more than one person who did not heed this warning and came down with stomach problems. We had no problems, whatsoever, even with two small children.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good time! We just arrived back from the Riu Bambu. We arrived on 3/27/05 and departed on 4/3/05. The hotel is very pretty, the beach and pool are beautiful and the staff are all very friendly. If you're going to spend most of your time on the beach then you'll love it. I scuba dived 3 of the days and the conditions were so so. Catalina Island dives (which requires a full day because of travel) were just ok. The instructors are all very nice and professional.The food other than breakfast was not very good. It was difficult to find a good meal at dinner. My daughter was sick the first night from the food and luckily it only lasted one day. I guess it's the way the food is prepared that didn't sit well with us.Overall I would rate the experience a 3 out of 5. If you're going to beach it, you'll have a great time.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sallyvos
<Content>Awesome beaches! Hard-working Staff! Went to Bambu w/ my husband and 2 boys (4  7) 3/26-4/2. Had a great relaxing time along with my husbands father and his family. Best part was the weather... and ABOVE ALL the beaches and pools!! PERFECT! The weather was never too hot, never too cold. Hardly no humidity, and not a bug in sight (100% better compared to SC!) The staff never stops cleaning! One guy was even cleaning the statues at the pool while we sat there. When you put down your empty glass, it seems to literally disappear. They are so stealth-like when they clean ;-) but you definately notice the results of their efforts! VERY VERY clean resort.The food was okay. Very plentiful, very nicely displayed, but it's not the quality we're accustomed to in the States. Not sure if it was the resort or the Island in general. We ate at 2 other resorts and it was pretty much the same. Fish wasn't that great, steaks were a bit chewy, unless you indulge in the stir-fry type dishes, etc. It was not bad by far, and it doesn't take away at all from our experience there. The beach at here at Bambu was by far the best out of any of them we've seen. Other people actually came to Bambu because they liked it better than their own resort. The pool bar was great also!I've read reviews about the stairs being dangerous and that other people witnessed some falls during their stay, so I watched out for that and didn't notice anything UNTIL, after a (very) brief rain shower, we witnessed 2 falls within 15 minutes (one was by a hotel employee). Looked like it hurt, but they seemed to be okay, more embarassed than anything. So be careful on that note.The hotel rooms were a bit small, especially with 4 of us. The queen beds were about the size of aFull size mattress. One other note on the room....They didn't seem to understand what a washcloth was. Other people at the resort said the same. It took a day or 2 to get one delivered. They kept giving us more hand towels when we asked for them. I think they either didn't have many, or we were just are poor at explaining our needs. So you may want to pack an extra one in case. But overall Rooms VERY clean!Chairs at the beach are plentiful, but at the pool, they seem to get snatched up quickly (even though it seems like a ton are there), so reserve one early by placing your beach towel on one before you head to breakfast. Bring stomach medicine. Nothing major, but if you buy it at the market there, they are about $1.50/tablet. My father in law and husband got a stomach bug for a day or so, ...but nothing some tablets didn't cure. Most likely just from traveling and the change of diet (or that they wouldn't stop drinking and eating!! ;-) . Things are expensive there when you do buy something, so bring any medicine you may need. I am a freak when it comes to getting sick and keeping things clean, and I didn't feel as though that bug was from the water... as we stayed away from that and the resort was cleaner than clean. Just merely giving a tip on bringing any medicine you might need. Also: The jewely guys that come there, ....Expect to bargain. ie: a necklace and braclet that one guy wanted $230US for, I got down to $30US. So be sure you drive a hard bargain and walk away. They WILL call you back!What I thought was funny....My children are bleach blondes and the staff wouldn't stop touching there hair whenever they walked by. Apparantly they don;t see that too often, as they found it facinating. My children started playing games and ducking every time a worker would walk by to mess up their hair. My kids loved the workers there!The staff goes beyond their call of duty (of a 12+ working day).. Don't be surprised when you see the guy who waits on you for breakfast is the same guy who waits on you at the 8:30pm dinner!! Ready to serve with a nice smile and Hola'. We even had a Mariache' (sp?) trio come by and play for us at our table during dinner. So awesome! Our FunJet rep said many workers on D.R. make only $9/day (per DAY!) They still seem more happy at their jobs than most people who make more than that per hour in the States. They deserve a good tip and a pat on the back for all their hard work, so be sure to tip them when they help you out! A dollar to them makes them smile and remember you for the rest of the trip.Overall: Totally recommend Riu Bambu! Beaches awesome, drinks plentiful, resort cleaner than clean. GREAT GREAT People! Enjoy...  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1sungoddess
<Content>Great Time at Riu Bambu We were at the Riu Bambu fro March 25-April 1. This was our third time to Punta Cana and we have been to many other islands and all inclusive resorts. The last two times we were in Punta Cana we stayed at Iberostar. The Riu Bambu was a very nice resort and I really don't have to many complaints. We were so worried about getting sick and we almost switched resorts. We decided to brave it and go and I am glad we did. We did not get sick or see anyone who did. We took purell and cleaned our hands continuosly and we also took lysol wipes and cleaned our entire room upon arrival. I think if you use common sense and good hygeine you will be fine. The rooms were small but clean. What I look for in a resort is the beach and words can't describe how beautiful this beach is. The water is so blue/green and the sand so soft and white and so many plam trees....it truly is paradise!! This is the prettiest beach I have ever stayed on. The water was very warm and you can run or walk for miles. The weather was beautiful in the mid 80's and sunny everyday, not one drop of rain with a great breeze so you are never uncomfortably hot. We tipped the maids each day but we were always missing something we needed. I took note cards and wrote in spanish if we needed more of something but it was not left. We never were left enough towels for our family and were missing shampoo or other items. I decided to tip when I really liked a person and not to ensure good service. We always tipped the bartenders or wait staff, they were so friendly and always took great care of us. They were also so nice to our children ages 7 and 9. The food was ok, there was a variety and it was always hot or cold if supposed to be. The lines tend to be long at mealtime and a lot of rude people who think they can cut in front (yes some of these people were American not just European). You will choose between 6:30 or 8:30 to be your seating time and you will sit at the same table each night. You must make your special restaurant reservations very early on the day you want them. Get there by 7 am if you want to reserve for it fills up fast. The pizzaria is no different from the main snack bar so don't waste your time. The kids really enjoyed the ice cream and the pizza. Carribean street is nice and but a little expensive and I found that they can be very selective as to what they understand. I know a little spanish and some pretended they didn't understand. They can also try to charge you the wrong price by not converting pesos to dollars correctly so beware. I recommend the carnival on Thursday night, it is festive with great live music. We didn't see any shows at night...after so many all inclusives we are sick and tired of silly shows making fools out of guests. The pool bar was great. We didn't spend a lot of time here because we love the beach so much. The pool is a great place to meet others and be entertained with games and music. The pool bartenders are great, always smiling! The service was excellent at the restaurant and bars! Overall, We really enjoyed our trip. I think you need to be open minded and remember that you are not at home and things are different. Decide what is important for you to enjoy your vacation. There are many other places I would like to try but I wouldn't say I would never go here again. The selling point would be the beach!!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luba459
<Content>No one Ever got Sick This was my second time going to this resort and I loved both times. There are palm trees all over the place so anyone can find shade when they need it and then of course get tan in the sun. The ocean is amazing and clean and clear. It was a little bit wavy but once you get out the waves just pick you up and it's fun. The pool is also clean and warm and fun to swim in, but there are a lot of children in it constantly.The food was good, anything you could want to eat. A huge vareity breakfast: donuts, eggs, cereal, bread, pastries. Lunch/dinner: hot-dogs, hamburgers, french-fries, rice, ethnic foods, pastries, fruits, salads. Everyone has something to eat always and on contrary to what was written, no one gets sick from the food!!!!!!The rooms are spacious and clean. I never saw a bug in it the room. The showers were a little bit rusty and i suggest asking for blankets before you first night because it gets a little bit cold at night. Everything in the mini-bar is included, including those big bottles of liquor.The anamacions team/entertainment team was amazing. One of the best I've seen. THey really make your stay enjoyable. They make you get up and do activities which you end up having so much fun (plus it allows you to move around so that you wont gain toooo much weight). They really work hard and it really seems like they enjoy their jobs. They work from around 9 a.m. - 11 p.m. doing all the day time activites and then the shows at night and then still have enough energy to socialize with guest after its time to go home. Then some of them even go to the disco to dance(after they go home and change clothes). The same goes for the bartenders. They are really friendly, especially eduardo and they get you anything you want and even can recomend a few drinks!!You are allowed to move around the different hotels but there really is no reason to because Riu Bambu has anything you could ever want!!!!! I am looking forward to go back there next year!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu is Numero Uno!!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax! My partner and I recently returned from a trip to the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana (3/19-3/26). After doing much research on this site, we thought it was only fair to submit a review upon our return.We traveled with a large charter group of 117, and we cannot speak for everyone, but the small group that we spent the majority of our time with had a great time. Here is our take on things:Virus / sickness: We were both freaked out about the possibility of getting sick while in Punta Cana, but it did not happen. We both ate almost anything available, but avoided the salad bar to be cautious. The ice is filtered, and the bottled water in the room is often restocked. I heard of one person out of the 117 that was sick, but it only lasted 24 hours. However, she was also affected by sun poisoning (not sure if the 2 are connected). I did know of at least 2 people who were affected by the sun, so caution should be taken with heat and exposure.The resort: The property really was beautiful. The rooms weren't huge, but they were fine. We had read some comments about the air conditioning not being very strong, but our room was very cold! Also, several people wrote that the mini bar was not cold enough, but everything in ours was so cold, they were almost frozen. The entire place was very clean. There was someone cleaning the bathroom almost every time I was in there. The beach was great, and there were plenty of lounge chairs. The pool was great, but if you wanted a chair close by, you better get up early. The resort was a little smaller than I thought, but it was quite nice.The food and drinks: The buffet was ok. The food was not like you would find in expensive restaurants, but there was a nice variety, and overall everything was good. We ate at the Mediterranean and the Caribe ala carte restaurants. The Caribe was outstanding!! It was hard to get reservations, as you have to be in line by 6:30 am if you want any chance, but it was well worth the effort! The mixed drinks were very good, but make sure to ask for alcohol. If you like dark rum, the Barcela was good. There is some top shelf alcohol available if you ask for it. The beer was ok. The wine was not great.Activities, etc: The animation crew worked very hard doing games and dancing, and seemed like they worked the entire day and night. The staff at the bars was friendly, and communication was not a problem.Other: Many of the other guests were European and Canadian, but it didn't seem like a big deal. As far as excursions, the dolphin swimming was overrated. It was kind of neat, but you were only in the water with them for a few minutes. I heard the Outback Safari was well worth it. The disco on Caribbean street was a lot of fun.Overall: We enjoyed our time at the Bambu. I spent most of the time laying on the beach, or at the pool. There was not a lot of opportunity to leave the resort. If you like to go into town, and be more active, this may not be the choice for you. If you want a comfortable place to relax on the beach, enjoy drinks at the pool, and hang out with friends, it is great. Almost everyone that I spoke with felt the same way.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HandHandB
<Content>Our RIU Bambu Experience RIU Bambu ReportWe returned from a two week stay at the RIU Bambu in Punta Cana last week. We were a group of 4 adults and 4 children (ages 5, 7, 8, 10). My husband and I have been to the Caribbean 19 times and also have done 5 cruises so feel we have a good base to evaluate this holiday.On a scale of 1 (poor) to 10 (excellent), I would give the Bambu a 4. For reference purposes, we stayed at the RIU Yucatan in Mexico last year and I would rate it a 9. We booked the Bambu because we were soooo impressed with the RIU in Playa del Carmen last year.We travelled with Sunquest and our flights both ways were excellent. Both flights were on time, reasonable plane food and an outstanding travel rep at the resort.The beach was excellent, probably a bit better than the one in Mexico. It was huge, nicely wavy and had few 鈥測ellow鈥?flag days. However, some days the water was full of natural debris which made swimming less enjoyable. We related it to swimming in a 鈥渟alad bar鈥? Obviously this was a natural occurrence that could not have been corrected by the staff.Our room was fine. We had extra beds so that everyone had their own and this filled the room. The washroom was small and the door had to be closed in order to sit on the toilet. The rooms were kept very clean and the temperature controls worked well.The grounds were nice but not nearly as impressive as Mexico. The resort seems much smaller then the RIU Yucatan and the vegetation isn鈥檛 nearly as lush. Although you have access to the other RIU resorts, we found them all to be a carbon copy of one another. Same food, same drinks, etc. We did visit the others and even ventured into the Palace after being told we couldn鈥檛. I would have felt VERY ripped off to have paid the much higher price of the Palace, only to receive much the same as was available at the Bambu. Also, the pool at the Palace was very disappointing.The pools at the Bambu were quite good. The main pool was larger and warmer then we found in Mexico, but this may be because we visited later in the year. The swim-up-bar is always a nice touch.The drinks at the Bambu were just mediocre. After the first two days, the sweet cocktails lose their appeal. The beer wasn鈥檛 great, especially the beer in the room fridges. The wine was inconsistent, sometimes not bad, and sometimes awful. They didn鈥檛 have the ingredients or expertise to make a Caesar or similar. If you asked for a drink, you were never sure exactly what you would get as each bartender seemed to have his/her own recipe.The food was my biggest complaint. The resort has this strange cooking oil smell in the air and it literally turns your stomach. I found I couldn鈥檛 even look at the food after the first week without feeling ill. We have run into this 鈥渟mell鈥?issue before and it is very difficult to explain but very bothersome. We ate at the buffet for breakfast each day. There were lots of choices and the breads were excellent. Again, it was the smell that could put you off. I was disappointed that you couldn鈥檛 get 鈥渞eal鈥?juice at breakfast (only the premixed crystals or a smoothie that was fresh fruit mixed with ice and blended). Lunch was at the Mamajuana and was also buffet style. We did go to the Pizzeria once for lunch but found it exactly like the Mamajuana lunch buffet. The choices for lunch were much fewer then we had in Mexico, with a few hot items, a small salad bar and a few dessert items. We love ethnic food and are not picky eaters but we found the food to be greasy and 鈥渟trange鈥? Even common items like burgers and hotdogs looked unappetizing while floating in some 鈥渕ystery鈥?liquid. The ice cream was outstanding but the desserts were very limited and poor. Again, Mexico did a much better job in the dessert line (I gained 7 pounds in Mexico and lost 9 pounds in the Dominican).Dinner in the buffet restaurant was very spread out and confusing. Could take you 10 minutes to get what you wanted and get back to the table. The made-to-order food stations advertised were really just pots holding pre-cooked items. I found dinner to be the most offensive for the mystery 鈥渟mell鈥? I love veggies and didn't find a single edible one in the whole two weeks - they were either raw (was afraid to try these due to illness concerns) or so overcooked they had turned to mush. The breads were excellent, the custom carved meats were usually good but all else was unpredictable. The theme nights were ok at best. The Mexican food was no where near what it was in Mexico, the BBQ night was quite good and the local night was disgusting. We ate at the three specialty restaurants and found one night the Grill was excellent but the next visit the SAME food was poor (perhaps a different chef?), the steakhouse was ok and the Mediterranean was mediocre depending on what was ordered. We love to eat fish while on holidays as we don鈥檛 have access to it much at home. After my third fish meal at the Bambu, I avoided it. It was greasy, overcooked and tasted like it had been previously frozen. Last comment about the meals, the staff hygiene doesn鈥檛 measure up to Canadian standards, with staff not using gloves and moving from wiping up a dirty surface to cooking something without washing hands in between.We did get ill even though we took all precautions. We don鈥檛 feel the resort is responsible but wanted to mention that the illness still exists and most people we talked with had also experienced it. The good thing was that it only lasted 24 hours and then you felt fine. Every theory in the book has been given to this illness but I am quite bothered that almost everyone gets sick at this 5 star resort.The staff were either genuinely friendly, unfriendly or totally fake. It was this third category that bothered me most. They said the right stuff but there was no feeling to it. The staff in Mexico far surpassed the Bambu for customer service. I was bothered by the fact that the male staff was way too friendly with young, single females. I would not feel comfortable travelling to this resort if I had young daughters. One of our biggest complaints is that the staff (including Wellington, the head manager) went around telling guests to put excellent on their weekly staff evaluations! What is the point of an evaluation system when you are being told what to put (ie if you don鈥檛 put excellent for everything, people will lose their jobs, etc). I felt this pressure was totally unprofessional and out-of line.We only did one day trip which was called Bavaro Splash. You drive your own speed boats and then go snorkelling at a reef. We did a similar excursion in Cuba a few years back and were much happier with it. The boats in the Dominican were in very poor condition and our motor kept cutting in and out. The reef was pretty much dead and you saw only a few small fish while snorkelling. We were very concerned by the total disregard for safety on this trip (ie they had people hopping from one boat to another, had way too many people in a boat and the guides would swim among the speed boats while the propellers were still spinning). The trip was over $150 Canadian for 2 adults and one child which we felt was out-of-line considering the above and the fact that it was only a three hour tour. All other tours were also overpriced and we chose to avoid them due to both cost and a fear of safety issues.Overall, we had a decent holiday. You make what you can of the situation, highlight the positive and try to minimize the negative. Personally, we won鈥檛 be returning to the Bambu, I don鈥檛 feel comfortable recommending it to others and will avoid the Dominican for future vacations. Having experience many other islands, we find the Dominican Republic to have missed the boat on tourism. Everything is overpriced (from souvenirs to daytrips to the $20 per person departure tax) and there is no sign that ANY of this money is going back into the development of the island鈥檚 tourism. The roads are filthy, full of potholes, garbage is strewn everywhere and you just don鈥檛 feel safe off of the resort. I will return to places where, although poor, you feel welcome and you feel that your travel dollars are being put towards improvement.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>yorktowner
<Content>Best Time of My Life! Our group of 24 just returned from a week at the riu bambu, march 19 thru march 26. this was my first time out of the country and was very anxious about it, especially after reading the forums and the bad reviews and the sickness people got. i am so glad i ignored and that we went. what a beautiful place, the people were so wonderful at the hotel my 14 year old said that she wished dominicans would come to the united states to teach people how to be nice! our children ranged in age from 18 (four on their senior trip) and 16, 15, 14 and 12. when we first got there, we were worried about our children since the place was so big and insisted they stay together and check in. by the third day we didn't worry anymore as we felt so safe and the kids had made friends with most of the staff. some of us weren't that crazy about the food but why would you go on a resort for just the food? i told my kids that there were so many cultures there that they had to have a big variety and they never went hungry as long as they had their french fries. this was the first time i never wanted to come home. it was about wednesday when all of us started planning our trip for next year. take my advice GO- it is so worth it  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Vacation - March Break We also just got back on Friday March 25, after spending one week at the Riu Bambu. First of all the weather was great, hot, sunny just what we went down for. Check-in: Our rooms were ready when we got there (11:30 am) a first! We were very pleased and it was fast, efficient and courteous. Food: There was always a great variety of food, nicely presented. The BBQ night was amazing, but overall the food again was great. The restaurants were a nice break from the regular buffet but you need to reserve early. I lined up at 6:45 am one morning to reserve for 7:00 pm dinner, when in Rome do as the Romans, I was not the only one! The wine was watered down though, as with most all inclusive properties, but we don't drink much so it worked out fine.Pool Area: There were three pools, one larger one with a swim-up bar, one smaller one primarily used by children and another one in the kid's club which was great for really young children 1 - 3 years old. We found even though there are signs which indicate not to reserve chairs around the pool areas people still did. The best spots are usually taken by 8:30am! There are plenty of chairs by the beach which was not a problem. Beach: If you want the beach, it is gorgeous, white sand, great for taking a nice walk, at least one hour. And the breeze made it comfortable. Staff do clean the beach area as well along with the property. They were painting the main check-in area while we were there. Nice to see they do keep it up.Kids Club: As parents, it was our biggest disappointment. One woman who was terrific, Angela did not come in until Monday and the other individuals really did not look like they wanted to be there. They spoke little English, no German (lots of German tourists were there). Spanish was the only way you could communicate with them, but the kids did not seem to mind as much. The kids happily went to the kid's club when they met Angela. She spoke English/German/Spanish and she kept the kids busy with games and interacting with one-another. She was Really Super! Would have been great right from the get-go. Take-Away: Johnny by the pool/bar area also makes customized T-Shirts which are excellent for all ages; he is amazing and extremely talented. My son wanted a hockey player on the beach, well, he got an amazing one. He can even paint photos of people. Worth it! Fitness facility: Quite good, but it is not air-conditioned. Equipment: One tread-mill with weights, two stationary bikes, free-weights and weight-machines. The heat made it hard to work-out so I would recommend early in the AM to do so, if you are keen!Accommodation: The regular hotel rooms are small, beds are very uncomfortable, washroom was very small and needed painting. But the staff cleaned them very well. I cannot say we had that 'moldy' smell we have encountered at some other properties. There was nothing like that here. They also brought jugs of water to your room as you cannot drink the water from the taps.We were really concerned about the 'sickness' everyone seemed to be getting (in the reviews) so we were extra cautious and brought with us Gravol, Tylenol, Immodium/Keopectate (sp?) etc. for ourselves and the kids. Yes, we did end up using the items for the kids as my son (7) and daughter (5) got ill a bit of fever and the 'runs' (one day only). But I do feel it was a combination of not drinking enough fluids and too much sun and not any 'bug'. Rule of thumb don't over do it with food/booze, nothing worse than getting sick away from home. I would still strongly insist on taking an 'emergency' kit with OTC (over-the-counter) meds with you including Aloe for sunburns as it really came in handy. We were also advised during the orientation, the in-house Dr. at the property would charge $100 US just to give you a medical consultation, this does not include having him prescribe something and then purchasing their meds. Note Leaving the Country: You will have to pay an exit (airport) tax $20US per person. Ensure you put this aside or bring extra funds as even though tips are included, they are still subtly expected and preferably in US funds! Money does go quickly! Overall, the Riu Bambu was great. We have stayed at other Riu properties before and will more than likely go to another Riu again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun Place BUT.... Nice resort with an incredible beach. Service was excellent with a helpful, enthusiastic staff. Very-very clean.However, the virus lives. Five of seven got sick which puts the victim down for a day. I don't think it has anything to do with the food; its more like a 24 hour bug.This really is a very nice place and I don't think this problem is due to anything in particular that they are doing wrong. It's just there and probably needs time to run its course.Its definitetly the nicest RIU of the five on the complex.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hurlbut
<Content>Great vacation -great weather Just got back from the RIU Bambu yesterday (March 19th 2005) We were there for a week. I had read a lot of the reviews and was concerned about the so called sickness that was supposed to be at the Bambu. My husband and I have been to Dominican 4 other times and have always had wonderful vacations, so we hoped that this was going to follow suit. The checkin was easy and our room was ready. We were a ways away from the front of the resort but figured that it was not anything to get upset over. The room was adequate. We do not expect 5 star USA hotel like rooms as we are in the Dominican. We did have a problem with the shower head that was broken and made taking a shower interesting because the water went all over the place- we reported it, but it was not taken care of . We did leave the manager a nice note detailing the things that they might want to take care of in the room for the next guest. Our feeling is that as long as the room is safe and clean, we are happy. If you are spending all your time in the room, you might as well have stayed home. The safe in the room worked and the beds were comfortable. The resort had two main bars that were tended by very happy and fun bartenders. These people work very hard for very long hours. The pools were very nice and clean. The animation staff kept things lively around the pool and beach area with contest going on if you wanted to get involved. My husband won at darts and horseshoes and was rewarded with bottles of rum. They had dance lessons and beach olympics. If you participated, you had a blast. I was able to go parasailing for $45.00 and must say that it was a wonderful experience and worth every penny. If you are into massage, they have a deal for the week. Make sure that you ask them about it on the first day and you can sign up for a massage a day for a discounted rate. The food was o.k. - We signed up for a speacial dinner night and the food was excellent. Once again, the staff works very hard to make sure that you are happy with everything. Be careful about the seafood, as we heard that some guest had trouble with it. We have never in the the 5 times that we have been to Dominican, ever gotten sick. If you are a runner, the beach is excellent - they do not have sidewalks outside of the resort to run on and you certainly don't want to compete with the traffic. There are walkways between the RIU resorts which make for good running areas. They also have a small but adequate fitness room. They have a kids section that is adorable with kids activities going on all day. There is also a Carribian Street which is next door to the Bambu and the Palace. It is a bunch of little shops. Some are expensive, but you go expecting that the prices will be a little high. Down the beach about a quarter of a mile there is a row of souveneir shops where you might be able to get a good deal. The drinks were great and the shows were entertaining and a little corny- these are the same people who have been working all day to make sure that you have a great vacation- they remember your name and never ask for money- just your participation.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oceanwaves32
<Content>Had a Fabulous time at the Riu Bambu March Break 2005 My daughter and I just returned from the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana and we had a wonderful time. I had read previous reviews from February about alot of people sick with some kind of Noro virus and I was concerned at first. However, when we were there it was great and similar to another Riu resort I went to last year. Everyone was very healthy, and having a great time from what I could see. The resort is lovely and the staff very courteous and friendly. The pools are lovely and they have a whirlpool area that is nice to sit in. We thoroughly enjoyed our meals at the buffet and we didn't even go to the a la cart restaurants because we loved the variety of food each day. You can eat at any of the restaurant buffets for lunch and breakfast except at the Palace. Our rooms were very spotless and very comfortable. We left a couple of dollars for the lady who cleaned our rooms and she made cute towel swans with hibiscus flowers or another towel design with flowers that was a nice touch. Our rooms were cleaned daily and our mini bar was stocked every other day. We enjoyed the second storey rooms and our balcony. We found that the Riu Bambu is a resort that has lots of activities each day and it's up to you how busy or relaxed you want to be there. Check in was organized and done quickly. The staff were friendly and always willing to help you. We didn't like the location of our rooms and they cheerfully found us other rooms the next day and we were quite satisfied and happy with the second rooms we had. The buildings were quiet and we had great sleeps. If you need an adapter for a curling iron etc. you can get them at the desk by just asking for them. There is an internet cafe in the main entrance right beside the desk that was very popular with my daughter. She was there at least twice a day. The grounds are well maintained with lots of palm trees and bushes and in some parts flowering bushes. There are pathways in stone or tiles to walk on in the complex and down to the beach. There is a boardwalk right across the beach that takes you past the resorts in the complex. It wasn't a really long walk eitherand it's well lit at night. There are massage tables where you can get a massage as well. At the end of the walkway is the Carribean Street with a snack bar and at the far end the Disco. The bars were great too with a variety of drinks. Service was great and the staff were lots of fun! The animation team work very hard and they have a lot of fun things to do as well such as pool aerobics, dance lessons and crazy games in the pool. The one pool has a swim up bar and a whirlpool area which is relaxing. There is also another pool for games. The beach is absolutely wonderful with light sand and a sandy bottom. The beach was cleaned for any debris(e.g. seaweed) every day. The water was a beautiful aquarmarine colour most of the time and the waves were great. There is a nice breeze on the beach which makes the temperature comfortable. I have never been to a beach as lovely as this beach. There are lots of watersports to do there as well. My daughter really liked the banana boat ride and the snorkelling trip with Scuba Caribe. Both were quite reasonably priced. There was a variety of shows in the evenings to enjoy as well as a celebration on the Carribbean Street which was fun on the last day we were there. We had a fabulous time and I would highly recommend this resort. We have been to two different Riu resorts in the Dominican and we have found the same high standards and good service. Wellington is the social director who is very helpful and he speaks 5 different languages. This was my daughter's first trip to the DR and she already wants to return to a Riu resort. We both had a fabulous vacation.D. ShirleyOntario, Canada  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful resort but beware of the sickness We just returned today from the Riu Bambu. We were very worried about going after reading all of the reviews which talked about the extent of the sickness at the resort. We can certainly vouch for that! It was quite bad. Everyone we talked to was telling us that at least one person in their family or group was sick. My seven year old daughter got sick and was vomitting violently. We had to call a doctor who came to the resort and gave her a shot in the hip to settle her tummy. She spent that whole day in bed, and was weak for the next two. Luckily for us, no one else in our family got it, well not yet anyway. It's really too bad that there is so much sickness down there because the resort itself is really very beautiful, but until this sickness thing is under control (which it certainly isn't yet!!) I wouldn't choose that as my travel destintation. The staff at the resort are blaming the flu outbreak at the resort on travellers from Canada that are bringing the flu down with them, and spreading it. However, I talked to several people from England, and Germany who were sick too. So where is it coming from, or what is causing it? That's a real mystery!?!?  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>abbylou6
<Content>holiday of a lifetime! westmids England. After much consideration me and my husband chose to spend our anniversary at the Riu Bambu. We have just returned March 17th 2005. It was the holiday i had dreamed of .The hotel was 5 star,the food was great, the room was lovely and well maintained. the weather was 30c all week The staff bent over backwards to make you feel special. We didnt see many mosquitos ,only on the Monster Truck Safari which by the way is a great day out seeing the real Dominican Rep and to be able to give the really poor people treats such as sweets pencils crayons etc i suggest you buy loads and take them with you.Also you can leave behind unwanted clothes etc. we chose to fly from Manchester with Thomson the flight going and returning was 8hrs!.A note worth considering, during our visit i found that most of the guests were American/Candaian and you guessed it the only ones you heard complaining about trivail matters lol... No one was sick and the sickness that spread across the Domincian during Jan was caused by the same virus were were all getting at home.... So ignore those other comments and enjoy..ps do take all your medicenes though and make sure any mobile you take is well topped up we found no public phone boxes and the hotel phone was 拢1.70 per minute.Amanda  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cheapbill
<Content>Don't fear the RIU We just spent 5 days during the first week of March at the RIU Bambu and given the past reviews and write up about illness my wife and I were about nervous. We saw no one sick and only person we talked to had anyone sick in their party. The place was very clean.Here is our take on RIU starting with the bad.The food overall was pretty bad especially the lunches. We joked if we come back we will bring our own snack food. The breakfast was the best meal of the day by far. The breakfast buffet was broken into separate areas based on type of breakfast, such as American, German, and pastries etc. They made fresh omlettes to order and the donuts, pancakes and French toast were hot and just made. The lunches were awful, we had one barbaque with shrimp jumbalaya, steaks (DR beef is awful!!!!) and pork. They had a couple of salads and that was it. We waited in line for about 25 minutes for this. To be fair that was the only line we stood in the entire time at RIU Bambu. The dinner buffet was pretty boring but edible. We only got to eat at the ala cart once and if we had to do it again we would have eaten there more often. One othe comment about the food, don't expect much beef. They serve mostly pork, seafood and chicken in that order. I don't think the hamburgers had beef in them!The only other problem we had with the RIU itself is that it is mainly German tourists. The Germans travel in groups so it was difficult to meet people from other parties. There was at times a language barrier with the staff at RIU although if you really needed something the front desk always had somebody that could speak english.The final issue I had is with our travel agent Fun Jet. What I didn't realize when I booked this trip is that hotels defer to the travel agents to explain things, set up tours, transporation to and from the airport and etc. When you arrive the give a quick information session. Our session with the Fun Jet rep was a full day after we arrived. So we missed out on a few things. He gave us his cell phone number and told us to call him anytime we had any problems. We didn't have big problems but we wanted to change a few things plus he was supposed to get us a phone which we gave him money for. We never saw or heard from him again after the first meeting. The cell phone went to an answering service in spanish. Everyday in lobby we did see an Apple Rep and Sun Coast rep. Guess who we will be booking through next time. The point of this is that the tour company does play a big role in the vacation so be careful.At last the Good.The beach was amazing. The water is only slightly colder then the air temp so going in and out of the water was very easy. My wife and I like walking and people watching and this was among the best places to do this. The pool and pool bar was a lot of fun. They had a ton activities to do and the staff kept it fun if you wanted to. We finished breakfast each day and never had a problem getting a chair by the pool. I had read some people complain about that but I wondered if was more sour grapes for people that slept in.The animation staff may not have been the most professional in the world but they make up for it with enthusiam. It seemed like some of them worked 16 hours a day. The shows were pretty silly but we typically were to tired to watch more then the first 15 minutes.The drinks were very good. It seemed that they mixed them with less alcohol in the day then at night. The beer was drinkable but nothing fancy. The wines were pretty sweet, I say that because I don't drink dry wine and I drank a lot of wine. But of course the best drinks had rum in them. We did a VIP tour of Sonoa Island with snorkeling from a catamaran. It was a lot fun but like most tours they have it run a lot longer then advertised. This one was supposed to be from 7am to 5:30pm. We got back at 8:30! It cost us a night at the alacarte restaurant!Most of all the staff was very helpful. The grounds keeper give away fresh coconuts and if you slip them a few dollars he will open it for you. A few dollars to your maid will get you extra pepsi's or beer's too.I can see us going back to punta cana in a few years and although I don't have any really bad experiences with RIU I think I would look around a little more and find a resort thats attracts a few more americans. A few other comments:The Casino is very small. We played nickel slots for about an hour. If you want some serious gambling then I suggest you look elsewhere.Caribbean street was a decent place to shop but we found we could get better deals from the tent vendors on the beach. For Cigars you can get a free tours of a couple of cigar factories and purchase them directly. You can and should neogiate the selling price at any vendor including the Cigar factory.The Funjet charter Ryan International Air did a very good job. They actually got us home an hour early and although the staff had worked a 17 hour day they were very pleasant and nice. I was worried since this was my first charter, turns out the charter was much nicer then the Northwest flights I typically fly.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A First Time Horror Trip !!!!!! Our Stay week of February 26th to March 5th 2005.This was my(Sandra) first trip ever to a Resort like the Riu Bambu and I must say that even though our trip co-ordinator called us all together on Sunday morning and assured us that the Virus was no longer a threat, 7 of the 8 of us in our Party were sick. I personally started getting sick on Friday morning, the day before we were to leave (5th of March) and I have been sick since we got back, running a high temp, diahrea and vomitting. It has only been the last two days that juice and some light food actually started agreeing with me. I have lost 13 lbs since my return home and even though it is always nice to loose weight, you don't want to do it because of illness. Our party started getting sick on Monday, with one girl in bed all day that day . Tuesday one of the men with us was sick but did manage to go on the Safari and have some enjoyment. Wednesday another one of the ladies in our party came down with it and was in bed all day on Thursday. Early Saturday morning another of the ladies in our group got sick and had to be taken off the plane in a wheelchair on our return to Halifax. Two of the other men had a day when they were both unable to go out and do anything. I feel that Sunquest Tours should have been more responsible in advising its patrons of the potential for really serious illness and that persons affected on this trip should be compensated in some way for the misery they experienced. As far as the Resort was concerned, language was a barrier. If you were German or Spanish you had no problem. Resorts of this stature (5*) should be able to accomodate all their patrons. We were not aware until our meeting on Sunday with our co-ordinator that there had been a problem with this resort and that they had even closed it down for a period of time. We should have been made aware of this before booking. We feel due to 7 of the 8 of us being ill and not being able to enjoy our trip that the Riu Bambu should issue a free trip to us next year to try and reestablish some of the credibility that they have lost. We have been travelling for 15 years now and have never had this problem before.We would like to hear a response from other people, especially the ones we talked to at the airport and especially the Company if they read these comments. Curtis Moxsom  Sandra Chute curtmarfarmsltd@hotmail.com  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherpadidi
<Content>2 Weeks in Paradise Feb 24 to Mar 10 - We upgraded to a suite at the Bambu and though it cost plenty would not go any other way for a 2 week stay. Room service was excellent - checked the room at least 3 times a day and if we had used a towel it was replaced - mini bar was filled every 2 days but if you see them around just ask and they will give you whatever you want including a spare bottle of rum if that is your poison.Food was great and good variety - don't forget you are in a very poor country here and the food they eat is not the way we eat it - but it is still good and the staples of Macaroni, spaghetti and french fries are the most like home for those tourista days.There was NO SIGN of the Noro Virus - some got stomach upset and other things that go along with it - take remedy with you and USE it! I always get tourista in countries that have different food that I am used to - I take Lomotil every day and I am fine it is a $10 perscription. Some visitors said they had NORO but they were only sick for 1 or 2 days and that is perfectly normal for travel to these countries.Someone here siad the bathrooms were really small and you could hardly open/shut the door - Our bathroom had a separate tub with tiles, dressing area with 2 sinks and a separate room with a sliding door with a toilet on one side and a bidet on the other - way more room than I have at home.Beds are 2 doubles slid together - no problem - room was very cool with A/C even had to turn it down and the Fridge was amazingly cold keeping the beer and pop at an awesome temp.ICE - I had ice in everything - it is all made from purified water and all of the water in the complex is also purified - just do not drink out of the tap - even the locals do not drink that water.FIVE Star - I have been to most carribean countries as well as mexico etc. The rating system is not the one that is in North America. When you stay at a 5 star in these countries it is a 5 star compared to the others available there. Don't forget - we are spoiled here in North America with the best of the best available. Our hotel was well above a Hilton Suites - and close to a Westin but in an open style with lots of tile, pillars, pools, palms etc. The Foliage was amazing.Beaches - We walked the beach both ways - ours was the cleanest - all were nice - and sand is like sugarMalaria - One of the dealers at the Casino was bit by a mosquito while we were there - he got Malaria - nearly died from fever and not looking after it soon enough - but even at that he was back at work within 5 days and though he still suffered was getting better daily and still taking treatments every few days. Don't let your tour operator say there is not a problem with Malaria - best bet is to take the meds and the bug spray. There were hardly any mosquitoes there but if you take all the precautions then you have at least done all you can.All in All - totally recommend this hotel, even over the Palace as Bambu is a bit more relaxed. Would I go back - in a minute - preference over other Carib places - I find they are mostly the same all beautiful all accommodating, wonderful people and staff and even if you don't upgrade you will still have a wonderful time.Smoking - be prepared to have lots of this around - especially in the Casino. There is a non smoking section in the Buffet area and it is well ventalated so worth it to sit over there.Go - have fun - take your meds and other than a very long flight from the west coast of Canada - you will love it.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only review you need to read First off I want to say that I have stayed in 4-5 star resorts in Jamaica and Mexico in the past and this review is based on these resorts as a barometer. In case it matters I am 35 and my fiance is 27 so our opinions are based on this demographic.I just came back from a week (Mar 4-11) at the RIU Bambu resort in Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. The weather was great, low 30s and sunny all week, lucky us. So this review will not be based on bad weather making for a poor holiday and poor review, like some others. I will review different aspects of the resort as I see them, based on other 5 star resorts.Service: The staff at the resort could not be any more helpful or friendly. We were in our room 5 minutes and received a call from the front dest to make sure everything was ok and if we needed anything. We did need an adapter for the wall plug and they said they would send one to us. Within 5 minutes it arrived, very impressed. We were greated every time we went into the restaurant and the staff always remembered us, you could tell by them commenting on things we spoke about before. Most speak english very well but some (mainly those that have minimal dealings with you such as the pool towel guys or the like) barely get by. Rating, excellent.Room: Our room seemed rather small, but acceptable in size. It had your typical tropical humid smell, not strong but there. There were four types of alcohol as well as beer and soft drinks and bottled water available and replenished daily. The beds were rather cheap, very firm with little padding between you and the springs. The beds were also 3/4 sized doubles pushed together forming one large bed. This was a little awkward as they kept moving appart, not ideal for a couple that sleep together. The bathroom was cramped and the bath/shower was really small. The pillows were only about double the size that you would have on the plane, and really thin. Our room had cracks in the ceiling as well as many of the tiles in the shower. The room was cleaned very well each day and maintained well except for the repairs that needed to be made. Rating, poor.Food: Since it is a big resort they have to prepare a buffet for many people. So i guess you can expect to lose a little bit of quality in the food. Saying that, on day one there was a lot of variety, big selection of cooked meats and side dishes. There was a very extensive salad bar and enough deserts to keep most people happy. As the week went on you start to realize its the same thing with a twist each day, again good enough to keep most people happy. The meats, chicken, beef, pork etc. they tend to cook the hell out of them. Most meats are way over cooked, Im not sure if this is due to the fact they they cut the meats really thin or they they want to make sure its cooked through. If you are lucky you can get the odd piece that is really good. Most side dishes were very good, there is something for everyone. The ala carte restaurants are so/so. THey just convert thier daily snack bar into seperate ala cart restaurants in the evening. We went to them all, and the Mediterranean was the best. One thing about the snack bar, after they close the ala cart resaurants (10pm) the snack bar is supposed to be open again. We found many nights it was not ready to go until near 11pm. Schedules are not always kept. Oh yeah, and its seems to be a free for all at the buffet people pushing and budding in everywhere, obviously not the resorts problem just guests with few manners. Rating, fair.Public areas: THe property was very nice and constanty had maintenance people working. THe pool was and swim up bar were really good, there were lots of pool side chairs but you better claim them before 8 am or you are not going to get any prime chairs. People seem to put towels on the chairs really early and then rarely or never use them. THere are many bars that you can go to throught the resort as well as all the other RIU resorts. There is a walkway that goes through each of the RIU resorts which is a nice stroll at night over walking in the sand. They have a section called market street which is a kilometer or so of stores that you can get most anything from sun tan lotion to designer goods (beware though, I would bet more than a few are knock offs. Case in point, I wear a Rolex, you need to keep it in motion for it to work (tick). In one store there were Rolex's ticking away all with a completely different type of tick than mine, unless they pick them up and shake them every day they should not be running. Rating, very good.Beach: THe beach was great, the sand was like powder and there was pleanty of it. You could walk to beach until you drop. Again, pleanty of chairs but if you want to get prime spots you want to get there early. But as far as I am concerned there are no bad spots, just the right amount of palm trees, very picuresque . There are many showers along the beach as well as areas to spray sand off your feet before hitting the paved areas. Get ready to see a lot of topless women, if you are not big on that you might want to go else where. To some that may sound great but you are not seeing the best of the best, it seems the older and heavier they are the more likely they are to whip out those bad boys. The water was warm and clear with no rocks or shells to be found so you want walk out there without water shoes. The one negative is that dispite garbage resepticles and places for cigarette butts everywhere you still find butts all over the place, once again not the resorst fault but inconsiderate guests. Rating, excellent.Entertainment: Now I went there to relax so I have to admit I didnt take part in the many activities they had. Things like, darts, bochie ball, salsa lessons, water polo, beach vollyball and others. People seemed to enjoy them from what I heard. The evening shows I can coment on however. Each night there is a different theme show, this may be dancing or the musical Grease for example. THese shows were made up of the staff that you see all day organizing the other activities, not always the best talent. I would say that most of the evening entertainment was high school quality or less, more often than not, less. My rating on this is based on activities and entertainment on a whole, like i said the evening shows were poor to fair. Rating, good.Health issues: From the people I spoke with there were some health issues, unfortunatly i was one of them. There was a party of 17 from England, 5 of the 17 were bed ridden for 2-3 days. One couple we met from Canada, the guy was sick for 6 of his seven days there. Another couple that came down with us the wife was stuck in her room for 2 days. I have never been sick before when away, unless I did it to myself (hangover). This time I was, the night before we left (day 6) about 3 hours after I ate dinner on BBQ night it hit me. I spent more time in the bathroom then I did my bed with a delightful blend of vomiting and the runs. Fortunatly for me it only lasted about 12 hours, stopped just in time for me to board the plane, I felt drained and had a headache for 24 hours. I dont think this was all that common though, my fiance was sick for 4 days when we were in mexico but was fine this trip and we ate and drank the same things. I wouldnt worry so much about health concerns if I were you, just bring Gravol and Immodium just in case.So, over all It was a very good trip dipite my last night. Would I go back to the RIU Bambu, probably not. I think there are nicer resorts for the same money and I think with the larger resorts you lose some quality as far as the dining goes. I prefer medium or smaller resorts with all ala cart meals over buffets. As far as being a 5 star resort I would have to say it should be dropped to a 4 star. It compares more to the 4's I have been to over the 5's. I enjoyed the beaches, the water and the weather of Punta Cana and would go back to the area just not the resort. Hopefully this helps any of you trying to deside where to stay in the Punta Cana area.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation! We had a great time! No one was sick, except one of us that felt a bit off for a day.We went to the Riu Bambu with our 4 children (age 5, 8, 10 and 11), from Feb. 28th to March 7th. We don't understand the bad reviews about this resort (and we have traveled in about 30 different countries). So here's our review:Beach: superb. Like other reviewers, we did see a lot of big German grandmas in monokinis and bellied grandpas in Speedo鈥檚 roasting their naked brown skin in the hot sun (like the old aunt in the movie 鈥淭here鈥檚 something about Mary鈥?. It鈥檚 just funny and nice, I guess, to realize that Europeans are really comfortable with their body until a very advanced age! Food: quite good. Always a good choice, they cook omelets, dougnuts fish and meat in front of you. Always have fresh fruit, salad bar, cold cuts and cheese. We also enjoyed the local specialties like eggplant, plantain, fried cheese, rice and beans. For the less adventurous eaters, there's always a choice of pasta and pizza and fries. There is a good selection of deserts (and the cakes do taste something). Mexican night was very nice. Our only complaint would be that there could have been more seafood. And the wine is very average but hey, this is the tropics, not France or the Napa Valley! Pool: very nice. You do have to reserve a chair if you want to be by the pool to watch the kids or if you want to be in the shade.Staff: very friendly and of course some of them don't speak a lot of English or German: are YOU fluent in Spanish? Come on! If you want to speak English, go to Jamaica or Miami! Entertainment: fun, kids loved the mini disco, Angela is great with the kids. Some of the dancers are very impressive and give all they have.Rooms: very clean, we did see two or three tiny ants but they don't eat big tourists: remember, this is the tropics!Finally, after reading some reviews, we decided NOT to take malaria pills and that was the best decision we took. We did NOT see one mosquito. (We did spray ourselves with OFF every night just in case). Also, we did NOT meet anybody who was sick from a mysterious virus. Every one we met was having a great time (we still wonder about those bad reviews). Tip: if you want to avoid getting sick, wash your hands a lot, it is the best way. Every meal, we had our little bottle of Purell hand sanitizer and used it just before we ate. It took two seconds and especially for the kids who like to eat with their hands, it's an easy way to kill any germs that could give you problems. Remember, in a buffet, hundreds of people touch the tonsils to serve themselves before you touch them. Make the calculation!Finally, we went to the Riu Tequila at the Riviera Maya same time last year and we can compare the two. The Tequila was better for food (more choices, best guacamole and salsa there is) and better for the service at the table in the evening. If you want to go out at night or like to walk in a nice area, the Riviera Maya is definitely a better choice. For the beach, Punta Cana is nicer (bigger, finer sand, smaller waves, warmer), and you have to walk 5 minutes to get to the beach from the Tequila (or take a small shuttle). Overall, we give a 4+ star for the Riu Bambu and a 5 star for the Tequila.Enjoy your vacation, go with the flow and relax. Remember, be open-minded, you are in a developing tropical country, far away from home: some things have got to be a little different!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time. Three of us stayed at the Riu Bambu from Feb. 22 - Mar. 1. The food wasn't the best in the world but wasn't bad either. I am a fusy eater and there was always something I liked. The rooms were always clean and they are of a decent size. You won't spend much time in your room anyway. The grounds are beautiful, the beach is the nicest one of all the resorts at Punta Cana and the staff was great. One of us got sick but he went off site for a day of scuba diving and ate and drank whatever they had. The rest of us had no problem. I would recomend Riu Bambu to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Virus is still at the Bambu I just came back from a week at the Bambu.Went with a party of 8 and 4 got sick - The virus still lives!!Talked to others on the return flight to halifax and about 50% of those who stayed there got sick but people who stayed at the Princess, Iberostar, Sirenis etc had no problems.Not a pleasant way to spend your week in the sun.Wine is terrible as others have commented.Food is so-soBeach is beautiful but it is beautiful at any hotel there.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eat Lots Before You Go! Just got back from the Riu Bambu ( feb. 21 - 28 ) The food was really BAD and the wine well impossible to drink. I did book last minute and that was the only place available (not a good sign). Rooms are okay nothing special and mine came with an upgrade I guess; I had hundreds of tiny ants. Since I was travelling alone, I did not mind them and by the end of the week they were gone. Maybe they didn't like my music. Did I tell you how bad the food was? Don't understand how this place got a 5 star rating. I read reviews were some people liked the food. Man you guys need to go out more. Also tons of children and sadly most of them orphans or the parents spend the day at the bar trying to forget they had kids.If you like chatting with other guests, I suggest you bring a German translator. Food is really bad except for soups, deserts and the fries were okay. So for my main course I had a banana and fries. On a more positive note, I was not sick; then again it's pretty hard to get sick on BANANAS. Everyday the buffet is the same; I guess they were afraid to change a good thing. It was nice to come home to a good bottle of Shiraz and week old leftover in my fridge. (DELICACY)Conclusion; If you can survive on very little food, then this is the place. The weather was nice and the beach is beautiful. Good news from my doctor this morning; He thinks I will make a full recovery. PS In case I forgot, the food is really bad. BON VOYAGE!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Bag We just got back from a 7 night stay and found previous reviews very helpful before we went, so we felt prepared.The resort itself was no more or less than we expected, the gardens were pretty and well kept, and the beach was gorgeous. The bars were noisy at night, they could do with a quiet piano bar or similar, for those whose tolerance of salsa music is measured in hours rather than days.Animacion crew were hard working and seemed to really enjoy their jobs. Most staff were friendly and there were no problems on that front.The food poisoning issue really does need addressing however. 37 bouts in an 8 hour period and 7 immodium to no effect, do not make for a happy camper. I am still sore to my stomach a week later, and I was very careful what I ate and drank. Both my children have been sick (high fever, vomiting and diarrhea), and several people we spoke to had similar problems during their stay. Management if you read this - Please get some different wine, if indeed it really was wine. There's a phrase in the UK - a cheeky liitle number (this stuff was downright rude), beer was good though.This is not 5 star by international standards, more like 3. They could really do with more international staffing to overcome the language barrier for non Spanish speakers.Visitors should be told about needing the tourist visa for entry BEFORE they get off the plane.I would go back again, but probably not to this resort, if it continues to have the health problems. If you accept you're visiting a 3rd world country, and don't expect too much, like water and electricity, you won't be disappointed.5 out of 10 - Could do better.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>an_be_2008
<Content>Amazing! I have just returned from a 2 week vacation from the riu bambu, it was my 2nd time at that hotel and i have come home even more pleased than the first time. i went down there with a group of 40 poeple for a wedding and it was absoulutly beautiful. The rooms: average sized, very clean, very welcoming, your average room (you dont spend much time in there anyways)..The food: excellent food, a wide variaty, does become very repetitive after 2 weeks but u should try somthing new everyday, excellent service at restaurants, drinks at the bar are excellent great waiters. The pool: 2 very nice pools, not that many chairs but i say the beach is better anyways, it is very clean very welcoming atmosphere always something to do The beach: Gorgeous! beautiful water and sand. The entertainment: Amazing or mui bien as they would say .ahaha..there was always somethimg for children and adults to do whether it was aerobics , merengue lessons, or volleyball plenty od stuff to do. Shows at night were excellnt, and the 'animacion' team was amazing. They are probably the most amazing poeple i have ever met in my entire life. They are so poor in that country yet all the popele there are so happy always with a smile on there face. i love everyone of them (chocolate, richard, carlos, wendy say a quick hello to them from the big wedding family hahaha) so if u are thinking of going here book right now! if 40 poeple were pleased with it im sure u will be..its my favourite place in the world and i wil probably go back there for a 3rd time..have fun hope this helped  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shaolinz_Finest
<Content>Never Again Just returned from my second trip to Punta Cana in as many years. This year I traveled with my fiance for a quick Valentines day excursion. We stayed for 4 days from 2\14- 2\18. I must first say that I did book this vacation last minute, and really have no one else to blame. Last time I booked through Apple Vacations to the Ibero Star in Punta Cana. I tried to go back to that resort but it was all booked up, my travel agent told me Riu Bambu was even better, but I did not believe her and wanted to do more research. I should have paid attention to the numerous bad reviews on this site, but as the say, never under estimate the power of denial. I booked myself through Orbitz for roughly the same amount of money, as the Apple flight was full. This being my second trip, I was secure knowing I could get to the resort from the airport on my own. I did save 15 dollars on the Taxi as oppossed to a bus transfer, but I would not recomend it. Driving in Punta Cana in anything but a bus is nerve racking as the streets are badly paved and there are no real traffic laws there, but it was an adventure.Now lets get to the resort. As we arrived I realized the Riu resorts were right next door to the Ibero Star and felt a sigh of relief. I must say checking in was very easy, they had us in our room in 15 minutes. Right away I saw the difference in the 2 resorts. They spoke very little English and were geared to cater to their European guest. I really don't have a problem with that but I quickly realized that at least a third or more of the guest were American or English speaking guest.The dining situation was a little confusing in that you even had to make reservations at night even at the Buffets and had to sit at the same table nightly. It kind of reminded me of High School. This was irritating because the staff spoke little English and was hard to understand. The so called theme resturants were always booked solid by late morning. When we finally did get a reservation the food was terrible. Now I must say I am not a picky eater, although I do not eat meat or poultry. The trout I had tasted as if it was thawed for a week. I warned my fiance to NEVER eat anything that tasted funny. The shrimp appetizer, I was told also tasted old so she barly touched it. On the flip side, the Buffets were just as disappointing. I am born and raised in New Yory City, so I am a night owl of sorts. After 11 pm there was only Hamburgers, Hot Dogs and french fries served. I saw this as a blatent attempt to cut cost. At the Ibero Star they served REAL food 24 hours a day, so i guess I was spoiled. The rice was always stale. I told my fiance that I honestly believe that the people who got really sick on these resorts fell victim to their oWn appetites to taste a little too much. It may be a little let down, but you can't sample a little of everything and expect to not get sick on these resorts. I mean it is not the Ritz or hotels of that nature, and for the most part you get what you pay for. The desert had no flavor, well except for the ice cream of course and I must say it was the same at the Ibero Star.The staff did try, but they lacked the professionalism that was displayed at the Ibero Star. I hope you don't get fed up with the comparisons, but i think it is fair because they are in the same so-called star class and the cost are about the same.The overall staff just seemed to be disconnected, or at least it was in our case. The men seemed to group up around the pool and towel area, and salivate at the women at the resort. I know they are only human, but I found this to be very unprofessional. I must admit, the shows at night were suprisingly entertaining. Aside from the entertainment, the resort was terrible.If you are considering this resort as merely a segway to the beach, by all means choose it. I must say the Ibero Star is at least 10 times better in every facet, and they are in the same price range. Please don't waste your time. They also harass you on your way out of the hotel. They sent up someone at 8AM! on checkout day reminding me if I hade not reached the front desk by 12PM, I would be forced to pay 100 dollars and so on. It was terrible. I hope this FAIR review helps you  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Once again, we enjoyed the Riu Bambu  We traveled to the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana from Feb 13, 2005-Feb 20, 2005. Before leaving we read may of your reviews. There we 15 of us that traveled. We certainly were concerned about all the previous reviews about the food/stomach illness. I'm glad to report that not one of our traveling companions became ill!! We had another fantastic vacation. This was our 3rd or 4th trip to the Riu Bambu. We have traveled to the DR since the early 1980's!! I did not even hear a thing about illness while I was there. I stayed away from nothing and ate everything!! The flight with GWV Travel/Iceland Air was quick (3 1/2 hours from Boston, MA. USA). The baggage people at the airport are very willing to help you. Bring plenty of $1 bills. $1. goes a long way!! Check-in was painless. I had called the hotel and requested particular rooms. Our requests were provided. Rooms are typical hotel/motel room sizes but adequate. Bring an air freshener for the room. Leave the Off repellent at home. There's no bugs there as other reviews had suggested (maybe it's a seasonal thing). Entertainment was good. At times the entertainment was a bit erotic and sexy. My family said I missed the best show when I went to the casino. They had a magician that they claim was GREAT. The entertainment people were really nice and worked their tails off. A $5 tip per day at the bar gets you instant service when the bar is full. The food in my opinion was good. I had no complaints. There were several pickier/fussier folks in our party that struggled to find things they enjoyed. The Caribe was the best restaurant. The Steak House was ok too. I liked all the restaurants. Tip the waiters too!! I know that the fee included everything although these folks are so **** nice and really could use the extra $$. If you decide against tipping they'll still provide big smiles and great service. It's very safe walking around the complex at night. The Casino is ok. Be careful of the progressive roulette at the casino. It's a scam. They get people that have never played and give them all these free points toward winning $thousands in prizes although before you know it you will need to give them $5,000 (via you credit card cash advance) or more and you'll be so close to the Jackpot that you get sucked into it till you've lost thousands!! The kids loved the pools. There are plenty of chairs at the beach although the pool chairs disappear quickly. A little advice for those wanting to sit by the pool, kids splash water so if you do not want to get wet sit further back!! Oh yes, what you have read about the Europeans is very true. Just shrug your shoulders, bite your tongue and offer a small smile and walk away. Any questions email me at DinoRossi2340@hotmail.com  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu OK but.... It does not compare to the Iberostar,RIU,and Palace resorts in the Riviera Maya. My wife and I stayed at the Bambu for 7 nights in early September 2004. We travel quite a bit and Punta Cana by far has the best beaches we have ever seen but the RIU Bambu does have some problems. I have read on previous reviews that food was the biggest issue with people. I must say the food was pretty bad. We never got sick but we were picky as to what we put on our plates. We would eat bread and fruits for breakfast,hamburger and fries at lunch,and mostly breads and vegetables at dinner. We stayed away from the eggs,beef,chicken,and seafood dishes. If you are looking for conversation with other guests,the Bambu is not the resort for you. I would say that the guests consisted of 80% German,15% Spanish and maybe 5% US and Canadian. There were very few English speaking guests,in fact I only counted 3 the whole week we were there. The staff,rooms,grounds,and beach were all great. My only complaint about the beach is that there isn't a beach bar. If you wanted a drink you had to make your way to the pool bar. All in all we did have a good time but that was mostly attributed to the amazing beach. We will visit Punta Cana again very soon but we will try a resort that caters more to Americans (Sunscape,Secrets,Iberostar).  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rasslerfan
<Content>Beautiful beach I have read many reviews that scared my wife and I so much we did not want to go. We went anyway and just returned 2/13. Met many people no one was sick. Food o.k. at the buffet other restaurants were not edible. We are Americans and have never seen food like they served. Example New York strip was 1/4 thick and served in some kind of sauce? Very clean everywhere. Spent every day at beach swimming and walking for miles. Never saw anycreatures in or on the beach. No mosquitos but still took meds. For the money it was well worth it. ENJOY!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TechChick
<Content>Be very Careful of the food! A friend and I stayed at the RIU Bambu back in May of 2004. At the time, I read the reviews and everything seemed to be ok. I am writing this review so that people will know that this resort had problems long before January of this year.  We had a bad experience but I will say a few good things about the RIU Bambu first.  When we arrived we were given a welcome cocktail and the staff was very friendly. Our room was clean and we never saw a bug. The cleaning staff, restaurant satff and bar staff were all very friendly.   The resort grounds were very nice and well kept.  The beach was amazing and big. Great if you like long walks on the beach. There is a Carribean Street area where you can buy souvenirs and any other necessities that you need and the prices were not too crazy.  PAY ATTENTION TO THIS: Food: Now for the bad part.... My friend and I do always try to eat healthy when we go away to a resort. We were ensured by our SunQuest Rep that everything was cleaned with filtered water. The first day we both ate from the salad bar which wasn't that great. I opted out of the salad bar the rest of the day and the next day.  My friend however, continued to eat salad. She became extremely ill on our second day there. She had vomitting, diarrea and a fever of 104! She was rushed to the local hospital by Ambulance. We spent three days in the hospital. After speaking with the doctors, we found out that she had ingested a parasite which was activated by stomac acids. This was all within 2 days of being at the resort. It was most likely improperly washed raw vegetables from the salad bar that were the culprits. I was sick as well but mild compared to my friend. We spoke with other people on the resort who were also sick for a few days.  I would strongly reccomend staying away from any vegetables that are uncooked and unpeeled fruits. Go for things that are well cooked or baked in the oven. Remeber that your food is only as clean as the last person who touched it and hig heat means less contamination.  And please, pay the extra money and get good medical coverage. The Hospital (Hospitin Bavaro) was really good but expensive. Luckily we had full coverage.  When we returned to the resort, we told them and our rep what had happened and they seemed surprised. Of course, nothing was done.  The beach in Punta Cana was beautiful but I will never return to the Dominican Republic again.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from the Rui Bambu I paid several thousand $ to get sick along with 10 other people i traveled with. Everyone there experienced the same thing. The staff were very friendly but something is going on there. It was aweful. The food was not great- i assume that is how everyone was getting ill. I will never go back. On another note besides getting ill my sister in law was hospitalized when we got back to the states for Portegese man a War Dermtitis- which anyone can get- it comes from being stung or stepping on a poinsonous jelly fish found in the waters of DR. Something I never knew existed prior to the trip. She got a terrible rash and had to be in hospital for 4 days until poison ran through her body. It effects the heart , so she was in ICU with heart monitors. Don't chance it- go somewhere else.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonathan_Nelson
<Content>Very nice honeymoon - pity about the gastrointestinal problems Jonathan Nelson - Gosport, Hampshire UKStayed for 14 nights Jul/Aug 04.Ok, I know I am about six months out of date with this but I have only just discovered this site and I feel it right to comment on our honeymoon.We traveled with Thompson and the service was very good. I am glad we lashed out for extra legroom on the plane but were still cramped. I suppose this reflects the reasonable price we payed for the package. Arrival and registration were painless and the welcome drink was welcome. Our room was ground floor. It was very clean and comfortable and the maid service was excellent. The minibar was restocked routinely and I found that if I asked for more of a specific drink I always got it. The meals were very acceptable. Breakfast is geared to the Yanks and Europeans and made a nice change. The lunches were pretty much the same each day but there is plenty of variety. Evening meals can be taken at the buffet resturant or at one of the speciality resturants. Be prepared for an early start if you want to experience the specialities. I reccomend the Caribe grill at the late sitting.The beach is lovely and there are plenty of sun loungers. You will have to be up early to get a place around the pool though. There is plenty of entertainment during the day and I particularly enjoyed the volleyball and water polo. The entertainers are all energetic and seem to enjoy their job. All struck up a good rapor with the guests. What I will say is that it is quite loud during the day with an abundence of children around. Remember that this is a family resort and if that is not your bag you should consider the Riu Palace Macau (had a peek and it looked very plush).On the negative side, my wife and I both ended up with the threepenny bits (pronounced thrupney bits - cockney rhyming slang for all you yanks). We were spared vomiting but our discomfort lasted the best part of a week. Not the best thing for the wife to go down with on our honeymoon but we soldiered on regardless. We were very particular with drinking bottled water etc but still got sick. Some other guests were much more poorly than us. We used insect repellant at night and got away with very few bites. All in all, we had a lovely time. I am not convinced it is 5 stars. You get what you pay for and I would take a good supply of paracetamol, immodium, insect repellant, sun cream (very very expensive in resort) and some diaorrolite.I will be happy to answer any questions emailed to me.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tomatopa
<Content>we loved the Riu Bambu, but we returned home on 1/29. the resort is beautiful. they do everything they can to make your stay nice. the only porblem is there are so many people sick. it always seems to be hanging over your head. we did not get sick while we were there. coming home on the plane we sat by people that had been sick at other resorts. one day after getting home my husband became sick. the next night i became very sick with very bad vomiting. i think i picked up a bug on the plane. i do not blame the resort. i think there are people sick everywhere you go. It is just very hard to be sick away from home. the resort is trying very hard to combat the problem. there are many people there having fun and not getting sick any question? email me.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be carefull (Please, sorry for my english, I'm from Quebec). We are just back for the RIU Bambu and the only thing I would like to tell you is: BE VERY CAREFUL. The place is very beautiful but less beautiful when you spend 2 days in hospital because you are sick. I had what they called the Neuro-Virus on the second day of my trip and it was horrible. So be careful of what you will eat, whash you hands and don't try to eat anything you are not familiar with.They transfer us on the Palace and it was more older but much safer. Our tour representative told us that the RIU resort will be close for a whole month because there are to many people who are getting sick.So be carefull!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed results My wife and I stayed at the Bambu for 1/13/05 through 1/20/05. While we had a great time, the virus caught both of us. She was sick most of Sunday and I on the following Tuesday.Beach: Beautiful, spectacular.....need I say more. A few topless ladies but nothing out of line. Lots of beach chairs all days but one.Pool: Beach was too nice to sit by the pool but many did and had a good time.Food: OK for all-inclusive. Lots of food whenever you wanted to eat.Bars: Lots of fun, lots of booze. Did my best to get my $$$ worth. A few tips go along way. By the way, they do have Johnnie Walker Red for the scotch drinkers.Rooms: Stayed in 108 close to the beach. Clean and no problems.Will consulate with my DR. b-4 going back to avoid illness. We drank no tap water but still got sick. i would say 50% of people I spoke with had gotten ill.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would have been the perfect vacation had it not been for all of us getting horribly sick Our stay was from the 14th to 21st of December. We have no complaints except that we all (group of 6), got horribly sick and had to go to the local medical clinic that got us for $160 US for a shot to stop the runs. The clinic had a huge waiting line. A wedding of 26 was called off as 24 of the group were in bed with the stomach cramps and the runs. We were told that 80% of the guests were sick and that hotel officials couldn't find the reason. If you asked other guests, it seemed that most everyone was sick or knew of someone who was. The rooms were very clean, no insects and the beds were surprisingly comfortable. The food was fine, nice variety and everything was fresh. The drinks were a little watery but if you asked the bartender for a good drink (and tipped), you got a better drink. The personel is quiet and reserved. Watch out for itinerant vendors in the hotel lobby - They can be pretty obnoxious. Beach was very nice also. Beware of large quantity of Europeen kids at the pool. Very loud, disrespectful and it seems that their parents are never around. Riu Bambu not recommended for someone who wants to get away from screaming kids. Also be very careful at the Casino at the Palace - The Progressive Roulette game appeared rigged. I'd recommend Riu Bambu for anyone on a small budget. Don't expect the Ritz and you won't be disappointed (remember, you get what you pay for).  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Riu Bambu We stayed at the Riu Bambu 11/26/04 thru 12/03/04. We loved this resort so much that we will go back. We give this resort a 5 star for having a little bit of everything, great food, great service, beautiful surroundings  an amazing beach surrounded by palm trees. We walked to the Riu Palace to see the difference. Definetely it was more luxorious with much older people with money but we loved the Riu Bambu better for its ambiance  charm. Most people we spoke to that stayed at the other Riu's came over to the Bambu to hang out.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hooneymoon from hell while on our honeymoon in punta cana me and my wife became quite ill first we thought the food as it was all bad, but after 12 days of being sick our doctor assured us it most likely was not poisioning, and gave us med. for malaria. there had been outbreaks of this before we went but we were never notified! i did not mind the resort and the staff were pleasent but all and all i would not recommened it to anyone!!!!!!!!jay r  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Trip Ever Riu Bambu Domincan RepublicJanuary 2005Worst Experience EverOntario, CanadaWe arrived on a Friday and check in went well. Because we arrived in between meal times there was no place to eat until dinner time. There was a small restaurant open with snacks. The weekend went well and then Monday morning hit. My wife and I were both hit with nausea, vomitting and diarhia. At first we thought that it was just a change in the weather and the change in food. Our maid comes to clean the room and we learn that she has been sick for a couple of days. She had the same symptoms, she still does not feel well but has to continue to work as she cannot afford to take time off. We learned from our represantive that 1/3 of the staff have been sick. We went all inclusive so it was just a matter of time before everyone is sick. The hotel tried to make out like nothing was going on, We learned that it has been going on since December. Everyone you talked to has been sick. We understand that it is not the fault of the resort that a virus has come to the island but they need to improve on their hygiene and sanitary meausures. While we were sick we observed the maid who was still sick cleaning your bathroon with no gloves on and then cleaning your drinking glasses in the sink. Kitchen staff were also observed with no gloves. We did get sealed plastic glasses from the management and they provided us with bottled water in the room. We only drank from those glasses and that water and that probably prevented us from getting it again as we were stuck there for two weeks so we had to make the best of it. I also had brought some hand sanitizer from home (which we always travel with) and used it constantly. Aside from everything else we had rain just about every day and it was a cold rain. The second week was better as far as the weather was concerned. The food wasen't that great for a five star. Entertainment was really bad. Mosquito's were not bad at all, we wore insect repellent at night and took all the precautions and were okayIvan and Connie  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msflashette
<Content>Blue-eyed single blondes BEWARE! Spent 1 wk at the Riu Bambu with my 26 yr old daughter 1/05. I'll start with the PROBLEM we had. The 2nd night there the resort director (Wellington Del Rosario) came to our table at dinner and introduced himself. He stood talking for 1/2 hr. then had a bottle of champange  3 glasses brought over to the table and we had a toast. I thought how nice to do this for new people. To make a long story short, in the following 5 days he showed up where ever we were: sunbathing, at the show (he talked through one whole show ruining it for us), meals and even at the disco (our last night we had to run out the back door of the disco to avoid him!). He had champange and small gifts sent to our room, he called our room, he had other employees call our room and ask for my daughter then he would get on the phone, he gave employees messages to give to my daughter from him. He would not take NO for an answer. It was terrible and actually frightening at the end. Although I told 3 different people at the front desk 3 separte times about the problem we were having, I did not get a chance to talk to the resort manager untill the morning we left. He listened to us, said he would talk to Wellington and make it right with us. We have been back for 12 days and haven't heard a thing. Instead of waiting any longer I have contacted Apple Vacations and Riu Resort Corp. A thing like this should not happen to anyone.Now for the GOOD: This is one of the nicest resort we've ever stayed in. It is well maintained and the service is above average for an all inclusive. I felt compelled to tip our waiters and bartenders. They work very hard for very little money. The food was good and quite a variety. A number of people were sick, but I really think it was the water. Don't even use it to brush your teeth-use the bottled water they provide. And you can't go work bringing some imodium. We enjoyed the shows at night and the games during the day....but we are easily entertained! The animation team work very hard trying to provide fun and making people feel welcomed. Even thought I know it is their job, I believe they were sincere in their efforts. The weather was great and the beach is wonderful. If you want poolside you'll have to save chairs early. I think most people dropped their towels on chairs on their way to breakfast. A word of caution: resort is paved with lots of tile and it is slippery. If we could be assured that we would not have to go through what we did, I would definately go back. I don't think couples or familys would have this kind of trouble. But if you are a single female, please be careful!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach and weather My husband and I just got back from the Riu Bambu. We had a great time relaxing on the beach (which was beautiful). It was a tad bit windy, but we actually appreciated the breeze. We sat by the pool and got too hot and opted to move to the beach. It was 85 degrees and sunny the entire trip. I also had read the reviews regarding the food. While we were there we thought it was fine and just avoided anything that was too out of the ordinary. My husband got a little sick the last day we were there and I thought I was fine until 48 hours after being home. I was at a business lunch and literally had to leave because the sickness came on so quickly. I had a 102 degree temp and could not hold down even water. Although, because it happened after the vacation, I'm thinking it may have just been a flu bug that I caught at the airport or at work after returning home (basically everyone we know has the flu at this time of year in Chicago). I did bring Immodium AD and Pepto, which proved to be useful to my husband while we were there.I had read reviews that suggested to bring granola bars or snacks, which I did and was thankful. The snacks in the stores are super expensive and I just couldn't imagine paying $6.50 for a bag of chips. So I'd suggest bringing snacks if you are the snack type of person.We thought the staff was wonderful. We made friends with a lot of them and the bartenders are really fun. We ended up eating at the snack bar at 12am with the bartenders after a night of boozing that was really fun. We tipped everyone and they appreciated it. My favorite is the chocolate drink with brandy. Definitely worth trying.The rooms were very clean. We had no bugs in our room and I had half eaten granola bars that were sitting out. Although the rooms were clean, they were a bit dated. This place is definitely not the Ritz, but that didn't bother my husband and I. We are the type of people that go with the flow. If you're expecting luxury I suggest you go to Hawaii and spend $500+ a night to stay at the Grand Wailea or something similar. We did an excursion to the other side of the island to scuba dive and to Catalina Island. The bus ride, which was 3 hours each way, was a bit annoying, but we enjoyed seeing some of the real Dominican Republic, not just the resort area. We also got to stop at a store that was out of the resort area and were able to buy some food and stuff for a lot cheaper. On the way back we had plenty of beer and rum and met some fun Canadians to hang out with so the time passed quickly. Catalina Island was beautiful and we love scuba diving so we had a great time.I would definitely agree with other reviews that 1. You get what you pay for. This isn't the Ritz, but all-inclusive for that price including airfare was hard to pass up; and 2. The vacation is what you make of it. If you're going to be pessimistic, you're going to have a bad time. If you go with a positive, friendly attitude you will be fine.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A British Review We visited the Bambu June 2004 and we have the best holiday ever. The hotel is lovely, the staff are really friendly and helpful and the food was wonderful. We had no complaints about any part of the holiday, the only thing is the entertainment is a little low key and if you are looking for a lively boozy disco dancin' time this is not really the place for you. The bars are livelyish and night but are full of people sitting talking. If you want to give it yahoo and join in all the games and classes and have a salsa lesson with a young fit fella then fill your boots, if not just lay/sit there and watch the others have a good time.The food in the buffet was lovely and it's definately worth getting up at 7.00am at least once to book a table so you can get a night in the Caribbe Grill, as the food is excellent, and the wine was alot nicer that the stuff in the Bambu.I won't go into detail about what is in this hotel, go along and see for yourself, you won't be disappointed. Some of the reviews are given by people expect too much, if you want a 5*+ holiday pay 5*+ prices. You get what you pay for, we paid 拢600.00 each for 2 weeks and it was worth every penny. Out of the 5 hotels in this complex the Bambu was the nicest (apart from the Palace of course) and it was the biggest. One tip, be nice to the staff and try and learn a bit of Spanish before you go and they will love you for it. Make and effort and night with the bar staff and your glass will never be empty. A few tips at the beginning of the holiday will go a long way to you having one of the best holdiays you have ever had.ps, if you are afraid to get up and join in because you feel silly, well do get up and have a go, I never did and wished at the end of the holiday I had.enjoy......  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evelina0777
<Content>not so great My fiance and I just returned from the Dominican Republic and we stayed at the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana. Of course we read the reviews prior to going and unfortunately chose to ignore the negative ones. That will not happen again. We have previously stayed at the Riu Jalisco in Mexico and we LOVED it so we thought this Riu would be at least similar- - it definitely was not. The hotel is pushed back and there are pretty much no ocean view rooms, in fact, you do have to walk quite a while to get to the ocean. The hotel is nothing spectacular. The rooms are very standard and pretty clean. For the most part the staff are nice, it seemed that they were very good with the kids. The shows at night were actually pretty funny. We did not go outside of our hotel much mostly due to the rain but it seemed as the hotel staff did not recommend that, anyway there really was no where to go, no nightlife outside of the hotels. The food was horrible! It was mostly undercooked and it just all tasted off. They mostly cater to Europeans. The majority of people there were German. On our third day there we began to get sick. I threw up once, but my fiance started throwing up at 6pm and at 3am still kept on going! So with him not being able to hold anything down and becoming dehydrated we called the doctor and he had us come in. After that my fiance was taken to the hospital for about 5 hrs. I was ok after just one episode of vomiting. The hotel states that its a virus thats going around (from Europe they say) but how long does that happen for? I have friends who went to Punta Cana a few months ago and also got sick, on the reviews people who went months and years ago talk about getting sick....Must be some strong virus!!! After that we just ate bread, rice, anything else that was bland. We were actually hungry during our all-inclusive vacation. In addition to all this, it rained every day at least 3 times and it was cloudy most of the time. Obvioulsy we can't control that. We went on one excursion to Sonoa Island and it was not worth the money. We spent 3 hours on the bus, then on the boat, the island is just like any other. The good thing was the beach, it was beautiful. Other than that we will not be returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>t_pie_2004
<Content>Awesome time except the sickness We returned from the Riu Bambu on the 11th. Overall it was awesome. My husband and I went with 3 kids 23, 20, and 19. We are all very laid back people and like to have fun. I did a ton of research on the internet and was worried by the malaria scare but we opted not to take the meds. We didn't see one mosquito and don't see how they can land with the constant breeze. I would say that the people who complained about most of the little things like the ride to the resort, the animation team, etc, must have been uptight and needed a vacation. This is a poor country. The animation team wasn't broadway but entertaining. Their dancing was exceptional and they were always trying to get people involved in activities but weren't pushy. Vacations are all about what you make of them. We met so many people which made the trip even better. The kids met lots of other kids their age and hung out at the disco or the pool bar. Most people were very friendly. We took everything with a grain of salt and just shrugged it off. We met people from Austria, Russia, Canada, USA, and Germany. We all found something in common especially that we were there to have a good time. You do need to get up early to get a pool chair but chairs are plentiful on the beach. The beach was beautiful but a bit windy while we were there. Didn't matter we still beached it most of the time. The pool bar is awesome and lots of fun. The drinks were OK. The frozen drinks are watery and we aren't much for fruity drinks. I stuck to the beer which I thought was execellent with a lime. The mamajuana shots will kick your butt. The drinks have plenty of alcohol and you usually have another drink in front of you before yours is done. The bartenders are so great. Manuel, Joselo, Javier, Milkin are the ones that come to mind. Manuel has a few great tricks to show you. Again, it's all about how much you want to interact with everyone including the help. The food was good. Eggs weren't always done well so be careful. Always plenty to choose from. We stayed away from the salad, cold cuts, and cheeses as mentioned on other discussion boards but still managed to have 2 of us sick. It seemed at least 1 or 2 people out of each group got sick at one time or another for a 24 hour period. Ours was definitely not due to overindulgance. The resort stated it is a virus brought over from Germany. I'm not sure I believe them, I am thinking more food or something. The Mamajuana resturant is open when the Ala Carte one is closed. There is food available til 2am every day which is great for us late people. The rooms are nice but we couldn't figure out how to get our fridge cold, no problem, we just used the kids fridge. The best rooms seem to be from 1900-1700. No room is too far of a walk but these are closest.Do bring ziploc bags for open food. If you like chips bring your own stock cause expensive to buy. There is some small ants in the room that seem to find any and all open food. But they didn't bother us. No other insects noted. We thought the beds were very comfy, not too hard. But, the king is 2 doubles together which makes sleeping together tough at times. All in all, just relax and enjoy. Don't sweat the small stuff!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emm_bull
<Content>Excellent holiday all round For all you that have booked a holiday at the Riu Bambu and are concerned about going after reading these reviews, rest assured. I stayed at the Riu Bambu twice last year and had an amazing time, both times. Neither myself or my party were ill at any point. The beach, the food and the staff are fabulous. Ok the evening entertainment is no match on broadway but its something to keep you occupied whilst at the bar. Anyone going to the riu bambu will have a fab time, whatever type of holiday you are looking for.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best five star hotel! We had originally booked one of the Seabreeze hotels in the Dominican but after reviewing the hotel on tripadvisor, quickly changed our minds!After much searching  reviewing we settled on the Riu Bambu, also because my friend is a travel agent and highly recommends the Riu chain.The hotel is absoutely fantastic, as is the food at the many restaurants, entertainment, entertainment staff (Jimmy  Eddie Murphy) and the accommodation. The other great thing about this hotel is that they serve named drinks such as smirnoff vodka, which is great if like me you don't like the cheaper brands!I'd recommend going to the caribbean street party (take money with you as they sell things very cheaply that night!) the grill restaurant was the best, however the themed nights in the main restaurant were also fantastic.But what ever you do don't take any notice of the negative reviews on this hotel because I really think those people must have stayed somewhere else!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't hurry back! Beaches were gourgeous! Thought the rooms were nice! Entertainment tried hard but was basically lame! Four males went basically to relax and get some sun. The bus ride from the resort was long and methodical hitting every resort on the way until finally reaching our destination. This was the same returning to the airport after the stay. All of us were sick at different times during our week stay. We all couldn't pin-point exactly what we got sick on, but the common consensus was the food. Two believed it were eggs they ate! We enjoyed the pool bar alot. The resort itself looked like the nicest one in amongst the Riu area except perhaps the Palace resort. However the Palace resort looked as though it may have not been as much fun. In socializing throughout the resort we found that the majority of the people that were there at some point were laid up with illness. It's hard to enjoy yourself after becomming ill with concerns of bad food or perhaps the possibility of dirty glasses for liquer. What happens is you try to find reasons for your illness and it ends up ruining your fun. We are big beer drinkers and found the the beer that they were offering to be awful. Five star resort, please. I shook my head after every sip I took. I'm told the better beer in the Dominican is called Presidente but that was not what they were serving. Overall, after working all year and finding time to take a well deserved vacation this would not be high on my list of return destinations. Sorry, but don't want to hurry back to a place that that was not as good as it was advertised. The Tequila in the Mayan was a better choice. The beaches weren't as nice but the resort was better. Next year will be Florida. I'll risk the weather in order to eat and drink without being poisened!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmp66
<Content>Be careful! We just spent a week at the Riu Bambu(Dec 25 to Jan1st). We traveled with three kids(ages 12, 10, and9). First let me say that last year we stayed at the Riu Bachata in Puerto Plata. The beach was terrible but the hotel was great, along with their staff. Their animation team were always around and motivating all the guests to get involved. So at least I have something to compare. This year at Riu Bambu, staff very friendly and eager to please. Animation team was not very visible and if they were they seem to be with the same guests, which I can assume are repeat visitors because they were very friendly with them. The rooms are quite small but very clean. No mosquitos around for anyone concerned about Malaria. By our second day, my oldest son got sick with a fever, vomiting. One day later, my other son got sick with a high fever and vomiting. You saw several people carrying out plates of crackers and bread to their own rooms as several other people were ill. By the fourth and fifth day, my husband had diarrhea and my youngest son was vomiting. I somehow did not get sick. First let me say that it did not seem to last more than 24 hours but nonetheless ours was spread out over the week. We spoke with the Sunquest rep on Friday, one day before we were leaving. She assure us that inspectors from the Domican government, Riu, and some other people came to inspect their kitchens and food handling and assured us that it was not food poisoning, but an airborne virus. How that can be is beyond me since everything is out in the fresh open air in that resort. We only drank bottled water and stayed away from salads or meats. We did not visit the doctor nor was it necessary to go to a hospital. We let it ride and just took pepto bismol everyday. Let me also say that it was not confined to the Riu Bambu, other hotels in the Punta Cana area also seemed to have this virus. I would recommend trying not to forget anything that you may need as things at the hotel gift shop are very expensive. A toothbrush costs $6.00US so you can imagine what other things cost. The hotel itself is in need of some upgrading. I would rate it more a 4 star than a 5. The beach is truly stunning. The pool is okay but the chairs are scarce. Definitely have to get up early if you want some decent chairs. We went to the beach in the morning and came back to the pool by 1-2pm. Notable mentions: The pool guy, Rigoroberto was great. If you are willing to tip he is more than accomodating to secure your pool chairs for you. He starts his day at 5am. We had a maid by the name of Llackline and she truly was wonderful with my kids and looking after the room, especially when they were ill.Finally, Willington(I think that was his name) who is one of the head guys at the hotel. Knew our names and went out of his way every evening to come say hello and ask how things were. My only words of advice is to be careful. There were plenty of people who were not ill.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TIME OF MY LIFE The food was wonderful I had a great time all of the staff was very welcoming, always happy, singing, dancing. I'd go there again for sure. At the Riu Bambu I felt like it was my home ,the first day you're there you get a chance to meet everyone and all of the hosts are eager to make sure, themselves, that all inclusive means all inclusive. This was one of the best vacations I've been on.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mikencarin
<Content>Don't forget your Imodium We (4 adults, 2 children) spent 2 weeks at the Bambu from Nov 30 to Dec 14th. We have stayed at other Riu hotels (meurenge, tropical bay, tequila) as well as many other all-inclusives in the Dominican Republic, Mexico  St. Martin, so we have a lot of experience to compare this to.Upon our arrival we heard about the malaria scare so we decided against doing any tours that required going into jungle areas where mosquitoes would be heavy. We did the shopping tour - Don't do it!!! The bus ride was totally nauseating... lots of speed bumps  lots of hotel stops....  it's not a rum factory that you visit (it's a shack set up basically, with cranked up rum prices)... Take a taxi directly to the town  shop... skip the bus.My husband stepped off the high sidewalks on the way back to our room  tore ligamants in his ankle  ended up with a cast on. In no way do we think this was the fault of the resort, but when the director asked what happened  we told him, he said Oh... You must have been woo-hoo (making drunk actions). We were actually totally sober having just returned from the shopping tour. Not a very professional response from the director. He offered us a wheelchair which we thought was fantastic (so we could still venture to the casino  other resorts), but when I went to get one at the front desk, they didn't have one. They assured me one would be available the next day - for $10 US per day. I couldn't believe that. Like I said, we don't blame the hotel for my husband's injury, but it DID happen on THEIR resort... You'd think they'd be more accomodating  apologetic.... when I became upset with the price, the director offered it to me for $8 US per day. I was still surprised that we'd have to pay at all. Then he said I'll be sure to give you a good deal, don't worry. Upon check-out, we were charged $10 US per day. Some deal.Hotel is nice, rooms clean, food good, but 5 out of the 6 of us were ill. My husband got it first - major diarrhea for about 2 1/2 days, then off  on for another week or so. I was next... same thing. My mom got it next  spent 3 days in bed. My oldest daughter (12) got it with a temp of 102 but the temp was gone overnight.My dad got it  still had it full-on 5 days later despite taking a dose of Imodium every time he went. We finally took him to a hospital where he was treated for 2 days with IV fluids  antibiotics. After testing, Drs said it was an intestinal infection. He is still not well here at home (2 weeks later)  has, in fact, made another trip to his Dr today.MANY people (honestly had to be 60 - 80%) were sick  spent time at the Drs /or went staight to the clinic themselves. We met a woman who went to the resort Dr  was sent to the hospital by ambulance. They charged her $90 US  stopped to pick up 4 other people on the way!! We had seen a hospital (there are a few in the area) on a previous shopping excursion so just took a taxi straight there for $8 US. We met 2 large wedding parties. One had 32 people  18 were sick - 2 with overnight hospital stays. The other had 28 people  20 were sick - 1 person was in hospital for 3 days. Another family of 4 that we met got sick the night before leaving for home. We have since learned that they all had diarrhea  vomiting for about 2 weeks at home.We could hear the people in the hotel room above us vomiting many times one night.When my mother told the director of her illness, he replied You should stay out of the sun. When speaking with my husband  myself, his explanation was people come  eat strange foods  drink too much. Not in our case. I'm a vegetarian  my kids are very picky. All my daughter ate was pasta  french fries.Do I think it was the water? No. The food? No. (Although one of the workers said when she started working there  was going to eat a salad, other staff said, You're not going to eat that, are you??!!... kinda makes you wonder what they know...) I think it was a virus... you know... passed from stool to hand to mouth. That's my explanation for my youngest (6) not getting sick - She didn't touch any tongs at the restaurants or taps or doorhandles in the washrooms.I saw many people use the washrooms  not wash their hands after - NASTY!!!The last 4-5 days of our stay, something changed. We heard rumours that the health department /or government was checking out the resort, but we got more of a vibe that they were Riu higher-ups. We could see 3 or 4 people walking around with clipboards, talking together. Suddenly the director was visible ( looking very busy  friendly) daily. Service went WAY up, things got cleaner, staff got friendlier. they way it SHOULD be at a 5* resort.We heard from other guests that the director told them (but not us!) that there was a virus going around all of Punta Cana  that the Bambu had been hit particularly hard. An explanation like that was all we were really looking for - not denial  blame placed on us.We chose the Bambu as it was recommended by our travel agent for the great kid's program. WRONG. Kids club staff were NEVER on time (if they showed up at all) or it would end an hour early - just dropping the kids at the pool area to find their parents on their own. Our daughter went 3 times in 2 weeks. We later heard that they were short-staffed  were hiring a new girl to work it. (They could've told us that)The mini-disco, though, was a highlight. The kids had a blast doing that.In a nutshell: Beach is great, hotel facilities  rooms 4*, restaurant, bar  activity staff friendly  hardworking, management crappy.Viruses can't be helped. Neither can being short-staffed. Those are both things that can happen anywhere. but the way management dealt with these things was very disappointing.If you're planning on visiting this resort, hope you get there when the virus has passed!!We will not be returning. Ever.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch what you eat/drink The Hotel was very nice. Nevertheless, my daughter (3) and I got very sick from the food. We spent 3 out of 7 days in the hospital. The staff and applevacations were not very helpful. This incident was clearly due to the poor hygiene in the kitchen. Quite a few other guests got sick as well.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Bambu! Just returned from a week at the Bambu. I traveled with my extented family from across Canada. We chose the Bambu do to advice from a travel agent/friend who said you cant go wrong with a RIU resort. There is so much to talk about, so I will break it up.Airport: The airport in Punta Cana is small but nice. You could see the workers risking their lives on very old ladders to fix the hurricane damage to the roof. Anyway as soon as you arrive you are moved through customs and then to your luggage(it all arrived),and then finally to the bus. The tour companies are standing by the exit, you just find your tour companie and ask what bus to take. Note-Bus ride was on a brand new air conditioned coach, not a broken down old van.Check-In: We came on a packed full bus load, and were the last to get off, so we ended up in the end of the line to check in. We were dreding a long wait in the heat, but within 15 minutes we were in our rooms with our luggage.Rooms: The rooms were good, not great. There were no major problemes with them, just some minor things like: The beds were not that comfortable, and if you left the air-conditioning on all day you would frezze but if you turn it off you would die in the heat. On a positive note they were cleaned everyday without exception and the bathroom was large and spacious. Like everyone says Who spends time in their room anyways. ***Dont Drink The Tap Water***Beach: The beach was beautiful. White sand set against the light blue of the ocean. There was more than enough chairs for everyone, you might have to move them around a little, but they were there. The water a little rough, but nothing insain, besides it's fun to splash in the waves. You can also walk both ways for as far as the eye can see.Pools: The pools were awesome. Had lots of fun times in the two pools. There is a large shallower pool with the HUGH swim up bar, lots of places to sit, a jucuzzi sort of area with jets, and the beautiful large staircase entering the pool. The smaller, slightly deeper pool is a little quieter since most of the activities take place in the large pool. Both pools are warm and a nice alternative to hanging out at the beach.Restaurants: At the Bambu their are two main places to eat: The Colonial, and Mamajuana's. The Colonial is the main buffet next to the lobbey. It is open for a full breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The only real dress code that we heard of, is that you wore shoes. We saw people in shorts, bathing suits, everthing. Mamajuana's is a much smaller buffet that they call a snack bar. They serve a continental breakfast and lunch. The nice thing about this palce is that it is right next to the pools and the beach. There is no dress code at Mamajuana's. There is also three A la Carte restaurants that you can use. The Caribe Grill is the best, it is at the Palace, but they allow guests from the Bambu to use it. The other two are the Steakhouse, and the Mederterainian.Food: The food at the resort is excellent compared to other resorts in the D.R. There is an excellent varietyat the buffet from roast beef and turkey to seafood and pasta. There is also things from home like french fries and fried chicken. I was a little disapointed with the desserts, I think they geared towards a european crowd. But their was a self serve soft ice cream machien in Mamajuana's, It was great. If you get tired of the buffet (you most likly will) book the Caribe Grill. It is a five coarse meal right on the beach(the shrimp is awesome). We also went to the Steakhouse, it was good but not even close to the Caribe. Did'nt go to the Mederterainian, but i'm sure the food is similar to the Steakhouse, since they were in the same building.Bars: There were several bar around the resort. They all served the same drinks, you just had to choose the atmosphere you liked. Such as the swim-up bar, the main bar, or the bar in the stage area. There are so many tasty drinks to mention I cant list them all. If you are a beer drinker, you might be a bit disapointed, but the beer is not unbearable, I gained a taste for it as the week went on.Water Sports: If your not the type to sit around all day, you can head down to the water sports center where you can participate in all kinds of free watersports like kayaking, peddel boating, or windsurfing. There is also sports that you pay to do like: Parasailing(awesome), banana boating, and jet skiing. There is also a snorkelling excursion to a coral reef that we took, it was well worth the $25. Remember to bring bread and the fish wont leave you alone. It was an unforgetable experience.Trips: We took one trip, it was the Saona Island excursion. The ONLY down side to this trip is the bus ride. We were the first pick up and by the time we got to the boat it was an hour and a half later. Aside from that it was amazing. You get on a very fast speed boat that first takes you out to a naturel swimming pool were they give rum and cokes and let you take pictures with the starfish. Next its of to the island where you get the rest of the day to relax is the calm warm water, or sit on the white sand. In the afternoon they give you a very good lunch which was included. During the whole day the bar was open, and you could even pour yur own drinks if you wanted! Note- This calm beach was a nice change to the always breezee beach at the Bambu.Shows: The shows were not the highlight of the trip, but we did'nt expect them to be so it was'nt a big disapointment. They were a little corny, but they tried hard. Some of the best shows were when they just pulled people out of the crowd and let everybody watch them humiliate themselves on stage for a bottle of rum.Staff: All of the staff were very nice and always said hola when they walked by. They work long hours for little money, so it's amazing how they keep a positive attitude. I know it says tips are included in the trip but we tipped and so did everybody else we talked to. There is no pressure to tip, but you will feel like tipping after you see the job these people do. Our favorite staff members were Fernando at the Colonial, A.J. at the swim-up bar, and Manuel at the main bar. These guys were the nicest people you could meet. If you see them say hola. The award for most annoying staff member was Eddie Murphy he was one of the people on the animation team.The Other RIU's: Out of all the RIU's in Punta Cana I liked the Bambu the best, honestly. The rest were nice, the Palace lobbey was beautiful but the hotel seemed a bit to ritzy for a family. The Taino would be my next choice but their was'nt as much of a fun atmosphere as the Bambu, and the pool was'nt as nice. It was nice to be able to go around to the other resorts and hang out for the afternoon if you wanted. Check-Out: Even faster than check-in, just hand over your key, and say good bye.Overall: The Bambu is a great place to take a holiday, it is the best value for your money and a good place to take your family. But if your looking for a party resort, this is not the spot for you, the place was pretty much shut down by midnight. Anyways I had a great week, and I would go back in a heart beat...next time for two weeks. Have a good vacation!!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaT2112
<Content>Loved the Riu Bambu We went to the Riu Bambu in November 2004. We had the best time! The staff is wonderful - the food was fine. The swim-up bar was great! We didn't have the nicest weather, but it really didn't matter, since everything else was so good. We had 2 kids with us, 4 and 8, and they thought it was the best too! Kids club wasn't anything to write home about, but they loved the mini disco and they shows. And everyone was so nice to them! They have everything you need, but expect to pay a lot for anything you forgot! Sunscreen is like $30 USD! Luckily, I brought plenty - just checked the price because I was curious. Beaches are beautiful - the most beautiful I have ever seen. Water is clean and warm. Pool is beautiful (a little deep for small ones - bring the swimmies!). I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A different kind of review I spent two weeks at the Riu bambu with my girlfriend. She flew in from Europe. One mistake we made. She flew into Santo Domingo airport instead of Punta Cana. I thought it would only add an hour to her taxi ride to the hotel. Wrong! It's three hours and $130. I read all the reviews here before I chose the Riu Bambu and the reviews are very helpful and accurate in their descriptions. The food problems I read had me nervous but I was very happy with the buffet and neither myself nor my girlfried got sick. So, instead of covering what all the other reviews have already covered I will write about some other issues. Money was not an issue at all as far as currency exchange goes. Everyone accepts USD and many times will be able to give you USD in change. No ATM to be found anywhere. Internet Cafe is available at the resort. Not very fast but gets the job done for emails. $3 for 20 minutes.Single? This is not the place for singles. 90% are couples. If your a single girl you will have a lot of opportunity. That is because of the staff of mostly men. They are very aggressive to any girl who is alone. My girlfriend was swarmed everytime she did not have me by her side. Their behavior suprised me a little because had I wanted to I could have went to managment and complained. Not sure what would have been done but still it surprised me that they would risk their jobs just to hit on a pretty girl. The nightlife is limited. Only one disco on the resort. It's a good disco and played good music. Again don't leave your girl alone for too long. The men will move on her. The disco played a mix of local music and our regular dance music. The animation staff are allowed to hang out at the disco. No other resort workers are allowed. Basically after dinner you go to the shows which end at 11 pm. The disco then opens at 11 pm. If you decide not to go to the disco then your only other option is to hang out at the one cocktail bar which isn't all bad. You will usually meet someone from another country and make new friends. Laundry can be done at the resort for about a $1 or $2 per item of clothing. The iron they provide if you want to press your own is a joke. Better to pack a travel iron. I will next time.Only complaints I have is the beds are a little stiff but they are plenty big. They put two full size (US standard) beds together. The pillows are very thin. Oh! The one thing that really drove me crazy was everytime the maid cleaned the room she would turn off the main power switch by the door. This would reset the digital alarm clock in the room so I had to set each each day. All in all the resort is gorgeous. It is not a five star by US standards but is a solid four star. A great place to take a girl. It is very romantic. I enjoyed my stay there and would do it again!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beach to 'fly' for! 4 Adults (40ish), 3 children (8-13) stayed at Riu Bambu November 19-26th. In light of the Malaria outbreak, I will note that yes, there are mosquitos from dusk to dawn so do take your DEET and anti-malaria pills, if you're so inclined. Thankfully, none of us are sick (so far!)Skyservice - sucks! They even made me check my carry-on because it weighed too much??? Never heard of such a thing! (I think I had a new guy - the other family we travelled with did not have their carry- ons weighed). Needless to say, important snacks, books and games for kids were unavailable for the flight down. Coming back - no problem - they actually encourage you to stuff your carry-on since you are charged extra $$ for overweight checked baggage. Go figure! Beach - Awesome! Rooms - Good. Very clean (the fridge could be a little colder, though)Food - If you're picky, could be a problem. Fortunately, I'm not so enjoyed everything immensely. Didn't get sick. My husband did, however, get sick, and he ate everything also. The picky eaters didn't get sick at all (I guess you can't go wrong with pizza twice a day for seven days:)Drinks - Good. They do seem a little watered down (the bottles of rum we won state 34% alcohol, so when you are used to 40%, I guess that's why they seem a little lame). Just ask for more booze!Animation team - the very best! These people work soooo hard and dance from morning 'till night. If you are a dancer or enjoy watching dancers, you will enjoy the nightly shows. If you don't, you'll be bored stiff. I, myself, enjoyed the shows, dance lessons, water aerobics, etc. immensely. When the music started, so did I! I didn't gain a pound on this trip!!Tipping - we tipped, but found it didn't get us anywhere. But that wasn't the point - we tipped because we like to, and felt good about it.Thanks to everyone on this site who leaves their little suggestions, such as taking thermal cups, key chains, Immodium, Pepto, Bandaids (all of which we used). Here is some further advice:IF YOU WEAR GLASSES, TAKE AN EXTRA PAIR- A poor woman slipped entering the pool and bashed her head on a rock - broke her glasses, a piece of which never was recovered from the pool!BENADRYL or the likes - My friend was stung by a bee and luckily I had brought some (reduced the itchiness and swelling)EXLAX - if you are a constipated travellor like me (getting up at 3:30 a.m. to catch a flight just threw off my whole schedule!), it might be a good idea to take along. Only needed it on day one to get myself back on track.All in all, it was one of the best trips I've been on. Having been to many resorts in Jamaica (some of which are like prisons with all the gates and fences, even along the beach), you will love the wide open feeling with lots of room to roam safely, within the resorts or along the beach.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>USA, Enjoyed the Riu Bambu We just got back on 12-3-04 from one week at the Riu Bambu and had a lovely time. I would recommend this resort. We are a couple in our late forties/early fifties and were looking for a place to relax with a beautiful beach. Hope this review helps:Staff: Very friendly and very helpful. I read previous revews about how the staff was unfriendly, this was not true. Hotel: Lovely grounds and kept very clean. Staff was always cleaning. Lobby is very nice. Rooms are small along with the bathroom. Beds and pillows are uncomfortable, but how much time do you spend in your room? For the price, you can not beat this resort. If you are looking for more plush environment, try the Riu Palace. We walked over there and it was more luxurious. It may be worth the added price.Food: Very good but not fabulous. We ate at the buffet several times for dinner and daily for lunch and breakfast. Lots of choices!! All the food was good and varied. The desserts, well the best I can say is they helped me not to overeat. The desserts were not typical American desserts. Most looked similar to a cheescake, but were dry and a little spongy. The ice cream was good but could have been kept colder. We ate at the a la carte restaurants three times, the best a la carte restaurant was the Caribe Grill which is actually located at the Riu Palace. Very good!! Service was better there also. Most important, no sickness/diarrea. My husband took two pepto before each meal, I took none. Neither of us had any stomach/gastro problems at all.Beach: Very beautiful soft powdery sand, we walked on the beach for miles on either side of the resort. Nothing to hurt your feet, no rocks or shells. The water was various shades of blue, very beautiful. the waves were a little rough for our preference. Not the tranquil waters of the Caribbean. However, the rough waters were fun to play in but can knock you over easily so be careful. The use of the non-motorized water sports had to be reserved a day in advance. A little inconvenient but it all worked out once we got used to it. No problem with beach chairs, they were plentiful. Lots of palm trees for shade or plenty of open beach for sun.Nightlife: The animation shows came on around 10:00 pm. They were entertaining, all dancing and music. However, the entertainment team also has professional dancers from various countries who were very good. The theatre is outside in the open air. Knowing this, you would think the cigarette smoke would not bother you. Not true!! I have never seen so many cigarette/cigar smokers together in one place. We were definately in the minority with the smoking. Most people were European, I guess they like to smoke.If you are looking for an inexpensive place to relax, nice walking and relaxing beach, this is the place for you. I think you will enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Punta Cana and the Riu Bambu! I went to the Riu Bambu 10/4-10/8. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is very friendly. Most of the staff knew English so it wasn't too difficult to communicate. We didn't need to exchange any money at all. We did all our shopping on Caribbean Street and all the shops took USD.We were a little worried travelling so soon after the hurricane but everything was fine. The only visible damage was the roof at the airport was missing in spots and some of the trees were knocked over along the roadway. At the hotel you would even notice until you went into the ocean and looked in to shore. You could tell some of the trees were blown in pretty bad. The beach was absolutely beautiful. The water was clear and gorgeous. There were palm trees all over the beach, which I liked. There were plenty of beach chairs to go around and we had no problem finding shade when we wanted it. There was a nice ocean breeze most of the time so we could lay out all day and not get too hot. It did rain a little each day and not for very long. After 5 minutes is was beatiful out again.The rooms were nice and of good size for 2 people. If you are bringing a family you may find it a little small though. The rooms were cleaned very well every day. I read some things about other resorts having poor water pressure and that is definatley not a problem here. I found the food to be very good. There was plenty of choices and had no problem finding things I enjoyed. The soup and the dessert were excellent. The drinks are not very strong so you may need to ask for more alcohol if you like strong drinks. They were all good though.I enjoyed the entertainment. Some of it was cheesy but these people work very hard and are good at what they do. After the shows the staff likes to pull people from the crowd onstage to dance with them. So be prepared that if you sit too close you will probably be asked to go up.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Vacation Wow, I can't really say enough. The resort was beautiful!!! We arrives on Monday October 4 and stayed till Friday the 8, 2004. As with previous reviews being read I was a little worried about going, but when I got to the Riu Bambu, there was very little damage. I do realize that they had said Riu complex was not hit very hard. The only sign of damage to to area was some piles of sand in places that it didn't belong and some obvious tree damage, with that said lack of help wasn't around the Resort was plentyful. There were people working all day to clean up the broken palm fronds. Now with that bit of business over with, stop your worrying and go!!!!!The ride from the airport to the Resort was a bit fearful. ( I said alot of prayers) I am not sure where everyone learned to drive, to say the least. You will understand what I mean when you get there.Once we arrived to the Riu Complex, things changed and everything was beautiful. All of the Riu hotels were very pretty. When we got the the Bambu we were greated by VERY friendly staff who gave us our key for the room and for the lock box, then they directed us to our rooms.Walking to the rooms was very peaceful and relaxing, not alot of people out wondering around the sidewalks. There are many little buildings with 8 rooms inside each, 4 up and 4 downstairs. The rooms were very nice, tile floors and nicely decorated walls and wood wor. The only thing that I didn't like about the room was that there are 2 twin beds pushed together to look like a King, but the are made seperatly, so if your going with a couple I recomend getting your own rooms. I wish that the beds would have been seperated. The food was awesome. I never got tired of eating a the Main resturant. It is buffet style, alot of the food was the same day to day, but some was change with each meal. Oh, if you want to get into the other resturants you MUST get up early to get reservation. They fill up fast.The entertainment was interesting. At night they had shows. They really like dancing! They also did the musical Grease one night. O.k it wasn't perfect but atleast they tried and looked like they were having a great time. On our last night there, the had a street festival on Calle Caribe (where the shops are) and this showed alot of their history and what they believe in.And of course the beach. Very nice!! We never had trouble finding chairs or finding a good spot to just relax. Plently of palm trees for shade and plenty of sun. The water was the many beautiful shades of green and blue that we imagine and very warm. Everyday was atleast 85 degrees and usually had a passing shower, most people just stayed on the beach till it passed.All of the staff was extremely friendly, looked like they really enjoyed their jobs and always said hi. As for the tipping that everyone is worried about. We tipped the maid, the bell man and taxi driver. Which is custom in the U.S. As for tipping the other emplyees, do as you wish, but we still had great service without tipping them. We didn't see many other peolple tipping, and we also found out the mostly the Americans tip, which leads them to believe that we are rich and big spenders.So, with all that great information, go and have agreat time. It's well worth the time and money that your will invest in it.Oh, by the was I NEVER got the stomach bug that everyone seems to mention. And one last thing not many visitors or employees speak english, this is a huge European Destination and your are visiting another Country, so don't get upset when some of the employees don't understand what you are trying to say.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buzios
<Content>Watch out if you go to Punta Cana.............. I made a great mistake... arrived at the Riu Bambu 24 hours after the Tropical Storm / Hurricane Jeanne om September 18.All Riu hotels were inaccesibe unless stepping into a tractor with a cart due to flooding.........no TV, no tours...and the flooded water was contaminated with served waters.....very smelly...Many other Hotels were very damaged, some inoperative.The staff was excellent, really motivated although they also certainly must have personally been very affected by the storm. They cleaned up the beaches as well as possible in 48 hours, but the whole area is very damaged ( no ATM's, etc. )Food was good, no problems with water or drinks. They tried to set up a show every night, but it was so amateurish and bad that I went to sleep better.If you want a beautiful beach, there it is, but expect no great pluses, which is understandable, and who knows how long it will take to clean up the mess.Really sad damage to a beatiful part of the world. Many tours cancelled and left.I stuck till the end and enjoyed the sun and surroundings, but was unable to do anything else than staying at the hotel 7 days...Good luck, check the REAL status before you go, that is my recommendation.Hope this was helpful to some traveler.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time at Riu Bambu Our family ( 2 kids, aged: 1 and 5) and 3 other families ( each with 2 kids all under 12) stayed at the Riu Bambu for 2 weeks last year ( Nov 7 to the 21).We had a fantastic time. No one got sick, not even the kids. There was a great kids club that kept the children entertained, and the kids loved the mini disco. ( every evening around 8:00)The staff was fantastic, I need milk every evening for my little one and they were always very accomodating and supplied me with a sealed container of milk every time, I asked for milk.We were on the beach for most of the day, and there were plenty of activities for everyone. From beach voleyball to 'bocca' to soccer to bingo, to merengue dancing.Because we were a large group with children we choose the early seating for dinner, and loved the fact that we always had the same table every night. The food was always very tasty and lots of it. We all put on some extra pounds.The weather could have been better, but that is beyond anyone control. It rained every day for about 30 minutes in the morning and then again in the afternoon. But we did not let that ruin our vacation and we all still got a very nice tan.The beach was nice, but I expected the water to be a little bluer than what it was, but still a nice beach.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed review My husband and I went to the Riu the first week of August. There were some definite pluses and minuses. We have been to one other all-inclusive resort (Occidental Grand Flamenco) in Rivera Maya, Mexico. Comparing the two, the Occidental in Mexico was a much better resort. The beach at the Riu is absolutely beautiful. We never had trouble finding a lounge in the shade and the beach is very well-maintained. We also heard that the water was the clearest in the beach area that the Riu is located. The water was crystal clear and the water activities included (paddle boat, kayak, catamaran) were a lot of fun. The resort itself is very pretty and well-maintained also. Now some negatives: Punta Cana is beautiful but there is really absolutely nothing to do outside of the resort. I would not suggest the island to someone with children or someone who likes to venture out a little. We did go on a half day snorkeling excursion (booked through APPLE) that we both loved. It was well worth the money and we had a great time. We also went to Captain Cook's restaurant off the resort. A bus comes to pick you up directly. I would not recommend that. It was $45 a person and the food was below average and the restaurant is nothing special. I definitely would not waste your money on that. The rooms at the Riu are clean and adequate but certainly not up to a 5 start standard. The room was very clean but the air conditioner was inadequate. Even at the lowest temp, it was barely cool. We heard from other guests that they had the same problem so we did not ask to change rooms. The worst part was the food. The best way to describe the food was completely hit or miss. Sometimes it was good, other times it was horrible. Neither my husband nor I are picky eaters and both of us were unhappy with the quality of the food. The restaurants are a bit better than the buffet but it is really the pool snack area turned into two restuarants at night. Unlike our experience at the Occidental, you really never feel like you are in a restaurant. Also, if you went to the dining room towards the end of the lunch period (last 45 minutes or so) most of the tables were not cleared off. So the dining room was VERY dirty during the lunch hour. In sum, if you have already booked your trip do not get overly concerned. I would sugest taking a lot of Pepto with you and enjoy the beach. If you have not, I would look around for other resorts.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disliked the Riu Bambu Riu Bambu property is picture perfect. Marble and beautiful wood everywhere, beach is gorgeous, however the first two nights we stayed in a second floor room in which the air conditioning would only cool to a minimum of 87.5 F. They moved us to a first floor room with great air conditioning but hundreds of tiny ants everywhere. Twice the maid needed to come in and spray our room. Third day I was sick in bed for a day and the fifth day my husband was sick in bed for a day with a fever of 102.5 F, vomiting and severe stomach cramps. We have been to Punta Cana before, at the Occidental Allegro, twice to Aruba at the Occidental Allegro, once to Cancun at the Sun Palace, once to Riveria Maya at the Iberostar Tucan and once to Puerto Vallarta at the Occidental Allegro. This was the first time we ever got this sick. A little stomach problems but nothing like this time at the Riu Bambu. It seems that at least every other person had some sort of sickness. Our rep at the hotel informed us that about 90 percent of their clients get sick down in Punta Cana. I would do another Riu in a heartbeat, just never again in Punta Cana. Feel free to e=mail me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good time, would try something else next time We visited the Riu Bambu in late May/early June of this year. For the most part, we had a good time and were prepared for some of the little things that could have made the trip horrible. Def tip waiters/maids/bar tenders--these people make close to nothing and a few dollars isn't going to ruin your vacation! We went with Vacation Express, and you get what you pay for. THis is not 5 stars, but considering it was half the cost of other islands, we felt we got a good bargain!AIRPORT:Hot, but efficient. Had luggage and was directed to bus right away. The hotel is about 30-45 mins away, but so are most hotels..some are even further.HOTEL:They bus first stopped at the Riu Macoa which is def the nicest hotel out of the 5 Rui, but not sure if it is worth the extra money. They took our bags off the bus and luckily I saw this and was able to correct it before my bags were lost forever!Check in was a snap, as they give you all your keys, including the safe key at once. THe rooms here are old fashioned keys and not electronic ones, which casued us issues late (see below). FOOD:They assigned us to a dinner table and seating time, which is yours for the whole week at the buffet. We ate at the Caribe over at the Macoa and it was worth getting up at 7am for the reservation. The steakhouse and seafood grill are unairconditioned, but there was plenty of food that was ok at best. Ie not worth your time. The buffet is good, but its a lot of repeats and like someone said, everything tastes a bit off--even the pizza and pasta. The only explanation I could come up with is that this is how it tastes in Europe which is who this resort is catered to. Americans are def the minority--about 10% or less. Lots of Canadians though. STAFFVery friendly and appreciative of any tips. The bartenders will make you whatever you want and you can always ask for more alcohol. FOr the most part, English is there 4th or so language (Spanish, German, French, so on), so def be prepared with some conversational spanish or buy a pocket dictionary. We never saw the maids b/c we were out on the beach during the day, but they did a good job.ROOMS: Very adequate and we expected much worse, after reading some reviews. Nicer than most Comfort Inns, but not much. Bring your own shampoos, soaps, toothpaste b/c it is either not provided or so watery. Also, buy all your sunscreens, aloe, medication before hand b/c it is sooo expensive down there. The fridge does not get very cold, but we dealt with it. We brought snacks with us ie goldfish (which someone suggested) which was a great idea and helped get us through rougher food days.EXCURSIONS:There are people on the beach trying to sell you tours all the time. We went on the snorkling with sharks adventure and found it worth our buck. The sharks are huge and its not too long if you get sick on boats like me. (bring your dramamine!)We did the banana boating right at the hotel, but the guy flipped us over on purpose going quite fast, which we all complained was very painful. Don't go horseback riding! We wasted our day driving all the way there (its far) and then the ranch was so rundown. Since there was another family with us that spoke Spanish, I felt safe but the whole excusions was a bit un-nerving on the safety side. They did not give us any lessons and my boyfriend had never riden before--his horse took off running, but he was able to slow it down. Again you feel bad b/c there is so much poverty, but I would not recommend horseback riding.BEACHES:Gorgeous and unlike the bahamas there aren't people peddling goods. Further up the beach there are stands to buy soveneirs from, but stand your ground in bargaining. YEs there were some topless women and men in v. small bathing suits, but thats Europeans! We got over it, but always seemed like the overweight topless ladys took the beach chairs right in front of us. We had no problems finding beach chairs, but if you were with a big group you might. The palm trees are heavinly and its amazing how the beach is 15degrees cooler than the hotel! The water was clear and marked Overall--we had a very good time and for an-allinclusive for under 800bucks for a whole week--you just can't find that anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did not enjoy My husband and I visited June 17 for four nights. We stayed at the Riu Bambu. The resort itself is beautiful and the beach is picture perfect. We read alot of reviews and went with an open mind. The transportation to the hotel and check in was fine. It wasn't too long after that problems began. There is a very large language barrier. We asked the maid for mucho diet cola for two days, we never got. There were little bugs that had a trail from the tile on the side of the bathtub to the middle of the floor in our room. We did take bug repellant and used it in the crevice but they just found another entry point. And I'm talking hundreds of these things. I did get bit up in bed one night so I'm sure they are everywhere. It seemed like everytime you went to the bar the bar tenders would look at you and continue to do whatever they were doing, like you were bothering them. Alot of reviews we read said that if you tip them service went a long way. Not. The only person that seemed to appreciate a tip was the dining room staff. The food at the buffet was average at best. We did eat in one of the specialty restaurants one night and the food was good but small portions very elegant like a french restaurant. We did take an snorkleing excursion where we swam with stingrays and nurse sharks which was totally cool. On our third day we both came down with some kind of stomach flu or food poisoning. We have both been on a diet since february so we really watched what we ate and we maybe had a two or three drinks daily so the sickness was definitly not from overindulgence. We were very careful not even to rinse our toothbrushes with tap water. I even went as far as using listerene to rinse them and any glassware used in our room. The shows at night were very lame bad lip sinking to Grease when you don't speak English. Lots of Europeans and Canadians. They really must get a bang for their buck. Most vacations out of the country we have been on have been either mostly American or an even mixture. The big draw also for European is going topless. Us Americans are not as carefree. It was tasteful and after the initial shock no big deal at all unless you are traveling with children. Needless to say this was not one of our favorite vacations. On a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the best, I would rate it about a 4.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST TRIP OF A LIFETIME........ Riu Bambu in Dominican Republic is the BEST HOTEL you will ever get! Let me tell you if you are not satisfied with the wonderful dominican people that work hard there or the food or the service or the cleanlieness then you have honestly LOST YOUR MINDS! I`m telling you that if you did not like this hotel you are way to picky and need to calm down because you are the type of person that wants everything to be perfect and be better then anywhere else and everything has to reache your potential.....believe me you WILL NOT get a better hotel then this! The people there are EXTREMELY NICE......the food was EXCELLENT, the shows were amazing and the service was great! I would go back to Riu Bambu any minute!!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not five star, but not completely HORRIBLE I went to the Riu Bambu around Easter of this year. I didnt bother writing a review when I came back because I was so annoyed in general, but now I think I can be more objective. First of all, if you're used to nice hotels and resorts in the US or Mexico, you will NOT like this, unless you're willing to rough it a bit.Hotel: BEAUTIFUL...but common areas are not air conditioned at all...that makes it painful when it's raining and you just want to sit in the lobby for a bit. it's SO hot! It's always slippery. They're constantly cleaning the floors (good) but that makes it really slippery. I fell a few times. The rooms are definitely not 5 star level. The AC only worked for the first of 8 days, the shower curtain stuck to your body while you showered, there are no washcloths, the water is DEFINITELY undrinkable, which makes it hard to brush your teeth, etc. I guess the only other thing I can say about the rooms is that they're just average. Pool: It's too small, and full of too many kids screaming and splashing. I managed to grab a corner and float around to get my tan though, but it wasnt peaceful. If they had a separate pool for children, it'd be greatly improved. Beach: SOOOOO gorgeous. The only part of the vacation that couldnt be improved upon. The water was for the most part really really clear. Food: the first night we were like what are all these people saying the food is bad for? it's fine but the 3rd day, forget it. It's all the same, and all bland. And...a little off. It's hard to explain. Definitely not 5 star food. Help: They are for the most part friendly, but if you want to be in your room when the maid has it in her head that she wants to clean it, forget it. Even if you have your do not disturb on! That was fun. Some people made better drinks than others, and for the most part you could totally direct them as to how much alcohol, etc. But dont forget to ask for alcohol or you wont get any!Lets see what else. The trip to the airport is a little long and bumpy and scary. Some people dont like to be in cars, so that's something to consider. Tipping didnt seem to affect the service one way or another. Gosh, I cant really think of anything else right now. I will tell you that I definitely wont go back. Not to just this hotel, but to the Dominican Republic in general. I dont believe it's quite at the level that an American tourist expects yet. If you've already booked your trip and it's too late, feel free to email me any questions you might have. It wont be the worst trip you've been on, I promise!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star resort Definitely Not a 5 Star Hotel!!!! Hate to Complain but When You Spend Money to Have a Nice Vacation and You Can鈥檛 Enjoy, its Very upsetting. Arriving at the Punta Cana Airport Was Fine, we had absolutely no problems arriving or leaving the airport. You do need to purchase a $10.00 tourist card when you arrive. The bus ride is about an hour long, when staying at the Riu Bambu you are the last stop. We arrived and everything looked very nice. The lobby area is very nice looking and the pool areas are nice. Not the cleanest place at all. Around the pool areas there was a lot of sand from the beach that they didn鈥檛 clean very often. The rooms are okay looking but they smell very musty and moldy, the plumbing in the bathroom was terrible. When you get sick from their food, the plumbing part of it got very annoying. The beds are two doubles pushed together, not comfortable at all. The rooms were not clean; they did not clean the sheets the whole time we were there (which was 8 days 7 nights). The food was very bad, did not taste good. It made us sick. Make sure to bring peptol bismal  Imodium AD, more than likely you will need it. At the buffet the dishes were dirty; they do not clean them very well. The food is catered to the Europeans. The Europeans are not friendly at all!!!! We only ran into about a dozen Americans. The drinks were good, but make sure you tell them to add alcohol in the fruity drinks. They don鈥檛 add it unless you ask. The beach  ocean were gorgeous. We spent most all of our time at the beach. The weather was great. It was hot, humid,  very sunny. It only rained once when we were there for about 10 minutes, and had one partly sunny day. The people that work there are friendly. Make sure to get the beach/pool towels after breakfast, they run out of them very fast. Javier at the swim up pool bar is very nice. We tipped him a dollar or two a day and he really took care of us. Hopefully you鈥檒l have a better experience. GOOD LUCK!!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip to Riu Bambu Spent 5 wonderful days at Riu Bambu. Hotel is well maintained, beach is perfect with constant gentle breeeze, never gets too hot, food is wonderful and plentiful, people are very helpful and friendly. Only problem was diarrhea at the end of the trip. It is very difficult to avoid the tap water.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu...Frst class hotel We have just returned from the Riu Bambu and loved every moment of it. The staff cannot do enough for you and the food is excellent. The beach is immaculate and every effort is made to make your holiday something special.Our friends had returned with us after only 3 months and they never go twice to any place!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation We just returned from our two week honeymoon. The whole riu complex was amazing. The staff bent over backwards to make sure you had exactly what you wanted and had a great time. The animation staff at the bamboo was second to none..Wendy, Jimmy, Richard and the rest were fantastic. I would like to throw a special thanks to AJ the bartender at the pool bar who kept us feeling good all day. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amsweet77
<Content>Excellent Beach We just came back last night from out trip. We had a great time! Vacations are what you make of it. When you go to a foreign country, do not expect the same culture/food/luxuries that you would get at home. I am surprised at some of the reviews here, very surprised. If you were a Philadelphia native  went to California, would you complain that you could not find a Cheesesteak there? No. Accept the fact that each county is different. The food is different, the service is different. We are very spoiled here.Beaches were incredible. We walked up  down, found the beach at the Bambu the best, very lush  tropical.Rooms were fine, we had everything we needed. Had to borrow a converter for my hairdryer, no big deal. The outlets were very odd, so either borrow a hairdryer from the desk or a converter. Refreshments were refilled every other day. Rooms were cleaned every single day. We did leave the maid little gifts, she took great care of us.We stayed in block 21, it was very, very quiet, with an upstairs balcony.Food - we did not starve, there was food 24/7. I did get a little bored at breakfast, but I usually only eat a yougurt.There were so many choices. There was Mexican night, Caribbean night. We ate at both the StreakHouse  the Medittranean. They were both excellent. My husband ate goat one evening, he said it was tasty! There is an endless supply of American food: fries, pizza, hamburgers, hotdogs, etc. You will never be hungry.You can make your dinner reservations in the moring for that day. Go early. There is plenty of drinking water available, do not drink the tap water.Animation/Entertainment - Get involved! That is the way to have fun! They leave you alone if you want peace, but it is more fun to participate.The shows at night were cheesy, but we had a good laugh about it.Pool - Very good, large swim-up bar, jacuzzi we had fun there, the water games were hysterical. Beach - Oh my, the most excellent beach I have ever seen. It is hard to believe it is the Atlantic Ocean, it is so beautiful. We sat there for hours reading, sleeping. By the way, women walk abound without their top. It is an European thing.Watersports - do it! Take a paddle boat, it is fun. We tried everything.Tours - We did the Outback Safari - So interesting. If you are visiting another country, you should get to know the people  the history. We were so well informed. Jose' was out tour guide, he was very smart and courteous. We toured a coffee plantation, a schhol, a small home and a lovely ranch for lunch. The beach was the best part. I suggest doing that early in your trip, so you will be more understanding of your surroundings  culture.Staff - So friendly, the remember you  give you a handshake  a hug every day. Give the bartenders a $1.00 and they are your friend for life. Even the little towel guy, he was so happy, every single day, standing there in the balzing sun, handing out towels. He deserves respect, we fell in love with him, so sweet.Language - Ok, here was my biggest barrier, thank God my husband speeks Spanish. They speak 4 different languages there: Spanish, German, French, English. English is very hard for them. Study up a little on simple phrases. Know hello, thank you, Good evening, it goes a long way.There are a lot of people visioting from Germany, it is very big to visit this resort. They have thier own Travel Agent in the hotel. They are very friendly. Kids - the staff pays extra special attention to the, We were kicking ourselves that we left ours home. Angela was with them from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm. She was great. Kids were treated as guests. They all seemed to be having fun.Suggestions - *Hit the beach first, pool chairs free up around 3:00.*Bring floats for the ocean.*Bring lots of cash for shopping, small bils for tips. It is an unwritten rule here to tip your maid a 1.00 every day, or leave gifts. Tip your bartender at night, he will make your drinks so powerful. Tip the towel guy at the end of your trip, I tought he was going to cry when we handed him 2.00.*Bring pepto, aspirin  immodium. I have the weakest stomach in the world. For the most part I was ok. Overindulgence will get you every time.*Bring lots of sunscreen, we went through 3 bottles. Have a great tan too.*See your travel agent in the beginning of the week. If you can't find him/her at the lobby, go to the bookshelf there  finf the tour/travel company book. Your agent  phone number will be in that book. Call them*Phone cards to not work in the Dominican Republic. don't bother buying one.*Keep your cash safe. Nerver use your Visa/Check Card or ATM card. Use cash or a secure credit card with fraud protection.*Do not buy the cigars at the hotel  on the beach. They are FAKE. If you want cigars, see your tour/travel agent. Tell her you want to go to Don Lucas cigars. They pick you up  bring you back for free. My husband said the cigars are excellent. The man in charge there speaks English, they are freindly  you can smoke one for free B4 you buy.*$10.00 per person tourist fee when entering the country from USA. Bring cash for that.*PArty Thursday night on Caribbean street, do not miss that.*Beach BBQ on Saturday - good food, lots of rum punch. Dancing - right abound 11:30 that starts behind the ppol bar on the beach.*Get a massage on the beach. $30.00 for over 30 miuntes. Best relaxing massage you will ever have.Hope this helps, you may email me if you have any questions about RIU BAMBU!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jungle Paradise Hello, we stayed at the bambu for 2 weeks. NO COMPLAINTS WHATSOEVER! The resort is absolutely gorgeous. The size of it is just right. People are very friendly, the food was good but bring Immodium. The drinks are definetly not watered down. Every night was a different show for the entire stay. The beach is no doubt a TROPICAL PARADISE and there is always a breeze to keep you cool..and lots of topless! The rooms are kept very clean. Would definetly recommend this resort to anyone.   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation We just returned from the Riu Bambu and like everyone else read some of the comments posted, and have to say that the Riu Bambu is by far the most up-beat resort of all the Riu's in Punta Cana. If you are looking for a quite time then go the Riu Palace, but for a vacation that has little of everything, then Bambu is for you. The staff are very friendly, and the beach, well nothin beats a long stretch of white sands and clear blue water. The food is alright, and the buffte was actually pretty good...(what are the chances of that ever happening). They do have three resturants to choose from, all you have to do is make reservations. Try the Caribe Grill it is on the beach and books up quick b/c only 100 are allowed each night to dine. The bar staff are always smiling, and the wait staff are always helpful. There are theme nights at the hotel and you probably want to dine at the resturants that are hosting the theme party and thursday night is a caribbean street party and all the riu's come together and put on a big party with drinks and entertainment. The hotel rooms are great, clean and their air conditioned, with a tv, safe and if you forget your travel iron (like we did) they have one at the front desk and also mini bar that is re-stocked every two days with drinks (no food)Overall, you will definitely enjoy Riu Bambu, the weather is great 32-35 every day. The airport is really crazy expensive, for example, a 500 ml of gaterade is $4 US, so if you are gonna be hungry or thirsty grab something from the hotel before you leave. And what ever you read that's negative, just rememeber you're on vacation and it's what you make of it. So go with the flow and have a great time at Riu Bambu!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding vacation  We've just came back from our vacation. Riu Bambu is amazing!!! Wonderful people, excellent food, amazing beaches! We had a great time. We definitly will go back there with our son. We read some reviews before we went there, and found some complains about this place. Just ignore, BECAUSE RIU BAMBU IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PLACE TO VISIT. After being there we truly guarentee.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beaches This hotel is beautiful, the people and service are outstanding, I mean they couldn't do enough for you. If I had it to do over again I would stay at the Palace, Secrets or the Breezes. Our biggest complaint was the food not so good everything over cooked dry and tasteless. Seafood is a joke there shimp is so small, you would think being in this island it would be good NOT. we had Lobster one night and it was all cut up in little pieces and cooked in somekind of sause and over cooked. talking to other people they had lobster at the palace, whole lobster tails. And the heat it was very hot and the only thing that is air conditioned is your room so by the time you walked either to the main dinning room to eat or the other resturants you were soaked in sweat. I think they should have some of the resturants air conditioned. Even the entertainment was too hot to enjoy with no air, plus kids running around screaming. the secrets and breezes are adults only. The rooms were small but very cute and very clean. the only bugs we saw were those little fruit fly, they were everywhere. The swim up bar was nice but they allow kids there and sometimes you couldn't enjoy for the kids running around and screaming and sitting at the bar. I think they should only allow adults and then kids at the other pool. I did put that in my comments. It was my husband and I and we took some excursions, We took the aquatic, Santia Demigo and the outback saffari. The aquatic was with the speed boat you drive with a group of people to the reefs to snorkle that was a lot of fun and beautiful snorkeling. Then Santa Demigo was too long about a 14 hour day hot and a little boring. the best part of that tour was shopping it the city. Very cheap shopping compared to the prices in or around the hotel. example the necklaces at the hoteel that were around$5. were $1. in the city. The outback saffari was by far the number 1 tour. If you go I hope you have Tony as your guide he is the best. This tour was not ony fun it was educational too. Tip don't give the children that are begging any money they will not leave you alone and the people there discourage it. If you like to gamble be aware there casnios are more like one big game room we laughed when we walked in believe me its not like the casinos we are use to in the states. we just walked in and walked out. It was nice and I would do it again but I wouldn;t stay at the riu bambu.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Paradise My wife and I just got back from the Bambu, and it was simply paradise. We have traveled to various spots in the carribean and usually travel on a commercial airline. We used Vacation Express which is a charter travel service that uses an off brand plane and were very nervous about the plane and organization of the travel since it was almost half the cost of a regular vacation using any commercial airline. This travel experience far exceeded our expectations of any trip. From when we arrived at the Cincinnati airport, everything was smooth sailing. The trip from the Punta Cana airport is about 30 minutes on a air conditioned commericial bus. The trip backto the airport was about an hour, because we stopped at two other resorts in Punta Cana. We were going to take a taxi back to the airport, but are relieved we did not, because the plane left an hour earlier than scheduled. The pilot must of had his kid's soccer game later that day.We had read almost every review on trip advisor, because we didn't know anyone who had stayed at the Bambu or had even been to Punta Cana. People have a lot of helpful hints like puttting a plastic bag over the faucet so you won't accidentally brush your teeth with the tap water and bringing a large thermal mug so your drink will keep cold and less trips to the bar. But, a lot of people must be spending their live savings on this trip or people just don't know how to relax, because people have the complained about the smallest things. Just realize that you are out of the country and not everyone is going to speak English and prepare every piece of food the way mom did. Remember that just because the Bambu has eating times and specific seating at night doesn't mean that they are in stone. If you eat a late lunch and aren't hungry until late, make a phone call or just go up to the buffet, they aren't going to forbid you to eat. Bambu has a lot of guests and they have to keep things half-way organized. Food is available from 7:00 a.m. to 2:00a.m. Alcohol is available from 10:00a.m. to 4:00a.m. The Bambu should be a paradise for most North American tourists. It was for us. If things aren't the way you want them, politely ask them to change it. The staff was always willing to help out.The facilities were gorgeous just like the pictures on the internet. The beach was great with a nice steady wind all week so you didn't feel like you were frying yourself. There was plenty of chairs in the shade or direct sun all day long at the beach. At the pool, the chairs with all day sun fill up by 9:30. The room was clean and the air conditioning as very cold. We were in Building 4, and faced the palace, but there was a wall of greenery so it was very private. It was close to the beach and the public areas, but very quiet and away from the major walkways. The pool bar was very large, but got crowded during parts of the day, but you could hardly notice because the bartenders worked their butts off and as long as you made friends with them early, they would see you coming. If you were out of the water, there were two large bars on each end of the pool, so again no problems. Javier nad A.J. were our pals all week long. Most workers on the resort work 11 days on, and 3 days off. They work 12 hour shifts on average, and my wife and I did not hear a no one time except for no problem. It was unbelievable! Most employees really do love their job and are very friendly and want to make you happy. There was management a hollar away a lot of the time, so there were never any problems. The locals are happy to have jobs, that give them room, board, and medical. My wife and I tipped the employees who went out of their way to hook us up with services or favors or who we new we would come in contact frequently including our housekeeper. I would say that we tipped about $50 the whole week, and honestly we were treated like royalty. You have to consider that most people make less than $100 in cash a MONTH or so we heard!The food was good, but not great! It was very European, so they had things I would never eat, but they had tons of stuff that I did eat. The ala carte restaurants were very good though, and the portions were very giving. The ala carte restaurants served the same food as the Palace ala carte restaurants. You can make reservations for the ala carte restaurants in the morning. The buffet spot had theme nights which were great nights to dine there. Lunch and dinner seemed to serve very similar things everyday, but they had chicken, beef, or fish prepared in different ways at lunch and dinner, so you won't starve. The restaurant had plenty of choices of drinks, too.Since we met people who stayed at the Palace, we hung over there sometimes in the evening to go to the casino and drink. I am pretty sure that the we weren't supposed to drink over there, but nobody said anything all week. The Palace does have name brand alcohol, so I preferred to drink over there on certain evenings. The atmosphere is very stuffy over there, and the average age is about 50, and we are 27. But in either place, there was hardly any English spoken, so who cares, huh!I could go on, but I will end saying that most of the non-rude comments and suggestions are probably right on the money. This place is paradise, and I can honestly say it was best vacation so far.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best beach in the Carribean My girlfriend and I just returned from the Riu Bamboo. For the most part it was amazing. The beach is by far the most beautiful beach in the Caribbean and I have been all over that area. The palm trees were amazing, the beach was beautiful, and you could lay in the chairs in the hot sun without sweeting, because of the cool winds coming off of the ocean. The resort was first class, the food was OK, however the liquor was aweful. The liquor was the most watered down liquor I have ever tasted. We wanted to have a little fun one night, but after 6 glasses of watered down wine, 2 rum and cokes, and 2 tequila shots I was left without even a buzz. Don't plan on drinking the best alcohol, because you will not get it here. That was my only complaint. Oh, there are a lot of Germans at the resort. I think it is a German company that owns the resort and they must do a lot of advertisment there. They kept to themselves for the most part. Enjoy the Riu.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! We went to the Riu Bambu for Christmas  New Years 03/04...and it was perfect!!!..from the moment we got there to the last minute!...the first thing I want to say is that the Resort is beautiful..and clean!...The food was good...the entertainment was great and the Weather was amazing!...Punta Cana is an amazing place..the beach in which Riu Bambu is situated on is the best!!!...we walked to the other Riu's beside the Bambu and their beach was way smaller then Bambu...The staff was friendly people were great and the Cocktails were amazing...DR.FUNK all the way!!!!!!!! If your looking for a place to relax,party,and have a great time...Riu Bambu should be your FIRST CHOICE!!!....SUPERB  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eyeballs
<Content>A+ Resort, Set your expectations appropriately       Open Air Lobby View  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeniorSmoke
<Content>Well Travelled Version       The Wedding Gazebo  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax ... Just back from RIU Bambu 鈥?was all I expected from other reviews and then some. Probably the best beach we鈥檝e been to 鈥?huge swaying palm trees, clean water, powdery white sand and always a cool ocean breeze 鈥?and the pool and pool bar were fun as advertised. Actually thought the food was better than reviews led us to believe 鈥?though we always dined at the buffets. Not much of a reservations guy when I鈥檓 on vacation. The fish was always very good as was the chicken and pork 鈥?nothing spectacular, you try a little of everything, then go back for your favorites. The rooms themselves were nice, a bit small but OK as compared with other AIs of this price range. The layout of the bungalows and the tropical beauty of the grounds made up for any shortcomings in the room itself. My only complaint 鈥?RIU seems to think pushing two double beds together makes up for lack of king size beds. Mostly Europeans while we were there 鈥?April 26-30. Americans and other English speakers made up a fourth, and Germans seemed to be the majority. So if you鈥檙e looking for a great place to relax and enjoy the beach 鈥?and your not going for the late night party scene 鈥?this is a great choice.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5star We travel alot and have loved the RIU in Negril and thought we would love the RIU in DR, but we were slightly dissappointed. The staff is not nearly as great as Jamaica and we were definitely the minority. The only people we met that spoke English were from Canada. I had to work really hard from memory of 9th grade spanish....The beach is one of the nicest beaches we've been to and the snorkeling (away from the hotel) was breathtaking. Again I will comment on the food. There was a lot to be desired. Great variety, but no zing. Breakfast was our favorite meal. They don't add much to anything as far as seasoning goes. They don't have a clue about beef and the chicken was so chopped up, you didn't recognize it as chicken. The fish was great though. We went off the resort to try to find a good meal and found it at a place called Captain Cook. It was a boat ride away, with all you can eat and drink for $40/person. MOST EXCELLENT! Lobster, shrimp, crab legs, fish, calamari....... mmmmmmm, it was definitely worth it. Lot's of shops near this restaurant and they take you back whenever you want to go.If you enjoy a good cocktail, order a Cai Parina~, you won't be able to find any good canadian whiskey or domestic alcohol, but this drink will do the trick, so to speak....I probably won't go back to Punta Cana, but will go back to another RIU.The weather was outstanding - we just returned home from a week there (end of April). 85-90 everyday, with an occasional early morning shower, that lasted about 10 minutes.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>American Version We just returned from DR where we stayed at the Riu for a week. As American's, I thought there were several things you may want to know.1. The food was good, but heavily oriented to the Europeans. There were many heavy meat selections in the buffet, but not many lighter meals.2. Both of us had severe intestinal problems during the week, and neither of us drank the water. As I read from other reviews, I think they need to do a better job with food sanitation.3. There is not a ton of night life much after the cheesy shows at 11:00. If you are a night owl, this is not the place for you. The place pretty much shuts down after the nightly show. 4. Housekeeping starts very early (sometimes much before 7:00am), so if you want to sleep late, you will have difficulty. The Europeans tend to be early risers.5. The Colonial Restaurant is VERY loud and noisy. If you are looking for a quiet, intimate place to eat dinner in the evenings, this is not the resort for you.6. The service was outstanding. Small tips go a LONG way. We tipped the main bartender $20 at the early part of the week, and he very definately book care of us.7. The rooms were nice, adequate, but definately not deluxe. In general, I would rate this resort as a 3 star, not a 4 or 5. It would be like a nice Holiday Inn, but not the qualify of a Hyatt or Hilton in the US.P.S. make sure you take along an electrical plug if you have 3 prong electric appliances. The 110v is recessed, so you can't plug in a curling iron or hair dryer.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved th RIU Bambu The RUI Bambu was one of the cleanest places I have ever seen. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The maids did noe speak english, but you hardly ever had to speak to them. The beach was clean and beautiful. The food was good. There was something to eat from 5:00 am until 2:00 am. The bar staff was outstanding. The grounds were very well kept and beautiful. I would go again and this time take my children. It was great for couples, a friends getaway or even to take the family. Thank you RUI for making my vacation so wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travel Agent's Review !! March 2004 I can highly recommend the Riu Bambu, right from the hotel's facilities, the food, the entertainment, the friendly staff that will do anything to keep you happy, to a very comfortable room. The grounds are spectacular, palms everywhere and very well tendered. The beach is out of this world, and I personally feel the beaches were better than Negril in Jamaica...... If only the wind had not been so strong. A good tip is to take lots of small notes in US$'s. They are great for tips and for using in the shop. They never seemed to have any change. Lastly I would just like to commend the hotel on the effort they go to to put on the Theme evenings (in the restaurant)and barbecues on the beach. Plus the staff were so friendly and accommodating. You really do notice the difference coming back to Gatwick and everyone is so sullen !!! If you are planning a trip to Bavaro, spoil yourself and stay in either the Riu Bambu or the Riu Palace Macao !!! I now have no hesitation in recommending these hotels to my clients. We travelled with Thomson's and they were brilliant.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a 5 star I just returned from the Riu Bambu today on April 15 2004. I loved it but I would rate this hotel a 4 star. The hotel itself I would rate a 5 star for example the lobby, pool restaurants . I was quite disappointed in the rooms. They are big enough but very simple. It smelled terrible because of the humidity. There were alot of little ants crawling everywhere. They were very sympathetic with me and the next day they gave me a new room on the top floor where there was only ants on the balcony but not in my room but I had to keep my patio door closed at all times or they would enter by the bottom of the screen door.The food was very good except for the deserts which were always the same with not very much taste to them. The main dining room was beautiful. You really need to speek spanish as no waiter would speak english. The beach was beautiful. My only complaint would be that there were no bathrooms close to the beach. Three of the 6 shows at night were really good. The rest was horrible. Just so you are made aware there is a transvestite named kiki that is part of the staff of entertainment and activities which I found totally inappropriate when there are children around. I hope this helps you with the planning of your next trip. Sincerely Cathy  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time.........! GREAT TIME............!Here is a heads up for people going on vacation. It is a very coupoly, and family oriented place. It is beutiful, and alot of fun. The staff is very friendly, some over friendly. My friends and I went for a week and had the best time. We found our own Indian Princes, which made it even more fun. The beach is nice but you get a little sticky from the water, but it is still nice. All in all I would call it one of the best vacations I have ever been on........Michigan  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing vacation Went to Riu Bambu with 3 of my girlfriends (we're 26 yrs old) April 8-12th  had a very relaxing vacation. Not the place to go if you want a wild party atmosphere (which we didn't for a change so for us it was great). It is mostly young families or couples. This being said, it was definitely ego boosting bc we were being hit on constantly as the only single girls (it was flattering, not annoying). The entire staff are really nice and accomodating. I served as translator since none of my other friends spoke Spanish - a majority of the staff knows travel English so you can get by, but knowing the language definitely put things in my favor. The food was great the first night, but we soon tired of its repetitiveness. Made reservations one night at the Medditeranean restaurant and enjoyed the food there for a break (you can only make reservations in the morning at breakfast (served 7-10am) - go early so you get a reservation). BRING SNACKS for your room with you!!! The snacks at the store are expensive ($2 for a candy bar) and minimal. I can't tell you how many times I wished that I had brought more then a few granola bars with me! The alcoholic drinks were not what I was use to in NYC so I didn't really get my money's worth there but the 'miami vice' and pina coladas were ok. Get your pool towels before or right after breakfast - they run out quickly. Converters at the store are only $1 so wait till you're there to buy one. The weather was phenominal while we were there - make sure you wear ( constantly reapply) sunblock since the carribean sun is much more intense. Lots of men in speedos and topless women but you get use to it after the first day. I don't recommend snorkeling unless you go on a tour - there's not much to see on the shore of the resort. Suggestions on what you should not leave home without: snacks for your room, washcloth, tums/pepto, sunblock, eyedrops (the sun really hurt my eyes), and a good attitude - vacations are what you make of them!!! Have a good time  feel free to email me with any questions!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travel Agent Perspective~ We loved it! We spent our children's Spring Break at the Riu Bambu and were very impressed! We traveled with 4 other families who had children ranging in age from 5 to 14 yrs. EVERYONE had a great time! I have owned a travel agency for 16 yrs and been an agent for almost 20 yrs. We've been to all-inclusives in Cancun, Ixtapa, Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan, Jamaica, Hualtuco, Bahamas and the Virgin Islands. (including several 6-star SANDALS  Beaches properties) We have alot to compare this property to, and we found it to be one of the best values for our money ever. Since I planned the trip thru my agency and had so many families depending on my judgement, I did alot of reading and sifting through these postings to get the best feedback from guests that I could. After taking 19 cruises and reading completely OPPOSITE reviews from fellow passengers on the same cruise, I have come to realize that everyone has their own expectations and experiences that will shape their opinion. Had we not had such good weather, great friends or been so well prepared, maybe our trip would not have been so successful. We were so freaked out by all the postings about Montazumas, biting ants and poor food choices that we were expecting the worst! NOT SO! If you have ever traveled outside of the US or Canada, you know the standards are different and it can be exciting to experience other cultures, rather than trying to duplicate your own! Yes, many people spoke only Spanish, but most key hotel employees (like front desk personnel or waiters) spoke great English! It was fun and educational for our children to try to use new words while we were there! I grew up in Panama City, Florida and I thought the beaches here were better than in Florida or even in Hawaii! They were cleaned each morning and finely raked. No rocks, shells or debris. The water was crystal blue and the surf loads of fun on our boogie boards (free to rent from the beachside marina hut)! Wonderful sand castle building sand! Here is a synopsis of our experience:AIRPORT: Lovely, charming new facility that is designed like something out of Gilligan's Island, yet modern. Very easy entry and customs exit.CHECK-IN: We were on Apple Vacations. I took the advice of other guests by emailing AND faxing the hotel in advance, requesting a room close to the ocean and near our friends. We were upgraded to a large family suite in building #1 upstairs, and our friends were right below us! (Address your request to Senor Wellington, Manager.) None of the rooms are directly on the water, but you could still see the ocean from our side balcony. Our room keys were already pulled and given to us at a table in the lobby. I didn't have to ask for an upgrade, since it was already done ahead of time. ROOM: Very Spacious and well kept. We took the advice of past guests and left little freebies for our maid each day (mini soaps, Hyatt shampoos, etc..) She always left extra towels and water. Unfortunately, we did wind up with flea bites and found out that these tiny little bed bugs are on the flowers that the maid uses to decorate your room with. After we told the manager, they changed our bedding and we tossed the flowers each day. No problems after that, although the bites on my legs were pretty nasty and itched for several days after. Another guest said to leave an open soda bottle next to the bed and it would draw them into it at night. We were the only family that had this happen out of 6 rooms, and we were on the 2nd floor. Although the a/c worked fine, we asked for a floor fan when we were all sunburned the 1st day. (We live in Wisconsin and like it cold) It saved us and kept us comfortable while sleeping each night.FOOD: Breakfast was a dream! Fresh, hot donuts, made-to-order eggs, fresh fruit...my favorite is the porridge or oatmeal. I have found the same recipe in other Carribbean hotels and it is really delicious! Food is very European, so if you are not used to seeing platters of lunch meats  cheeses for various meals, don't be surprised. The variety of grilled meats and seafood was fabulous! Lots of fish, steamed veggies, rice and pasta dishes. We were traveling with an extremely picky eater who always seemed to find something that looked American. (When you go to Japan, do you expect to eat Pot Roast and potatoes?) Our attitude is that chicken is chicken and beef is beef...it's just the gravy or sauce that is different so why not enjoy the opportunity to try new flavors and local spices? The nites are themed and our favorite was the outdoor Carribbean night. They grilled slabs of ribs, chicken and steaks,  had individual baked potatoes wrapped in foil that were so good you didn't even need butter! The sauteed shrimp were also wonderful once you got past pulling the heads and shells off. The pizza station was our kids' favorite. We found the food quality very good and plenty to eat. Not quite the Americanized versions like you'd get at Sandals or Cancun properties, but still well worth the money. RIU is a Spanished based chain and does not cater to Americanized or Canandianized buffets. One of the friends with us owns a large restaurant  is a chef. He LOVED the food at every meal, and this was his first experience outside of the USA. The Carribbean Grill at the Palace was just OK for us, although the scenery was gorgeous. We ate at several beachside buffets and cafes in the RIU complex, just to mix it up a bit.BEACHES: Incredible! Walk for miles. Beautiful, clean water and soft sand. The shipwreck offshore made the view so interesting. Palm trees line the coast, just as it must have been in Columbus' time. Not difficult to find a chair or pull one over. We were concerned about the topless issue with our modest children. After the first day, you really don't even notice. Only once was a woman topless in the pool area and our 12 yr. old boys exchanging glances. Most were discreet and those who paraded up an down the beach topless were mostly old German woman who didn't do much justice for the female anatomy, anyway. By day 3, it was just a joke to most of us, and seldom came into conversation.ENTERTAINMENT: About the same as other Mexican all-inclusives, not as good as Jamaica. The animation staff is the same group that runs pool and beach games so they are somewhat obnoxious and always in your face. Our favorite character was the resort's very own Transvestite they called TeeTee- He/She was always flaming in woman's clothing and makeup or tottling around in burlesque style garb. Our younger kids were a bit confused, but we got many laughs out of it! Even the waiters and bartenders rolled their eyes and seemed a little embarrassed when asked about Him- Nightly entertainment program was so-so. The broadway night they did the entire CATS show and it was just way too long. Our kids loved the kid's performance times so they would get up on stage each night and do the Spanish version of Hokey Pokey and receive their certificates of participation from the events or games of that day. We mostly sat at the bar in the evenings or walked the oceanfront. Many English TV channels. Watch out for Ch. 23! Hardcore porn daily. The entertainment at the PALACE theater next door was by far much better. Use their facility as often as you can, if you'd like to be catered to. They handed out free cigars  had better liquor in the evening.CASINO: Not your typical hall, but still accomplished the mission. Very quiet and stuffy. Locals tell us it is run by the Dominican Mafia. I won $75 on a quarter slot the first 10 minutes I was there. Went back once in awhile and enjoyed it to break up the beach scene. Use American dollars for better pay out. Casino staff very stiff  rude. KIDS CLUB: Somewhat dissappointing. Only 1 girls running the entire program. Activities like face painting took a couple of hours for 1 person to do so many kids. Our 5-11 yr olds liked swimming in the pool much better during the day. We didn't mind since the swim-up-bar was right there and allowed adult time while the kids were close by. Pack a raft or swim ring and some underwater pool games in your beach bag. WARNING: There is a 3 ft. metal frame around the pool that is extremely slippery! The entire grounds are all interlocking brick, but this rim is a disaster waiting to happen! We witnessed numerous people slipping and falling when walking to the edge of the pool. Forget letting your kids run or jump from the side- They'll wind up with a concussion! Don't bother with water shoes, because this is only a tiny area that frames the pool, and if you warn the family, they'll be OK. Unfortunately, you have to step over this area to get into the pool bar so we saw alot of embarrassed guests plopping down onto their Keisters! Do let your kids or Moms paint a piece of pottery one afternoon. It was so relaxing and kept you out of the sun when it was most intense. We have some great little souvenirs that our children can look at later and be proud of their artistic talent! The vendor Rodrigez was Haitain and I learned much while talking to him during our craft times. Pack your pottery very well. We got home with some broken pcs.SHOPPING: Not a haven for great buys or duty free imports. Remember, this is a poor country and all of the decent items have to be FLOWN into the island, which makes them more expensive than in our Caribbean spots. Enjoy the beaches  relax, rather than getting any great shopping bargains. We did walk down the beach each day and barter with the beachside vendors for cheap beaded jewelry and some nice local art. (go LEFT from the hotel for better prices!) Never pay what they ask. They expect you to haggle. We do this in every country we visit. The D. R. Peso has sharply fallen in recent weeks so we paid about 75% of the asking price (Half, then half again...At $10, half is $5 so pay $2.50)- Our big coo was that we brought a large ziplock bag of all of our hotel shampoos, soaps, lotions, etc.. that we accumulated from other trips. On the last day, our 12-yr. old son marched down the beach and traded with these instead of money! It was a riot! 2 shampoos and a bar of soap for a nice necklace or teacher gift! We even got a carved dolphin in exchange for the Spongebob kite we bought at the Dollar Store! The Dominican people do not have much access to stores or goods. My CD player got me a gold bracelet with antique coins! ($20 player for a $350 gem!) If your intimidated by bartering, let someone else do it for you. I HATE it, but my husband and kids love the challenge. We took a taxi to the Bavaro shops  it was terribly dissappointing. Nice shops but very aggressive vendors and bad attitudes towards tourists. Carribean street offered best deals on t-shirts and little gifts. Jewelry prices much better in US. The local Larimar stone is duplicated in plastic by street vendors. Only the fine jewelry stores actually sold them and it was still cheaper to purchase them online when we got back. (Use a lighter under the stone to see if it melts.) The hotel gift shop was reasonable and fair priced for those who don't like to bargain. The hotel also offers PHOTOS that are candidly taken by an inhouse photographer. They are wonderful, but beware if you have extra prints made. 3 of our party paid in advance and were given the run around for a couple of days until we asked Wellington to step in and get our pictures back. They're not very honest and don't speak English.ILLNESS PREVENTION: My husband is a physician so we came well prepared. We brought the chewable Pepto Bismol tablets, broke them into 2 and ate half in the morning and half before bedtime. None of us got sick except one person who took Immodium instead of the chewable Pepto tablets! It proved our theory, since we did talk to others on our plane who got hit hard with diarreah and fever. DON'T DRINK THE TAP WATER!! Bring along an empty bottled water container with a squeeze top, rather than a screw top. We peeled the sticker off and wrote: Agua Purificado ~ El Bano on the side in black marker. We kept a ziplock bag or sock over our tap faucet and used this bottle to rinse our tooth brushes and mouth after brushing. The maid left it alone. The hotel ice was OK. We also brought an insulated drinking bottle with us and filled it daily with ice and water for the beach. Dehydration is very common in such a hot, tropical climate. Alchohol adds to this so keep hydrated! Also bring along some Neosporin cream for any cuts and a couple of bandaids. We all wound up with some kind of scrapes or wounds and needed our kits.TOURS: One word from this travel agent: RIPOFF. Your travel experience levels may be different from ours so don't miss a tour if you are not comfortable venturing out on your own or don't speak any Spanish at all. Your Apple rep is getting commission from your purchase. Instead, we took a cab to the local Marina and swam with the sharks for a third less than the hotel price. One family in our group took the Safari into town and found it very educational and glad they did it, but not for everyone. (Mom is a school teacher so they saw the value in the experience.) Helicopter a ripoff. Other guests enjoyed the James Bond tour. We've been to D.R. on a cruise stop, so we saw Casa De Compo and Altos De Chevon village. Too far for us to give up the beaches and relaxing sunshine. Snorkeling was not as clear as other Caribbean islands have been for us. (We are certified divers and the hotel's scuba director is very knowledgeable. Didn't dive this trip but he allowed our kids to try on tanks and dive in the pool each day.) We are quite an adventurous family and usually don't like to just beach it. In this instance, we opted to enjoy the incredible surroundings and RELAX for a change. My husband thought this was one of our most enjoyable and re-energizing vacations even without all the tours.EXTRA ITEMS TO BRING: Wash Clothes Alarm Clock Key Fob or Lanyard Squeeze Water Bottle Pepto-Bismol Tablets Chips/Snacks/Munchies Small bills (1s and 5s) Your pillow or blanketI hope this was informative for your upcoming visit to the Riu properties! There is so much more that we experienced but I did not want to write a travel novel! Feel free to email me with any questions or comments! I will definately recommend this property to my customers for the value and the pristine grounds/scenery/beach atmosphere, etc...If you are looking for mucho night-life and a crazy Cancun-style vacation, don't expect it here. We have all agreed we would definately return!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK I just returned from the Riu Bambu on Sunday. The best part of the hotel is the food. Our room was so uncomfortable for the 4 of us. We were given a two double beds pushed together. Not too comfortable for my 6 year old son! They promise kids activities and babysitting, however when I needed their assistance, I was told they were closed from 12-3 (talk about a siesta). The beach is rough but very beautiful. However, if you've traveled a bit like me - you know there are much better resort, however this price you cannot beat. The drinks are weak unless you tip - so bring $$. My kids had a fantastic time in the evenings with the kid oriented shows and disco - so that alone was worth the trip - to see their sun tanned faces light up. Jumping the waves was how they spent most of the day - what could be better.Also note I have my watch stolen at the mini club. Evendentally there is some strange woman who wanders the premises taking stuff - so watch any valuables - Although I'll admit I shouldn't have worn a $ 100 watch there!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the beach! We went to the RIU Bambu March 26-April 2nd 2004. Overall, the place should really be rated as a 4 star hotel. We have been to several islands and have stayed at other RIU resorts, it was nice, but not overly great. The one problem we ran into was it was a bit rainy (they had an umbrella hanging on the back door in our room - so that should have tipped us off). It rained one day from 11am-8am the next morning - complete down pour -not the rainy season there - but they do get quite a bit of rain. I also thought the temperature was ok - only like 78 to 80 degrees. I thought it would have been warmer than that. The bartenders  cleaning staff were wonderful! Everyone is so happy - but they speak very little English (so brush up on your Spanish skills). Also - quite a lot of people that vacation on this island are European - so you kind of feel like a minority if you can only speak 1 language- and English is not the main one spoken! Lots of topless on the beach. The major disappointment for us was the food. Very bland, the same thing all the time, even the Steak House restaurant was nothing special. We also had stomach problems (make sure to bring your Pepto bismol!) We had stomach problems for a week after we got home too. I think its just the difference in the food and the oils they use to cook them in. The pool bar was alot of fun and Javier is the best bartender down there! Always smiling - we tipped him alot! Also there is a bartender called Mike Tyson he was really nice! The nightly entertainment was very cheesy! However, there are 2 disco techs next door that were a little bit better. We are in our 30's, so we kind of wanted a little more exciting night life. To sum things up: 1. Food-bland 2. Weather-ok 3. Staff- wonderful 4. Resort-only a 4 star rating  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon! We went on our honeymoon March 21-25, 2004. We used Vacation Express to book our honeymoon to Riu Bambu. When we arrived at the airport, we were greeted by the van driver with our names on a piece of paper. The airport is very beautiful and really puts you the in the right state of mind immediately. The resort is about a 30-35 minute drive from the airport. I never felt unsafe on the drive, even though we did go through some very dismal neighborhoods. Its weird to see complete poverty next to a Texaco station and Burger King. The Bambu is the last resort on the Riu compound so it takes a little while to get there once you enter the gates (where there are security guards)...watch out for the terrible speed bumps! The lobby is open air and very inviting. There were drinks at the front desk to start things off right! We were given all of the necessary infomation and our security lock and were told that our luggage would arrive shortly. Our room was average, with tile floors and a nice balcony. Watch out for the terrible mildew smell in the room...my allergies were giving me lots of trouble by the time we left. The food was pretty average, nothing special, but the fruit is delicious! Try to eat the the steakhouse one night. The pool is very nice and the pool bar is lots of fun. Our days consisted of sitting at the pool bar and then sleeping on the beach in the afternoon. Our bartenders, Javier, Leo, and Hector were wonderful! We tipped all week and received great service. A couple of dollars every other drink or so goes a long way. The night time entertainment is so lame its amusing. We did end up having some stomach trouble by the end of the week and even when we got back we had it for about a week or so. Nothing painful, just annoying. Have fun and remember to tip your bartender!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Fabulous We went to the Riu Bambu from March 10-24 and had the best time!!! Everyone there was so friendly and always happy. The staff was never seen without a smile on their face or singing a song. They definately made our trip. The food was great, lots of variety. We ate at the Steak House and at the Mediterranian and they both were fantastic. The resort was very clean and if you needed something they did not hesitate to get it for you. We went to Puerta Plata last year at a Riu and you cannot compare the two. The Riu Bambu blew the resort in Puerta Plata away.The nightly show's were great and pretty entertaining. They got people in the crowd involved which made it hilarious!!!We will definately go back there again next year as we made lots of friends and had the time of our lives. This place is definately a 5+ star resort.If you choose this resort you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jperri
<Content>Great Vacation Resort! I would like to start by saying Thank You to Julie at Skyventure Travel for her superior customer service. The planning of our dream vacation started back in July 03 and with her expertise and knowledge we booked the trip to the Riu Bambu (Jan 2-9, 2004).This was an AMAZING trip. This was our first family trip and for my husband and I many years since we had been on a vacation, so I needed to do alot of research. With the help of this site we were prepared for everything and anything. Each review had MANY helpful hints.We flew out on Skyservice from Toronto Pearson Airport at 6:30am on flight 558 and arrived in Punta Cana at 11:30am. It was 4C and overcast. The flight took approximately 4 hrs and because of daylight savings time, they are 1 hr ahead. Yes, the seats on the plane are alittle tight for adults but just right for the kids. You were allowed to get up from time to time to stretch your legs, but only after we cleared US air space. So, if you have to go to the washroom, I would recommend you go before you get on the plane or shortly before take off, because you'll be on your tush for more than an hour! We had ALOT of turbulence going down but well worth all the those annoying inconveniences. It was 28C when we arrived. AHHH paradise, to say the least!The staff at the resort were absolutely GREAT! Check in was smooth as ever. The waiters, bartenders and grounds keeper are so friendly.They always served you with a smile. Especially Wellington one of the Directors. He would always be around talking to people and making sure that they were having an EXCELLENT time not just a good time. The staff work long hours and will work 11 days straight before they are allowed to take 3 days off. Rafael our waiter for dinner was truly loved by the kids. Look out for him. He's great!Anyone who has any negative comments about the food should really think twice.... ask yourself what would you normally eat for dinner? or what you have for breakfast?? If your answer is a piece of toast or a cup of coffee, then this place will blow you away!. Lunch is much the same. Yes, you will always have pork, fish, chicken, beef, pasta, pizza, fruit, vegetables, salads cheese, ice cream and DESSERT on the menu everyday. You will never see an empty tray and you definitely will not go hungry. We had dinner in the Colonial which is all buffet and one night we had dinner at the MamaJuanna (Steakhouse Grill). The Grill was good but if you have kids, the buffet is the way to go.The rooms are beautiful with a balcony and very clean. I had emailed Wellington with the request to be in building 19 or 20 on the second floor and the request was fulfilled. One word of caution, be careful when going up the stairs to your rooms the floors in the building and in your room are ceramic and very slippery when wet. There was always a jug of water and the fridge was stocked with soft drinks and beer.The white sandy beach is absolutely gorgeous. We would take a morning walk along the beach for miles it was so breath taking! Our day was mostly spent on the beach and spent very little time in the pool area. The 2 pools are also very nice but also crowded.We really enjoyed this trip and will definitely return.We are interested in finding out about the RIU Requila in Mexico. If anyone has gone there how does it compare? Please e-mail me.Unlike some negative comments I have recently read. I would recommend this place. It also depends on what your expectations are that will make it an enjoyable time!Lastly, this vacation would not have been as enjoyable without our friends. It played a BIG part of why this trip was GREAT! and we THANK THEM for sharing it with us! If you have any questions, feel free to email me at jperri_tml@hotmail.com  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice warm get away We just returned Sunday from the Riu Bambu. The resort is beautiful?words can not explain the time and effort these people put into taking care of the grounds. Each morning when we went for a walk they were already hard at work. Most mornings you could find someone cutting down coconuts, if you wanted one they would cut one open for you and it was yours to enjoy. I don?t know what you pay for coconuts but around here we pay a lot for a very small one. Besides that the weather was perfect. If you sat by the beach you had the perfect breeze to keep you just right. It rained a few times while we were there but nothing to stop our fun. It usually rained at night sometimes hard but never longer than 15-20 mins. The ocean was just breath taking. Miles of sparking crystal waters, and white sand beaches. They keep the beach very clean and if people would have proper consideration and pick up their own cups and wrappers it would be spotless. The pool was nice always a lot of fun. The staff there always had water aerobics or water polo. Along with some other few crazy games that usually took place later on in the day after everyone had been by the pool bar since 10 am. There were 2 separate pools one was smaller and there was a lot of volleyball played in it and was nice for parents with smaller children. The rooms were nice. They were nothing to really brag about, but the cleaning staff did an EXCELLENT JOB! Everyday we either had a heart or a swan or something clever made out of towels with fresh flowers. Two people in our group celebrated their birthdays, when we came back to the rooms there was balloons, flowers, and their age laid out on the bed made with towels. When stopped in the room as they were just finishing and the cleaning women gave the one girl a hug and told her to have a very wonderful day. These people are paid so little and stick their whole heart and soul into theses jobs. There was one day I had to stay in the room due to way to much sun the previous day. They had seen the DND sign on the door most of the day and I left the room for just 30 mins and when I came back the room was clean. Just a quick reminder if you like to use a washcloth while showers BRING YOUR OWN. They have NONE! I had read this previously and came prepared. One lady I met said she ended up cutting up her beach towel she brought from home to use as a wash cloth. A month prior to leaving I had emailed the hotel asking requesting a room close to the pool I sent the request with I think builds 19-24 and then 1-3. All the rooms are fine but these are just a little closer to the pool and lobby. When we checked in we were given room 2401 and our other group was given 2402. It was the perfect spot. Finally the food?I read many bad things about the food and was almost scared to try any of it. I have stayed at many other all inclusive hotels and know that no matter what the start rating is?you have to realize that as much food at they put out for breakfast lunch and dinner?.how can you mix it up really? They have EVERYTHING you could ever imagine out for all meals. You have to go in with an open mind knowing that throughout the week you will maybe eat the same thing more than once. But hey if you like it why not? A lot of that stuff I don?t get at home so why not enjoy it for a week. There was always something a little different at each meal. Each night at the main dinning room they had theme nights. Mexican night was the best out of all of them. We tried the steakhouse it was alright?but its very bland and its something you can get back at home. If you like that though go for it! Other than that it was a great trip. I came back relaxed and happy and with a great tan! I hope you all enjoy your stay there also. If you have any questions please feel free to email me. Have a great trip!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Riu Bambu . . . and the Golf :-) We arrived back yesterday from a week-long March break 03/11/04 - 03/18/04 with our kids (all boys ages 17, 14, and 10). We travelled with two other families (6 adults and 7 kids in total - 6 boys and one girl). Here is my review and some **TIDBIT(S)**for those wanting to travel there.Beaches - 5*++ - not only clean and white sand set against the warm crystal clear ocean, but the setting is magnificent - the palm trees create small oceanfront oasis's allowing you privacy to read, sun, socialize, and savour the surroundings. Bonus of not being solicited by beach vendors. Lounge charis were in abundance at any time of the day. The beaches go on forever - a nice walk anytime of the day. **TIDBIT(S)**: you really cannot mess with mother nature - the beaches are perfect!Property - 4*+ - the 5 contiguous Riu properties provided an expansive feeling while being at one resort. We did not feel isolated for a moment. All properties were clean and well maintained. **TIDBIT(S): Roam freely, the building provide a nice casual atmosphere.Staff - 5*+ - I was suitably impressed by the phone call to our rooms within 10 minutes of checking in to ensure that everything was to our liking. The staff at the Riu could not do enough to make our stay great - and this goes for reception (which took 5 minutes), servers, entertainers, barstaff, wait staff etc. Manuel in the main dining hall and Calixto at the Plaza bar were great. Richard from the Animation team was AMAZING - I would hire him in a moment for his energy and love of his job. **TIDBIT(S)**: a few dollars tip for them to look after a special request goes a long way in the Dominican. We did not go overboard tipping, but when we did tip, they would go beyond their already good effort to help us.Rooms - 3*+ - the rooms were very clean and met our needs just fine. They were nothing spectacular but well maintained. The rooms are situated in clusters of two story buildings, each with 12-16 rooms. The fresh jugs of water and the bar fridge that was replenished every two days with fresh soft drinks, beer, (as well as 4 liquor bottles) is a mice touch you do not see very often. - all included in the price too. **TIDBIT(S): ask for building 22, 23, or 24 which are more conveniently located to the main facilities. SPECIAL PARENTAL NOTE - as other messages have indicated, be cautious that channel 23 is a full contact porn station at night until early morning.Food - 3* (at best) - our biggest dissapointment was the quality of the food. While the buffet had lots of variety, it all began to taste the same by the end of the week. To add to the monotony, all the Riu properties essentially had the same buffet each day as well. They tried their best with theme nights, but it was not effective. We did go to the Caribe for one decent ala carte dinner - the setting was magnificent at the Palace, but again the food was only modest - not five star at all. The carribran and steak restaurants (essentially the same restaurant separated by lattice) was a very poor ala carte meal. My suggestion to Riu is to up the quality and variety of the food experience - this is the only drawback to a true 5* resort rating here. TIDBIT(S): Be sure to book the ala carte restaurants early (they begin taking reservations at 7am - the Caribe will often fill before the reservation scheduling time opens . . . that's what tipping is for :-) . . . )Beverages - 3*+ The bars provided good variety and the staff was always friendly. The Dr. Funk was a favourite of our group. It got to the point where our group asked each other if the Dr. was on call when we wanted one of those drinks :-) The beer is decent - the wine is dreadful - it is served in the restaurants from a barrel (help yourself). TIDBIT(S): The drinking water served in the restaurants and the bars was fine as were the ice cubes. For those with queezy stomachs, be mondful that the staff rinses the drink mixers and blender containers in tap water. Be sure to ask if you want your specialty drinks with or without alcohole- ours were NOT with any alcohol unless we were specific. A few dollars will get you a bottles wine if you ask your waiter.Entertainment - 4* - if you are looking for Vegas or Broadway, then go to Vegas or Broadway. The Animation staff provided a very comfortable and fun experience. We did not have children in the kids club but it looked like the kids of that age group had lots of fun. There is something to do and everyone is invited without being pressured or hounded . . . beach volleyball, water polo, ping, pong bocce, numerous fun and games (daily bingo, aerobics, ironman and etc. like you have never seen before) is a total blast. Richard and the rest of the animation staff made it lots of fun - they work tirelessly - entertaining with fun and games during the day and then putting on evening productions - they love their job :-) TIDBIT(S): get an earlt seat for the evening production under the stage canopy - we had the good fortunate of the daily rain shower each evening and unless you were seated under the canopy, it would have been a wet experience.Golf - 5* - a friend and I had the good fortune of being able to escape for three rounds of golf. We played Cocotel ($100 US including transporation, green fees and cart and 20 min from Bambu) - a fine course - very Florida style with lots of palm tree targets on the fairway. We next played Punta Cana Club ($125 US including transportation, green fees, and cart) - our favourite - the four ocean side holes are spectacular. The last course we played was the world renowned P. Dye Teeth of the Dog course - top 10 or top 30 in the world depending on who you talk to ($200 US including transportation, green fees, and cart) - the 7 ocean side holes are remarkable but the inland holes are rather ordinary - considering the travel time and value, we would play the Punta Cana course again - or try the Dye Fore course instead. **TIDBIT(S)** - make sure you book through Stephan or his brother Jonis (sp?) - two German brothers that run a golf business in Punta Cana - it was very very convenient - the front desk will have their brochures - tell them Michael and James the two Canadians sent you and do say hello to them for us.So, there you have it - we would return to Riu Bambu but would be more encouraged if they would imporve the quality and variety of their food experience and bring in some good quality bottled wines for dinner (even at extra cost for the premium wines or a small surcharge for the premium ala carte restaurants).Michael  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach and resort My boyfriend and I stayed at the RIU Bambu from March 7th-14th. The resort and beach were really beautiful. The staff were very friendly. The food was good although we both got sick for a couple days - nothing Immodium AD couldn't cure. It did not stop us from enjoying our stay or the food. We did 2 excursions - Jungle Safari and Maranarium. We had heard good things about the Jungle Safari but were not that impressed - it's a long day sitting in the back of a truck. You do get to see more of the country and boogie boarding at the beach at the end of the day was fun. The Maranarium is cool. You can swim with nurse sharks and sting rays and it is just a 1/2 day trip which is nice. We did feel a bit young at RIU - the average age of guests was probably mid 40's. If you want to just relax and unwind I would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no second chances I normal do not complain that is way it took me so long to write this but i could not bear it any more. This trip that we planned with may wife and our two kids,plus the inlaws,and our friends was a very big deal since i and my wife havent had a trip in the past five years.apple vacations rated the resort 5 apples but i would say its more like 3 apples.we arrived at rui bambu feb 26 we felt chicago at 6:00 am and arived at 6:00pm to a no welcome at the resort all they did was rush to our room that was running ramped with tiny ants that would bit at night,we change rooms but that was not any better on top of that the vent in room did not work the fan was very noise and the people next door were very loud at night .also none of the help spoke very good english so it was very hard to comucate. the food was terrible considering it is a 5 apple resort.all the empolyes that we ran into wanted money on top of the free exercusions as well.this had to be one of my worst experience on a trip every i can not recommend this to no one it goes beyond my better judgement.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought it was nice I was really interested to read the reviews of the RIU Bambu both before and after our trip there from March 7-14th, 2004. Some of the comments were silly like complaining that the maids didn't speak English but lots were very helpful. I never would have thought of taking our own washcloths and I appreciated knowing this. I wish I had read the part about the toiletries before I went - the soap, shampoo and no conditioner weren't great. As well, we found it pretty noisy at times - our room was near the action and we should have moved. We are not as big a fan of the evening shows or bingos and contests as some people. However, that said, we thought it was a lovely place. The grounds, the beach and the water were beautiful, the staff were always pleasant and helpful and the food was better than in lots of other all inclusives. The Caribe restaurant especially was in a fabulous setting and the food there was very good. Although we might pick a slightly quieter or more upscale place for our next holiday, we thought the Bambu was a great place and we felt we got good value. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Return to Riu Bambu! We stayed at the Riu Bambu from 3/5 - 3/12/ 2004. We had a great time. The accomodations were beautiful and the staff was friendly and always helpful. We are already looking forward to returning in March of 2005! Best beach we ever visited!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1HappyFlyer
<Content>Riu Bambu - I love you Spent 5 nights at the Riu Bambu and loved it! Told my travel agent we wanted to go to one of the Sandals All Inclusives...but on such short notice, (2 wks) could not get us there. He suggested the Riu Bambu, which I had never heard of..(1st time in DR)..adventureous, so thought we'd give it a try....FABULOUS grounds...well kept...VERY LUSH, with lots of Palm trees... first day was windy  staff were actually SHOVELLING the sand off of the walkway which runs between the 5 RIU resorts...VERY LUSH, with lots of Palm trees.....BEST BEACH with lots of shady groves..Room, grounds IMMACULATE.. .Animation team is lots of fun..shows at night were not Broadway or Vegas, but hey, think about what it COSTS to go here! One night they did a whole show of dance routines, not bad for staff who works all day, then practice around 5pm, then go on stage at 9:30. (I agree the lip-synching stuff was cheesy, but the old folks enjoy seeing the staff entertain them.) Access to all the other RIU resorts was a big PLUS...never left the resort. Casino small, but nice...can eat  drink at any of RIU's except the PALACE... we met quite a few people staying at the Palace that spent more time at the BAMBU...more fun...Palace too stuffy, etc. is what we heard.(they just paid too much) . Met people from all over the World. Very interesting. Carribean street is nice. Food very European, but not seasoned,but still excellent, wide variety: wine a little different; don't expect Cabernet( but it didn't really bother me.) Only the steak was good at the table service dinners( fish tasteless). Bars were great (nothing wrong with the beer)  the MINI-bar in room w/4 FULL SIZE bottles of booze? NO OTHER place would do this for the $$ we paid! He-LLO! WE'd go back in a HEARTBEAT!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay, Great Honeymoon!!! We had the best time at the Riu Bambu. The staff of the resort were the best and always pleasant. Our room was meticulously cleaned everyday, and stocked with what we needed. The food at the resort was phenomenal. It was the best, most relaxed time we had in months. We will definetly go back when we take our next trip. We loved every minute of it. Thanks to everyone at the Riu Bambu for making our stay a joyous one!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic time had by all We stayed at Riu Bambu between 8th  22nd Feb and found it excellent. Anyone who complains about any aspect of this hotel, service, etc., has something wrong with them. The food is excellent and as for the people who say they saw cockroaches around the food - they have to be making it up as I saw no such thing during my whole 2 weeks there.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu, Mui Bien My 3 friends and I just got back from 8 days at the wonderful Riu Bambu. I can never begin to tell you how great this place is. Every staff member on the grounds is courteous and helpful. They are always smiling and greeting everyone as if they have known them for years. The manager of the resort is very visible and is there to answer questions and offer assistance (Thanks, Wellington!)The activities/entertainment staff is there about 36 hours a day and are always trying to find ways to mingle  the guests....very amusing !!! Make sure you attend the dance lessons and the aqua gym. The food was very good, always something new to try,as well as the favorites. Our room and the hallways were always spotless, as well as the grounds. We went with Apple Tours and had a couple of flight delays, but Isabelle was very good about keeping us updated of the changes. She was also very helpful in booking excursions. The Outback Safari was really fun, especially if you like rum...LOL...Take your own hairdryer and buy a converter in the gift shop for a dollar...no problem.Thanks to all who were so great...Manuel, Rafael, Juan, Fabian, Dienisio,Roberto, Jimmy,Wendy,Coletta, Dolores...the list is endless!!Go to the Bambu....mui bien, mui bien, mui bien  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joyous
<Content>Wonderful Riu Bambu Riu Bambu was a wonderful week stay 2/21 -2/28-04. Rooms spacious and meticulously cleaned. Food...wide variety, plentiful, delicious. Service and staff...excellent. Weather...outstanding. Beach and pool...fun, fun, fun. Current is 110 Volts...however take a Carribean plug found at a store like radio shack. My plug did not fit into the outlet so I was fortunate to have purchased a Caribbean plug. No clocks or radios in room...a wake up call is available. No mosquitos at this time...however during rainy season I would expect them. Ages of guests...all ages...babies, children, newly weds, midle aged , elderly. All figure sizes and shapes so do not worry about yours ladies and gents. Most ladies had a beach wrap or Sarong. Go...relax...and have fun. I have been to many Caribbean Isls...this was the most fun and relaxing. Saona Catamaran...I am very motion sick. Thought I would try it.....BIG MISTAKE. The bus took 1 hr and 50 mins to get to where we embarked for Saona Isl. Then our Catamaran lost engine power...almost 4 hrs of rocking on the waves instead of the projected 1 hr. trip. I felt like dying. 3 couples I was with said it was stressful for them also. If you want a good time drinking and eating...it is fine. Not for me when sick.Saona is in a small lagoon. Shallow water...very nice but not the best. Snorkeling on the return home was fun for some...take dry bread. We also stopped..saw star fish. All in all an average trip for most but for me a D minus.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3rd time still a charm The Bambu is still the best value and resort in D.R even after the 3rd visit. looking forward to 4th!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be so Critical Well. I will start by saying I read a lot of the reviews on the Rio Bambu before we left, and people seemed to complain a lot. My fiance and I were very happy at the resort for 4 nights, five days. We thought the staff was very nice, and worked very hard. Our room was nice, a little small, but really you shouldn't be spending too much time in it. The balcony was big enough for us to sit on and enjoy a beer in the evening. We were very careful not to brush our teeth with thier water or drink it. The beer in our room was better than the beer at the bar. If we did complain, I would say it would have been nice for them to give you an option of bottle or draft at the bar. But we figured if we put enough limes in it, it tasted ok. We wrote our cleaning people a letter, in spanish, and asked for two jugs of water, and more bottled beer, and left money. We received it. I would say, I wish I would have brushed up on my spanish before arriving, I did not relize how little english is used... The food was good, not great, but good. One should be careful here too. Just don't eat everything just because it is there. The coffee was nice and strong... There was plenty to do, weather it was right from the beach at our resort or choosing to take an exerstion, we rented the speed boats and snorkling tour. That was nice and well run. You are able to rent sail boats or catamaran's or boogie boards right from the beach. There is a nice walking or running path from this resort to the one next to you. The beaches are nice, sand is soft, water was warm. I was very surprised the amount of smokers, wow those Europeans really keep the cigertte companies in business. And ----, wow I have never seen so many woman of all different ages, just walking on the beach with only thier bottoms on. You can tell I am an american.... Anyhow , the resort seemed to catered toward children too. Lots for them to do, with or without you. They were all happy kids there. Entertainment was good, my fiance thought it was cheesy, I thought it was good. One night Micheal Jackson impersonatetor, anthor night was african night. Well all in all I would tell someone to check it out, I could see a stay for more than seven days would maybe get old. We liked it, and had a nice time.. So good luck with your travels....  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbooked Vacation Upon our arrival, we were immediately taken to the Riu Bamboo instead of our destination, the Riu Palace. We were told by the Apple Vacations guide that someone will be driving us to the Palace, instead we were told by the manager they overbooked and we would stay in the Bamboo for a night. We were disappointed but after that first night, we settled into our hotel the next day and then had a nice time until our hotel maid took several toiletry articles from our room. I complained to the management and then without explanation or apology, my belongings were returned to me. We may not go back to the Domincan Republic again for a while. It is so beautiful on the beach and the water is so inviting and the Dominicans are very friendly people. Too bad about the overbooking since I understood that the entire month of February was overbooked as well.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort and weather My husband and I just returned from staying 7 days at the Rui Bambu. We have stayed at a Rui resort before and was not disappointed again this time. The Resort was beautiful and the beaches were wonderful. There were many, many palm trees to sit under for shade. We never had a hard time looking for lounge chairs on the beach. However, it was hard to find chairs by the pool later in the afternoon. The Bambu is one of the nicest out of the whole complex and people from other Rui's tend to migrate there, so it tends to get a little crowded. The service was great and the food at the buffet was really good. We ate at the Steak House one evening and it was really good also. As stated in other reviews, take your own wash cloth. They don't give you any. They have many vendors that come in to sell their wares. If you go to buy anything from the vendors, offer them 1/3 of what they are asking. They sell a lot of jewelry with a stone called Larimar. You have to watch because some vendors sell fakes. If it's a real stone you can hold a lighter under it and it won't turn brown. If it turns brown, it's plastic. I ask one vendor in the complex if the earrings were real and he took my husband's lighter and showed me. He was real nice about it. If they won't do it, then don't buy from them. The best way to make phone calls to back home is to use a pre-paid phone card. You dial 9 for an outside line and then dial the access code (800-872-2881) to get ATT access. Then you just follow your pre-paid card's directions. The resort will charge you a connection fee of 50 pesos (for each call) which is under $2.00 US money. DON'T use your credit card to call. It costs $20.00 for the first 3 minutes. We had trouble with our phone the first night and our remote for the tv didn't work. One phone call and everything was taken care of right away. We went on the Party Barge excursion and if I had to do it again, I wouldn't go. We snorkled a little and there was a lot of dancing and plenty to drink. I had fun but felt it wasn't worth $54. a piece to go. All in all we had a wonderful time and met some really nice people that we will stay in touch with. The one thing I didn't like, which had nothing to do with the resort, is that unless you go on an excursion you don't get out of the Rui Complex. You can walk down the beach (either way) to a flea market but that's it. We have stayed a couple times in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico and I'm a little spoiled because you can walk or ride downtown to shop/eat or take the ferry across to Cozemel. We talked to a couple people that was staying at the Rui Palace and they took a taxi in town while in Punta Cana. They stated it was pretty scary. However, while taking the bus through town, we saw tourists on bikes and walking around. I would have enjoyed getting outside the resort area more, however I wouldn't pass up another trip to Punta Cana!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deblen
<Content>We had a great time! My husband and I travelled to Punta Cana at the end of June of 2003 for a two week stay.The Riu Bambu was all that it was suppose to be. The staff are absolutely fantastic! Angela at the lobby bar, along with Manuel and Altagracia, helped make our trip for us. The resort is medium sized, grounds are very well kept, the manager spoke to us almost every day. They really wanted to make sure that everyone was happy. The rooms were adequate and clean, nothing special but how much time do you spend in your room anyway. The sand was white and you could walk along the beach forever. The water is very nice but it doesn't compare to the water in Cuba and the Mayan Riviera. Lots of palm trees on the beach. The food was very good. The soup is out of this world!!! We ate at the buffet most of the time. There wasn't an option to get anything like lobster, etc. at the specialty restaurant which was a disappointment but it didn't make any difference really.We would definitely go back to this resort. Staying two weeks is okay because you can go to three other RIU resorts that are right next door. The food is all the same at every resort so it doesn't matter where you eat.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Riu We just returned from our trip to Punta Cana and I can't say enough good things about it. My sister and a friend of hers were there 7 nts. There was 6 in my group. We flew out on the 12th. The plane was very uncomfortable. It was even worse when we went to go home. It was 2 hours late and I swear they didn't have any padding in the seats! I thought the Riu Bambu was great! The swim up bar was larger than any other I have seen. The grounds are very nice. I had a massage on the beach that felt wonderful. We didn't take any excursions since our time was limited. My sister did and was very happy about the ones they went on. Our funjet rep, Wimpy, was marvelous. A great time was had by all. I read the reviews before we went and people complained about the beds. I thought they were fine. The pillows were flat but the beds were good. I highly recommend this trip to anyone. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star...  My wife and I had just recently come back from vacation. We planned this trip to the Dominican Republic, and stayed in the hotel (Riu Bambu from1/28-2/4, which was rated by Apple Vacations as a 5 star resort). This is the first time that we have used Apple Vacations to plan our vacation for us. Weve been to the Dominican Republic 5 times before and also stayed in 5 star resorts, and none of them were as bad as the one we stayed in this time (Riu Bambu ). This hotel is nowhere near being close to a 5 star resort; I myself would rate it as a 3 star resort. My wife and I, also including the friends that were with us were very disappointed with our resort and everything else it had to offer including the (food, service, rental equipment, and the rooms that we stayed in.) About 90% of the people (service) did not speak and/or understand any English, service people that work in the rental equipment place tried to scam us for the Non-motorized equipment (wanted money claming it was for insurance and such). We also did not receive any service in the restaurants or bars of this resort. Food was really bad at Rui Bambu, we saw cockroaches around the food We also tried to reserve spots at the Seafood grill restaurant and they never had any open spots until I gave the guy five dollars, and after he found 8 open spots. And when we got to the Sea food grill restaurant there was no seafood at all. The room that we stayed in had ants crawling around our room, getting all over our stuff, and the cleaning lady would always leave her hair on our towels and all over the bathroom floor. The entertainment that was provided in the hotel was very bad; there was nothing to do in the evening time at all. We never seen any hotel security while staying there and felt very unsecured.. And on the last day of the trip my wife, myself and our friends all got food poisoning. This of course is possible on any vacation, but is due to unsafe food handling, which is what happened in Riu Bambu.Thanks God the weather in Punta Cana was great it was about 85 degrees during the day and in the 70's at night.   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great relaxing vacations We just got back from 4 great nights at the Riu Bambu. The weather was great only had a few rain drops one afternoon while we were on an excursion. The rooms were clean and well taken care of - you had your choice if you wanted the towels washed every day or not, so as to be environmentally friendly. The food was good though I would suppose it could get monotonous after a week. We did enjoy 2 meals in the restaurants (not the main dining room) - the one at the palace was GREAT!! very romantic. On our last night, my husband was surprised with a cake for his birthday (I guess that is why you fill out that stuff when you register) and then when we returned to our room, a bottle of rum was waiting for him. The Outback Safarai was excellent and if the money really does help folks out it makes it an even better tour - would highly recommend this one. Munchie was full of facts and made for a great tour guide and bartender. Just relax and enjoy yourself! We would stay there again but there are so many places in the wworld to try out that we'll probably go somewhere else. This was our 2nd Riu hotel and they have both been great.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MAD&Dib
<Content>I rate it a 4.5 star RIU hotel... Let's start by saying that my opinion is based on my previous experiences staying at the following resorts: Riu Tequila (5 star), Jack Tar Village (3 star) and Bacelo Mayan Beach Resort (5 star) in Mexico and the Riu Mambo (5 star) and H10 (3 star) in the Dominican Republic. My wife and I have just returned from the Riu Bambu (Jan 29-Feb 04) and here's our review. ROOMS: I found the room to be quite appropriate. Nothing to write home about. I would say that it`s a typical Riu room. It was very clean, although we did found a few criters walking and flying around in our room (ants, fruit flies and 2 roach like beasts). Don't leave food in your room or empty glasses with fruits in them. They are attracted by theleft over food. These criters probably walked or flew in the room via the air conditioning vents, the opened patio or room doors. It's always suprising to find one of these criters in your room but let me tell you, that this seems to be a recuring theme when you travel south. Not a big deal. We also found that, while in the room, you can hear very clearly all the noise coming from the room located all around you. You will be awaken by opening and closing doors. Also, since it's a familly resorts, there's a strong possibility that you'll be located in a room next to small children and they do tend to get up quite early in the morning and talk quite loud. Bring earplugs. I have 2 wonderful kids so it doesn't bother me much anymore. The TV channel are quite appropriate: CNN, Showtime, Superstation, Discovery Channel - I think, 3or 4 spanish channels, etc...GROUNDS: The grounds were spectacular, they are very well maintained and beautiful. Palm trees, tropical plants, flowers, etc.. POOLS: I must say that we found the 2 pools quite small compared to some of the pools we swam in at other resorts. On the other hand, the swim up bar was one of the biggest we experienced so far. RESTAURANTS: Didn`t feel the need to do any of the ``? la carte`` restaurants but the comments we got from the people we spoke to, who did go, said that the steak house was quite good. The buffet was typical resort food -- beef, chicken, porc, salads and pasta. Desert where predictable but yummy. I found the food to be average tasting. My wife found it above average. Lot`s of selection but wouldn`t want to eat there for two weeks in a row. Do walk and explore the other Riu resorts (5 of them in total) and do enjoy their bars and buffets. You`ll be eating the same type of food but in a different decor. Do visit the Riu Tanoi beach side buffet restaurant (pink building next to the caribean street). Here you can eat outside under a covered veranda and you will have a fantastic view of the beach. If you crave snacks, do bring them from home because pringles, pretzels, chocolate bar, etc are quite expense at the resort. BEACH: Bring your sun tnning cream. What can I say, endless beach, coconut palms everywhere, hard pack easy to walk on beach, no sheels. You can always find a sunny or shaded area. Sun chairs for everyone and beatifull scenery everywhere you look. I found the waves to be medium in size. The water is mostly green and/or blue colored -- look like paradise to me. The water temperature was quite acceptable. Some sea weeds, but mostly very clear water. Yes, there is a ship reck viewable from the shore and in my opinion, it was kind of neet to see the waves splash onto it. ANIMATION: One of the best I had the chance to experienced so far. Do try out the games, you might win a RIU cap a T-shirt, a bottle of rum or a DR souvenirs. We won 1 T-shirt and 2 bottles of rum. Playing the games will allow you to meet people from all around the world. The games are quite easy: throwing rings onto a 4 pegged board (similar to horse shoe), throwing ping pong balls into water filled cups, etc... If ever you are asked to keep the track of the scores, do it and the animation will reward you with a small bottle of rum. SHOPPING: On the beach on the left hand side (15 minutes) and on right hand side (20 minutes). Never pay the asking price. Here`s the scenario: YOU: How much is this t-shirt? VENDOR (using his calculator): 500 pesos. YOU (using his calculator): I`ll give you 200 pesos. VENDOR: 400 pesos. YOU: I`ll give you 200 pesos no more. VENDOR: 300. YOU (walking away): 250 pesos. VENDOR: OK, OK. It's that easy. Do bring Dollar Store goods to negotiate better prices when bartering with the beach vendors (calculator, sunglasses, clocks, playing cards, pens and pencils, paper, toothpaste, soap, etc). You`ll be able to knock a few US dollars off the asking price. We did walk for 1 hour and 15 minutes, on the right hand side when facing the ocean, and found one fairly bigger market area where the Captain Cook restaurant -- big fish -- is located (Playa Bavaro). Just behind the restaurant we found a small paved street where we found a big enough Dominican grocery store. In this grocery store, we were able to find most of the items that are being sold on the beach shops but at a much lower price. For example, Coffee at $1 US compared to $3 US at the resort, rum, t-shirts, cigars, etc. We walked up on the left hand side of the street and found a small bar where we stopped for a beer (Presidente). They were asking $4 US for two beers which I found to be expensive. I asked the bartender how much these beers would cost me in pesos and I was told 100 pesos ($2 US)! So one word of advice, change some of your US dollars into pesos. From there, we walked up the street and waited on the side of the street to take a public bus to Plaza Bavaro (small shopping mall) where we shopped for a while. I was told that the cigar shop was very good -- no imitation here, if you are interested. We decided to take a taxi back to the resort -- $8 US. EXCURSION: One word, expensive. $85 US per person to ridea monster truck, seated sideways, in the sun all day in order to visit a sugar cane field, a typical school and a house, swim in a cold river, a 15 minute stroll onto a deserted beach and eat a mediocre lunch, was not worth according to my books. I would have paid $40 US per person tops, but that's just me. CASINO: There's a small casino at the RIU Palace. Didn`t see anyone winning the 5 times we were there. There's also a VLT casino at the airport. SHOWS: No comments. TIPPING: We did tip the maid and our buffet waiter every day ($2 US each). We also tipped one of the animation team member before we left and he was very, very, very happy ($5 US dollars). We also tipped randomly the bar staff ($1 US). AIRPORT: Keep some US dollars to pay the departure tax. It is now $20 US per person. Last year it was $10 US per person. Remember, they only accept US dollars. Also, when you enter the country, you will be ask to purchase, if it's not included in your tour package, a tourist card at a cost of $10 US per person. The custom officer will take half of this card when you center the country and the other half is required when you leave. TELEPHONE: We found that using the telephone in the lobby of the hotel near the reception quite affordable ($0.80 US per minute). OTHER: There`s a safe in the room at no extra cost. There`s also 4 bottles of booze and a stocked mini-fridge (water, softdrinks, beer, etc...) FINAL WORD: Would I go back? Yes.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely want to go again. We have been to this resort twice March 2002 and March 2003. It was awesome. My husband and 2 children (now 4 and 2 1/2) had two of the best trips we have ever had. The food was great and there was a huge variety, the pools and pool bar were excellent, the beach was huge and had lots of chairs, shade and sun, the rooms were very nice and the entertainment was very good. It was a great family resort and would highly recommend it. We are sad to say that we will not be returning to this resort this spring. The word must have gotten out about how good it is because we could not get a child special to visit there again in March 2004. We tried to book but it was too late and all the child specials were gone. We had met this really nice german lady who travelled there in 2002 and 2003 at the same time we did and we were hoping to see her again. Maybe next year. This year we have opted for the Riu Tequila in Playa Del Carmen Mexico. Hopefully it is a wonderful as the Bambu. If not, we will book early next year and return to the Bambu in March 2005.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best! I think this was the best trip ever for me and my family. If we could give them stars, they will deserve 6!!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu is wonderful!!!! My husband and I loved Riu Bambu! The food was very good, service was good, with exception of the front desk when it came to giving wake up calls and requests for assistance. Check in and out was smooth and painless. If you needed to make request at the desk it was fine. The dining areas were nice and clean the food was good and there was a variety that we found nice. The grounds and resort were beautiful. The beach was nice although could have been cleaned a bit better, a lot of cigarette butts laying around which is always unsightly. The sea is beautiful turquoise although not clear and the sand is white. The weather was absolutely gorgeous 70-85 and sunny or partly cloudy every day the evenings were comfortable. The entertainment was good but not consistently. One night would be very entertaining and the next OK. The entertainment staff in general was wonderful they work very hard and made the atmosphere fun. Attentive but not intrusive. Activites golare if you can't find something to do during the day you are a bore. The rooms are OK, not great, but sufficient being as you don't spend much time there. We slept well so that is all that really matters. There is not much night life if that is what your looking for. Horseback riding is not recommended we went and it was OK not worth the $ unless your experienced maybe. Water sports are readily available and there was great boggie boarding the waves are big and make for a lot of fun. Snorkeling was good not great from what my husband said. We went Jan 19th-26th not many kids so it was nice. They do have a great childrens activities director, Angela, she takes very good care of the little ones. The cost of misc. things was very reasonable you did not feel like you were being had. Dickering on prices particularly on beach shops is welcomed. If you are looking for great shopping you will be a bit disappointed. Overall it was the best vacation we have ever been on and we highly recommend Riu Bambu!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Trip From Hell! We just got back from a week in the Dominican Republic Punta Cana. We stayed at the so called 5 star Riu Bamboo (more like a 3 star). We had a few problems with the hotel and the Sunquest rep Frankie.Problem #1 The Sunquest rep Frankie told everyone at the welcome briefing that if we needed anything or if we had any problems to see him, that he wanted our stay to be not just good implying that we should all have a very good time. He went on to say: not to buy cigars from the vendors there but to see him and he would take us to a cigar factory.Another man (Canadian) and I took him up on the cigars (trusting him as he said to do). Frankie paid for the taxi and off we went (this was our first hour there for us). We ended up at another resort at a small cigar store (not a factory). Anyways I purchased $100 us worth of cigars. The other gentleman spent $450 (he smokes cigars all the time he said).We then went outside of the store and Frankie said that he had to go back inside to call a taxi. (I looked back and saw the shop keeper handing Frankie US funds).2 days later, my wife and I are out on an outing and we stopped at a store to buy t-shirts. In this store we saw the exact same cigars we paid Frankie $100 US for, for under $19 US. My wife and I felt ripped off.So once back at our hotel, I looked for the other guy who bought $450 worth of cigars to tell him what had happen. He wasn't surprised because he told me that the 2 boxes of cuban cigars he purchased were fake and not Cuban Cigars. He felt ripped off too! And this is our travel rep from Sunquest vacations!Problem #2 Our hotel room door was left open (by bar man or housekeeping) and money was missing from our room. The hotel Director Rani Ghosheh did nothing to resolve this problem and when I asked to call the police he said that Frankie would call them in the morning. The next day, Rani said the police only speaks Spanish and that his security is investigating it. No security ever talked to my wife or I and we never seen any hotel securty while staying there.So we tried to call the police from our telephone in our room, but it went to the hotel's front desk and they would not make the call for us.My wife was scared with all this and could not sleep and felt very unsecure. If you want more details, please email me.The manager did not make matters any better by saying that my wife was pregant and thats the reason why she stayed the last 2 days in the room.i told him that my wife was not pregnant and that he owed my wife an apology (insinuating that she is then fat). He just walked away from me.What could I do? Here I am in another country and already feeling unsafe. So I did nothing. I was happy to leave and would never go back there.Although the ocean was great and the weather to, I would not recommend this trip on anyone.Look at Mexico, its the same weather and more Americanized, plus the food was really bad at Rui Bamboo, we saw 2 cock roaches around the food, but thats another story.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2fly123
<Content>Not what you expect from a five star hotel This resort looks great in a brochure and on its website, but take my advice and do some further research before booking this hotel. I stayed in Riu Bambu for six nights and to tell you honestly, I couldn't wait to get back home to NY (even though I was coming back to 12 degrees(F) weather. The weather in Punta Cana was great it was about 85 degrees during the day and in the 70's at night. The hotel has a great beach and is very pleasant. However, I was quite disappointed by the room. It was TINY!! There was a lack of towels in the room and when I requested towels I was told they are on the way and after the 4th request I gave up asking. You walk into the room and take 2 steps and there is the bed take two more steps and you're in the bathroom, take another step and you're on the balcony. Not at all your typical five star hotel room. The food was good the first two days and then you realize its the same food in different forms. Be careful of what you eat because the person with whom i traveled got sick and spend 5 days on antibiotics because she had an intestinal infection from something she ate in the colonial restaurant. She had to sit indoors for the majority of the trip because of extensive vomiting. This of course is possible on any vacation, but is due to unsafe food handling, which is what happened in Riu Bambu. All in all if you are looking for a cheap getaway this hotel was okay, but if you are expecting a five star hotel go elsewhere because you won't get it here. And by the way, brush up on your spanish because NOBODY speaks english. You'd think the staff were trained to accomodate tourists but this was not the case. The staff tried to be friendly but it just didn't work. and just as a side note the other guests at the hotel are 90% german and the remaining 10% are from other european countries and a small amount from the US and Canada.... Hope this was helpful to you guys.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great resort for all My husband, my 2 kids (aged 3 and 6) and my parents just returned from 2 weeks at the Riu Bambu (Jan.1 to Jan.15, 2004). We had a wonderful time. The grounds are kept quite clean, the food was plentiful and NOT boring, and the staff is energetic, especially the animation staff. There was plenty for all to do! We brought a load of medicines and not one of us ever got sick! The beach is gorgeous, large and has both shade and sun for all. The bars are close enough to the beach. If you plan on drinking all day while on the beach, then walking around a bit is necessary to work off all of those calories! We walked around the other Riu properties but were happy spending our days at the Bambu. Our only complaints are that we would have liked a hot-water jacuzzi and we had to ask for water to be delivered to our room when our water supply was low. Also, the first few days of our stay were VERY WINDY and there were a few short rain storms. Our sons, however, did not seem to mind at all and complained almost each night when we had to leave the beach to get ready for dinner. I would return to this resort for sure!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super holiday My Wife and I visited the Riu Bambu resort from 7th January - 14th January 2004. We are aged in our mid twenties and can say we had the most enjoyable amazing trip ever. So I thought I would write a full as review as possible. We flew from London Gatwick Airport with My Travel Airways, which was fine. The flight lasted approximately 9 hours going there and on return only 7 hours 30, due to the tail winds. On arrival at Punta Cana Airport the first thing we noticed was obviously the heat, it was around 4.30 ish yet it was still lovely and hot even at that time. A sort walk across the tarmac took us to the arrivals where as soon as you enter you are photographed with a pretty Dominican lady. Being tired, we both thought that this was a security photo yet when going back to UK in departures all photos were posted up giving you the opportunity to buy one. Needless to say after long flights, most people looked pretty rough! Once through the photo all passengers are required to fill out a tourist card to hand in at immigration where they tear off the top strip. We purchased one before we flew out form the Consulate office in Liverpool and filled it out at home which we are pleased we did as the people who bought one on arrival had a bit of a queue to buy one and then had to fill it out there. Just made our life a little easier that s all. After immigration we thought we were done and heading for the coach yet forgot about baggage and I was one of the unlucky ones who had their bags searched. This was probably the least enjoyable part of the trip as they were rather heavy handed when doing this and I don t even think they were being that thorough when searching anyway. Anyway after this you walk outside where there are porters trying to take your bags to the various coaches as I didn t know what coach to go on my main concern wasn t a porter but finding our tour rep, Thomas Cook, who were all lined up waiting to tick your names. When we got to our coach we were slightly peeved that one chap asked for a tip for taking our bags literally 5 metres. I love tipping but that seemed to take the mick a bit. When on the coach the holiday really started. The driver switched on the music and suddenly the soundtrack to holiday had started! The journey to Riu Bambu for us lasted about 1 hour, as there were other hotels to stop off at first. Can definitely say that Riu Bambu looked the best by far. Arriving at the Bambu was painless and the check in reception staff were instantly friendly and helpful, a trait that was reflected through every member of staff we met during the trip. A porter takes your luggage and you then find your room. One bit of advice here. We were in a room the furthest from the reception, which wasn t a problem and only a couple of minutes walk, yet couldn t find it the first time and in the dark, as it got dark at 6.30, we got lost! Therefore it s a good idea to look at the map they give you first to work out the numbering of rooms go. The room itself was wonderful and completely to our taste and convenience. It was well air conditioned and also had a ceiling fan. The safe was good, yet I couldn t work out how to operate it at first, as the key was tricky to put in yet when you get the knack it s easy. There is a minibar full of beer, sprite, coke tonic water, and four optic dispensers of Rum, Gin, Whisky and Brandy and bottle opener and it was all free hooray! You are also given a very large bottle of water, sealed, that is safe to drink and replaced every two days. We could have done with maybe slightly more but this didn t really affect us that much and I imagine if we had asked the reception they would have kindly obliged. The shower and bath were both easy to use and the bathroom itself was clean and tidy but the light in there didn t do your tan justice as it was quite bright! We found the beds quite hard but didn t care about this at all as we got so tired that we could have slept on anything. The balcony was also nice with chairs and table and also a rack for wet clothing very handy. Bring a hairdryer; there isn t one and also the correct adaptor (USA). The TV in the room worked well and most channels were either American or Spanish. Now comes my big word of advice for parents with children at the resort. In the morning on what was our channel 23, at even 7.30/8 am we switched on to find hard-core porn playing freely much to our surprise. This didn t bother us but I would definitely have had concerns if we had kids with us and they saw this. This didn t seem to be there all the time, only in the morning before breakfast and I imagine through the night and maybe it is me being a prudish Brit as we don t get this, but I found this so surprising. We loved the food and didn t become ill at all. Breakfast was lovely. There is a huge selection of fruit, mostly tropical, fully cooked selection of fried food, pancakes, doughnuts, rolls, unlimited fruit juices, cereals, toast etc. Really very very nice. Lunch food was probably my favourite time. Again there is a huge selection of food, fried, cooked meats, fish, vegetables, salad bar (didn t use this though as we had heard this was most likely to give you the Belly problems) all to choose from plus lovely puddings and more fruit. Evening meal again was wonderful, I had read reviews that there was not enough choice, I must have been at a different hotel. There seemed to be something for everyone and I am a really picky eater but enjoyed something new every night. The drinks in the restaurant were also good. Fruit juices, fizzy drinks flowed freely and you could help yourself to beer on tap and wine (rose, white and red) though I found the White and bit grim for my liking. The two main swimming pools were lovely and even though I had read that some people found them too small, we didn t notice this at all and there always seemed to be plenty of space for everyone. The Jacuzzi was a lot of fun and there always seemed to be a free bed. Many beds are in the shade and there are also many in the sun so you can take your pick. Sometimes the shade was needed as it got so hot and really easy to burn yourself. The Swim up bar, how I loved this! There are approximately 25 seats around it, and yes the afternoon got crowded but if you keep your eyes open you can usually find a space. Above the bar are the names and ingredients of cocktails stating either alcoholic or non-alcoholic and they were lovely. You could also have other drinks e.g. beer, vodka, coke etc if you fancied. The bar staff were excellent; we made really good friends with Javier who was the most fun bar staff man around. After a tip at the beginning of our holiday he really looked after us, even though he was also great before we tipped him. He even used to shout up to me when I wasn t at the bar to see if we wanted another drink. Ahhh, we miss Javier! The pools were warm and refreshing. The animation staff were so **** hard working. They were constantly from morning till late at night doing their work and doing it very well indeed. There were two girls who seemed to do most of the children s activities during the day, who we called girl A and Girl B (Girl B seemed newer) and the kids seemed to love them both and got involved in face painting, volleyball, football, dancing, etc etc. For the older kids amongst us and adults the animation staff were also great. Water Aerobics was fun for both sexes and they organised darts competitions, dancing, volleyball, etc I won a swimming competition which I was quite proud of! The only thing I would say is that sometimes you felt like you had to hide if you didn t want to do an activity as they were trying to get so many people involved. Yet a straightforward no seemed to do the trick. Before we knew there names we gave them nicknames: Shaggy (guess who he is), The Chunk, Kieron Dyer, Boy C, The Queen (again guess who he or she is!) and Ad Bandy and they were all fun. They seemed to work to soundtrack of music through the day and at times just came to the pool and did a dance. You could never get bored here, whatever age you are. One thing I would say is that if you want a completely quiet holiday this isn t for you as they do use music quite a bit round the pools. We loved it though and wish we had the music at home now to relax and dance to! The beach was stunning and the water crystal clear and warm and safe. There were also enough beds for everyone. We loved the beach so much it was perfect postcard material. One word of advice, it can get a bit breezy and you can forget how strong the sun is and thus burns easily happen if you are not careful, like me! The grounds of the Bambu were amazingly well kept and everywhere looks attractive. We were really impressed with the maintenance, if anything needed doing it was done. Look out for the lizards and tropical birds they are lovely to look at. The evening entertainment was quite cheesy but enjoyable nonetheless. It starts with the kids entertainment which was fun to watch and then comes the dancing with the animation staff if you want to followed by awards given to competition winners from the day, followed by a fun icebreaker and then a show, mixed in with more dancing from the animation staff and laughing at the Queen s outfits! Mix this with unlimited bars and popcorn for all and the cheese didn t bother us at all. With regards to money, from a British point of view, you need to take US dollars with you and you can either buy things in US dollars or get it changed to Peso s in the reception. We barely spent anything though and mainly used our money for tipping and $20 departure tax. We were really sad to leave the Bambu as you can probably tell from my ridiculously long essay but would love to go there again in an instant. I have read reviews of people stating that it shouldn t be 5 star but maybe 4. Well, it might be my age showing and lack of visits to 5 star hotels but this looked the best hotel we saw in the Dominican, as we looked around several others and from our point of view couldn t have been any better and THAT justifies why we give it 5 stars. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu: Best Hotel...Best Trip Ever We are 2 families consisting of 8 people who have travelled 4 times together. We have been to Cancun, Mayan Riviera and Punta Cana twice. We stayed in Punta Cana last year and decided we loved the beach so much that we'd try it again and stay at the Riu Bambu. We were there from Dec 28-Jan 4, 2004. I think its safe to say that we picked the most appropriate resort...well actually the BEST resort!! We were 4 adults and 4 teenagers aged 14, 15, 17  18. There was something to do for everyone 24 hours a day. I'm gonna start with our arrival into Punta Cana. One thing we were disappointed with was Skyservice. The flight itself was excellent. But, since when do you have to pay for a glass of pop or a bottle of water. In previous years, it was well understood that to get a spirit or wine you had to pay, but now you have to pay for a glass of water...gimme a break...you spend over $9000 and you also need to pay for water aboard your flight. That is ridiculous, not to mention the meal we received...a disgusting turkey sandwich on a croissant. At 6am...and being up all night, you kinda want something more stimulating....When we arrived in Punta Cana, we were told to wait at a specific carrosel to pick up our luggages, although nobody's luggage was coming out. The same ones were going around for half an hour. Airport officials kept making us move from carrosel to carrosel until finally after about an hour we received our luggages. We boarded our coach bus for the Riu Bambu, our bus guide was Wilken..very nice, well dressed and helpful gentleman. We arrived at the Riu complex within 25-30 minutes. We dropped off guests at the Riu Naiboa, the Riu Taino and then us at the Riu Bambu. Its good that they have the stay at 1, play at 4 although we didn't take advantage of that too much because the Riu Bambu was great. The adults went to the Taino bars when they walked over to meet some other people from Toronto. Upon our arrival, waitresses were in the lobby serving Welcome Drinks. Everything was well organized and ready for arrival because our check in to the hotel took literally 3 minutes, and for once our rooms were ready too!! We didn't have to wait around for 4 hours till the rooms got cleaned. That in itself is 5 star service. The Colonial Restaurant is where we had our breakfasts and dinners. Our seating for dinner was at 8:30pm and we had the same waiter and waitress everynight. Nercedia and Raffaele (Raff) were great and always smiling and saying hola. The food at the restaurant was great and there was always something to satisfy one's appetite. During the day for lunch or late night snacks, we would go to Mamajuana. The food was okay there and it was right near the activity centre and pool area so you wouldn't miss out on any action going on around there. The bars are really good...always plenty of seating around the bar areas. Our favourite bar was La Arena because it also had the swim up pool bar. Our favourite bartender was A.J. he made the best drinks...especially the Nothing drink. He was always there and always had a smile on his face. On the second day we were there, he already knew our drink orders!! Jose Luis is a good guy too, always trying to come up with a new handshake!! Try the Lumbumba...its awesome. There is not enough I could say about the entertainment staff.....they are absolutely incredible!!!!!!!!! 5 star entertainment. These people start at 9:30am and don't finish until 12 midnight. Activities are endless during the day...a fun game is Whiskey Rise Rum and Jimmy Cappucino usually runs that....try and win cause you will win a bottle of Ron Criollo! Another must is 5pm Bingo with Latiti...you will have the laugh of your life. Numero Uno...Latiti...48...Happy Birthday Tina and Santa Clara. The other guys...Benjamin, Manuel, Kelvin and Richard are awesome too. Manuel, Benjamin and Richard really know how to shake their stuff. You gotta play Ping Pong with Kelvin because eventually by the end of the week, he'll make you win and then you can go up on the stage that night and earn your Riu certificate. Manuel and Benjamin will teach you how to dance salsa, merengue or bachata. We also learned to dance to the Riu Club Song and the Cha Cha slide. By the end of the week, you'll know both dances. We even bought the CD. Everynight they put on a different show to entertain everyone at 10pm. The best shows were the Hit Parade, Grease and Miss Bambu. For New Years Eve, the hotel prepared a big dinner with specialty foods and the theatre had a live band, and dancing for all. Each person was also given a big bag of party favours each. It was soo well organized and lots of fun!! The Pacha Disco is a little bit of a walk from the Bambu. Its closer to the Taino and just on Carribean Street. Its a lot of fun there on a nightly basis. At around 12:30am it starts to get busy from the Locals who go and the people from the Riu Hotels. The animacion team also goes so you have a real blast!! They play all top 40 hits, RB, Hip Hop, dance,Euro and latin and Salsa...its like being at a club in downtown T.O. The beach is beautiful with lots of lounge chairs and palm trees in case someone wants to be in the shade. The water is crystal blue and fun to swim in. There is no seaweed either. No vendors on the beach. There are 2 markets you can walk to. One on the right and one on the left of the riu bambu when walking on the beach. The one on the left is about a 15 minute walk. On Playa Arena Gorda, you can actually sleep for hours without anyone bothering you. Be aware, there are lots of topless european women there....but after a while, it seems normal. One night the adults went to the Medittaranean restaurant which they said was okay and another night they took a bus to Captain Cooke's for a big fish dinner which was fantastic if you are a fish eater. To make reservations for Captain Cooke's you can walk over to Carribean Street to the head office and make arrangements. While you are there, take a look at the stores on Carribean Street, there are some nice things you can pick up. The cleanliness of the resort is an A+. The grounds are well groomed and the rooms are very clean. Another thing that really made us happy, was the fact that everyday, all day we would see the managers walking around the resort making sure everything was up to par. Wellington is a good man and also very friendly. We were his people. We saw Wellington when we woke up in the morning and when we went to bed at night. That goes to show how dedicated to his job he really is. I think I've covered most of my trip......the only upsetting thing was HAVING TO GO HOME TO TORONTO TO SNOW....:( Everything else was 5 star, A+. No complaints whatsoever.Again, thanks to Wellington, A.J., Manuel, Richard, Kelvin, Latiti, Benjamin, and Angela for making our trip a memorable one!!! We will definitely be back again very soon!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a 5 Star Hotel  I was at Riu Bambu on the last week of Dec., 2003. Riu Bambu is not a luxury hotel. It is far from that. I had a very accessible room to amenities but I was disappointed with the room. The Hotel only provided two towels for each guest (i.e. one bath and one hand), not in the case of 5 star hotels. Also, the bedsheets kept slipping off the mattress. The food is what one would expect from an all-inclusive...nothing special and very repetitious. There was virtually nothing to do except when you go out on tours. The staff though were very friendly and always willing to help. The saving grace of this hotel is that the beach is BEAUTIFUL!!! White powder sand and plenty of chaise lounges. I will not go back to this hotel. I enjoy a more luxurious accommodations when I'm on vacation.   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love/Hate relationship It's been almost a month since I returned from the Riu Bambu and I have to say I'm pretty neutral about the place, I didn't love it nor I didn't hate it.The reason why I can't say that I loved it was the food. This is the first resort that I can I say, that the food was pretty much the same all week and it didn't make my taste buds tingle and I'm not a picky eater. Then I got sick when I was there and even a week after I got back. This has never happened to me before. I've been to Puerto Plata, Mexico and St. Maarten and this is the first time I got sick and I found the food to be much better at all the other resorts that I have been to. My husband was okay though and we were both careful about not drinking the water.If you are prone to mosquito bites, BEWARE, I got over 30 bites, bring insect repellent and if you are a beach lover, the washrooms from the beach are pretty far. Also, there is no bar service at the beach, you have to get up and get it and it's not right around the corner from the beach. (This is for the people that may like this kinda of service, I personally didn't care)Okay, some reasons why I loved it. The service was impeccable. They really work and cater to your needs. The grounds were beautiful and clean, the place was extremely clean and so was my room.The beach was great with the palm trees protecting you from the sun if you needed it and the sand very soft and not hot. Some sea weed though in the ocean. Pool bar was great, the animation team was great, and I enjoyed most of the shows whcih is geared to adults, not really for young children.All in all, I enjoyed myself, met some great people, but would I return, no, I would try somewhere new.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Bambu for a family Xmas Our first visit to the Dominican Republic. The beach was the main feature. Great ocean beach protected by the reef but with enough wave action to body surf and sail. Hotel staff were very well trained and their first reaction to anything was no problem and they would work hard to solve anything that came up. The buffets were pretty good, sometimes very good. Try the local fish and the pork. The rooms were quite comfortable and we spent very little time in them because of the long beach hours. Entertainment was not spectacular and they could do with anice nightclub on site with moire live bands and local music. Dance instruction was available and was pretty good. Our group of 16 ranged from 2years old to 73 years old and we all enjoyed it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved it!!! We cannot say enough about this resort!!! We flew in on New Years Eve of 2002, and spent the first week of 2003 there. It's been almost a year and still the memories are so vivid. They had this incredible New Year's Eve party with noise makers and party hats and streamers and a live dance show. The beach was beautiful, the staff was more than helpful and it definitely exceeded our expectations. I've noticed that some people have said the food wasn't that great. In our opinion, unless you're extremely picky and have a limited diet, there wasn't much lacking. I will say that they don't have cold milk available for a drink at dinnertime and the last day we were there, I asked the bartender for some. It was really refreshing to have the milk, but it tasted a little off and we later found out that they use goats milk. We cannot say enough about how much fun we had and how relaxing it was. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bear this in mind... I give this resort a well-deserved four star rating, though after reading my review you may wonder why. Magnificent setting, palm-shaded beach protected by a reef half a mile out to sea, water safe yet lively, with a steady AM breeze that provided exciting sailing in their brand-new Hobie fleet. We found the food to be very good and dining at the Caribe Grill in the adjacent RIU Palace was a bonus experience you should not miss. (We were surprised that so few people seemed to take advantage.) We sun-bathed, swam, sailed, Scubaed, and snorkelled to our heart's content, then closed the day with Sundowners (try the Mango Daquiri!). So where's the rub? Well, three of our party were afflicted with Montezuma's Revenge to a somewhat exacting degree. In one case the runs, and ensuing nausea, dizziness, and fever required a course of antibiotics and and a saline IV. Luckily for all concerned our experience did not seem to be typical. It was clear from the doctor's office that it wasn't unique - there was a steady trickle of patients with similar symptoms - but the problem wasn't epidemic. I checked around with the locals and predictably no one wanted to be too explicit. One employe with whom I became friendly mentioned that the staff believes the problem is caused by the sald vegetables - which are trucked or air-freighted intoi Punta Carna and may be washed in dubious water. My advice would be to think twice about the salad bar - and if symtoms worsen in the first few hours, to rush around to the excellent and budget-priced physician. Anyway, I thought I'd mention this for the benefit of other travellers, and to see whether anyone can shed further light. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Without the medical glitch mentioned above I would rate it a five-star bargain.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun vacation Just returned from 1 week in Riu Bambu (Dec9-16, 2003). The resort is great, everything is very close, and everyone tries to make sure u have a time of your life. Some people complain about the size of pools - i find it great size.If u want huuuuuuge, go to the ocean!! Food was nothing to write home about, except for breakfast..There is a great variety, but the taste is just not that good - some need more salt, some are overcooked, etc. It was ok, but i expected better. They say that Riu Bambu is better than a Palace, which is more stars and more expensive.It must be true, cause we always had people over from the palace in our pool and in our restaurants. Riu Bambu is definitely fun for young and middle=age people.Lots of yonge families (I kicked myself for not taking my 18-month old daughter with us,as there were lots of other, even younger, kids.) A word of warning - i got sick in a middle of my vacation after having dinner at Caribe Grill on the beach which is by reservation only, and is not easy to get into.SO, take my advise and stay within the actual Bambu - although their food is not 5*, but at least u dont get sick from it. ( I knew that lobster bisque is not supposed to be green, but the curiosity got better of me and i ate few spoons - big mistake!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room for improvement First impressions of the RIU Bambu are very good. The property is nice, well maintained; and the staff is very helpful and attentive. Within a short while of checking in, the front desk called to make sure everything was OK; even called back during the week to check how we were doing. Off to a great start. It didn't last. The main issues we had were with the food, with our intestine, and the ants. The first couple days of buffets is OK, but it get old quickly ... same old, same old, every day. We don't mind buffets for breakfast and lunch, but look forward to a la carte dinners. The two a la cartes (Mediterrenean and Steak) at the Bambu are a joke. They convert one of the buffet restaurants into two a la carte. The food was not good. Fortunately, they also offer the Caribe Grill at the RIU Palace; it is VERY good. We went three times. The other problem is that we all got stomach cramps; and a week later still have them! Imodium cocktail anyone? We were careful about not drinking the water and watched the types of foods we ate. Lastly, our rooms had biting ants. I must say that the Punta Cana beach is very nice. Overall, the RIU is not a 5 star, more like 4 star. Last February, we stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana. It is one of the best all inclusive resorts we have ever stayed at! They have real a la carte restaurants, with great food. Bonus, no stomach issues there. Recommendation to RIU ... should make real improvements in the food and the food preparation.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FromVAAlexandria
<Content>A Great Trip Mu husband and I were guests at the Riu Bambu from Dec. 5-10. The hotel was very clean, the staff friendly, and the beach was gorgeous. Although RR was my primary goal- mission accomplished- it wasn't the easiest to find out what the daily activities were. The bed was rock hard, but after the first or second night it wasn't so bad. My husband liked it, so is definitely a personal preference. I had requested a room close and found my request honored. I was impressed that I recieved an e-mail back from the hotel within hours. Trying to give new advice, as I brought wash cloths insulated cups and Imodium, which I found out through forums such as this. Definitely tip your bartenders nightly and you will be well taken care of. Breakfast in the Colonial Restuarant is the best meal. Also, the espresso at the hotel is terrific. I found the items in the gift shop to be reasonably priced. The front desk will provide an adaptor for your blowdryer etc., They use the same voltage, but unless your plug doesn't have the safety grounding it will not fit into the plug.All in all, we were not ready to leave and would go back in a heartbeat. It is a terrific value and if you don't go into it thinking you are staying at the Ritz or St. Regis, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>decklover
<Content>Dream Vacation We just returned from Riu Bambu Nov. 20/03 This was our first vacation at an all inclusive resort and first time to punta cana. After having spent 7 nights here - We'll be back - it was nothing short of a dream vacation - the staff are so friendly and the facilities are 5 star in all respects. The ocean beach was breath taking and we walked for miles almost every morning. The room was excellent and the mini bar in the room actually was stocked with full size bottles of a variety of liquor set up just like in a restaurant bar, as well as beer and coke and soda water. One word of caution - if your luggage is not over weight at your airport on departure to punta cana - it will most likely be at the punta cana airport - almost everyone was being charged 25 - 35 american dollars for over weight luggage - to avoid this fee I removed one small piece of luggage and made it a carry on. Other than that - the trip and facilities were nothing short of amazing. Go and Enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice I am a Travel Agent just returning from Punta Cana on Nov.8. Loved the island and people. Lovely, compact and fun hotel. Rooms are very nice, however toiletries could have been better. No hairdryers in the room, and only one electrical outlet!! Food is decent as in all Riu resorts, (not my favourite; the Iberostar has the best food between the 2 competing hotel chains). Fun pool, with lots of activities and great pool bar, and jacuzzi; however the pool could be larger for those who want a quieter area. Great for singles and young couples or young at heart. Very lively and fun. Grounds nice and compact. Beach is fabulous and close to everything (pool, bars, restaurants etc), compared to many other resorts I have stayed at or inspected. Lovely Caribbean street with shops and spa and great party once a week on the street. Disco was a lot of fun. Wonderfully lit beach walk well lit at night between the Riu Bambu, Riu Palace and Riu Taino. Service is quite good as well. Overall a very nice property.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laurent
<Content>Okay but a lot of problems I really don't understand why so many people are enthusiastic about this hotel. The food isn't that great, the pool is small, the entertainment is boring, there is no palapas on the beach so you're moving your sun chairs all day long not to get a sunburn.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't wait to return We had two children with us and they were never bored. This year we are going with out the kids and can't wait. The food was awesome and the rooms were all close to the pool and beaches. My only complaint is I wish the bathroom was a little closer to the beach. Also massages on the beach didn't get any better, these girls were excellent as were all the spa services. I returned beautiful and refreshed.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent choice I stayed in Riu Banbu in October of 2003. the resort was excelent in every area, and deserve a 5 star rating.It was clean, hospitable, and I look forward to go back again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not overly impressed but still satisfied. My husband and I vacationed at Riu Bambu for our honeymoon, October 6-13. We were pleased with the service, cleanliness and staff, but we became extrememly tired of the food early into our stay. It was wonderful having everything at our fingertips; however the food got repetitive and everywhere we went to eat throughout the Riu Bambu hotel, everything was the same. We are probably just spoiled Americans that eat bad, fattening food, but it was our honeymoon and we normally enjoy dining out at home. A few days before our departure I discovered that the lunch buffet served saltine crackers, which I lived off of until we left. Other than the food, everything was fine. The entertainment was a bit cheesy, but if we were in the vicinity of it we were sitting at the bar anyway, not paying much attention. The bartenders were extremely nice and accommodating, and my husband enjoyed talking baseball with them as the World Series was approaching. All of the bartenders at Riu Bambu are wonderful people and they should be tipped as much as possible! The only other downfall was that the cleaning staff could be quite loud in the mornings; we are in our 20s and still sleep past 6AM whenever possible. We realized that the Dominican people are very happy, cheerful people, but the cleaning staff should be asked by management to keep it down during their morning rounds. They woke us up 3 days in a row by singing, laughing and joking with each other; not to mention running up and down the hallway. All in all it was a nice experience, but if you are looking for a real honeymoon with a little bit of extra attention, you might want to research your options.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best 5* Punta Cana As a travel agent i can say, it's the best hotel off Punta Cana; great meals; good entertainment, nice rooms, who copmlains about this hotel does know nothing about hotels. Far better than the inberostar wich is located next to this hotel  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat! 10-10-03 Me and 5 friends just returned home from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Riu Bambu. I had read all the reviews and (I can't understand some of the things that were stated) have to tell you all that this was one of the most relaxing trips I have taken. I travel twice a year usually and head south for the warmth, etc. Warmth we had...and humidity! It didn't matter however, because there was always water nearby.One of my party had recently sustained a broken back and needed a wheelchair. We had requested 3 first floor rooms together (from out travel agent which was never received by the hotel). Although we had to wait 2 days to get 3 rooms together, we were very happy with the treatment we recieved.Don't listen to the rubbish about the water. Yes it is true that you can't drink water from the tap, but you are provided with a gallon of water every other day (o more if you request it) in your room. The water in the restaurants is safe and delicious.Do bring a converter plug for the bathroom. If you don't have one, you can purchase one for $1.00 in the gift shop. Rooms have no coffee pots, hair dryers, or irons. Don't need to bring towels..they have plenty.Rooms are clean and spacious. Beds are hard as a rock..but good for bad backs!My biggest surprise was the bars. I drank Pina Colada's all week and my friend drank Mai Tai's. We thought they were a bit weak as we were drinking many each day. On Friday my friend watched as they made out drinks and noticed no rum! You have to say with rum or you're drinking virgin. I felt like a total fool not being ablre to tell the difference!Many reviews stated that the food was reptitcious. Don't know where that came from. The selection was magnificent. Breakfast was essentialy the same every day, lunch had many variations, and dinner....if you couldn't find something you liked you're way to pickey! Each night you had a choice of beef, pork, chicken, a fish, as well as a special like turkey, prime rib, fish of the day, roast pig, etc. Although I love tacos, Mexican night was my least favorite. Can't explain why...maybe I like making my own tacos! Every day (lund and dinner) the had soup. This was to die for! No matter how hot it is outside...sou is a have to. We opted for the early dinner seating (6:30) The first night you are there you bring them your room card and they assign you a table that is yours for the entire week. The first night we sat inside and found it to be hotter than h---. 6 menopausal woman was not a good thing inside! We asked to have an outide table and it was wonderful. I would suggest this. Breakfast and lunch you sit anywhere. We had great waiters and bus people and did tip them at the end of the week. ($5-10 each. There were 2-3 of them..all the same wach night).My biggest problem was the bathrooms. although they were beautiful and clean, there just wasn'tr enough of them. If you are at the beach, you have to walki all the way back to the lobby or the outside restaurant to use the facilities. BAD if you have an urgent problem! An second, no drink facilities on the beach. It is so hot and you have to walk all the way to the pool to get something to drink. In that heat, it doesn't stay cold too long!No too much shopping. There is a little mall down the beach a piece but not much in the way of shopping. As I have traveled to many of the islands I have enough tee shirts, etc. I honestly did not by one single souvenier! (I did however buy myself a trinket when I got home just for the principle of it)!.Lastly, learn a little bit of Spanish! The week we were there, I encountered maybe 10 english speaking people. Most were German, Dutch and of course natives. I suspect that many of them new more english than they were willing to admit to, but regardless, I felt like quite a fool not being able to converse.Oh yes, last but not least....I am not accustomed to seeing so much bare skin. Americans are not as free with nakedness as the Europeons. Lots of topless, butt-floss and Speedo's. Was the cause of alot of laughs however. I am somewhat overweight (as many of us are) and I felt like Ms. America when I got home!Enjoy yourself and let me know how YOU enjoyed your stay at Riu Bambu. I plan to return as soon as I can.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fanstastic holiday I stayed at the Riu Bambu in August 2003 with my family which consisted of 8 adults and 1 child. We all thought that the hotel was fantastic in every way and that the choice of foods was excellent. The beaches are fantastic and no matter what time you went on the beach their was plenty of loungers and shade. The pools are really nice however the swim up bar was very packed at times and noisy and if you like to enjoy a peacefull swim or just relax by the pool then you are best to stop by the small pool. The minibars in the rooms were great and if you do not like what sipirts you have in your room then you can ask reception to change them to what you like.The Rooms were brillliant and the beds were really confortable and the maid was great! The entertainment was very good although some of the shows were not as good as the others but not bad I have deffinately seen worse. During our stay I got married and although the service was excellent and only lasted about 10 minutes I was disappointed by our photographer. Our photos should have been ready 2 days after we married but after 6 attempts of going to the shop in the carribean street we were able to place our order on what we wanted. After many attempts to collect our photos we have to involve our tour rep who eventually got the photos deleivered to the hotel. Also ask for a reciept from him for what he does because we found that he had charged us wrong but because he did not speak much english it was difficult to argue the odds so we left it. On a good note allthe staff at the hotel are excellent and very friendly and we would have no hesitations in going backto the Riu Bambu. If you have a Choice try and travel with Thomasons they were fantastic annd so was our rep Julie.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best of the best We stay at Riu Bambu for one weeks,it was the best time of our lives.The bartenders very friendly and they keep every body laught.The food could not be better,so many variety.for every taste.We will go back again,any time soon.A simply Paradise.....  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barefoot22
<Content>Good value OK so I'm a little slow but I am going to now tell you my opinion on the Rui Bambu. Trip in January, 2003 with 8 adults and 2 children (ages 4 and 1). I have traveled to other AI (Cancun(3 times), Jamaica, Aruba, and Angitua. I have to say this was the most beautiful beach that I have been too!!! Their was plenty of loungers and shade (with kids this is a great blessing). The ocean had more seaweed then I have seen at other areas. But it was still beautiful. The maid (the poor poor maid) was great!!! If you have children, you understand what kind of distress your room will look like. The rooms were OK, the served there purpose (the juior suites at the Sun Palace, Cancun were alot better). It is a very large resort, so pack up to head to the beach. The grounds were well maintened. The entertainment was very weak. It was basicly someone singing and dancing every night. We did have a great trip, it was perfect for slowing down and relaxing. The kayaking in the ocean was great!!!! No jetsking.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible beach, smaller pool then expected Very, very nice resort! The beach was unbelievable, but the pools were not nearly as large as i had expected. You need to take face cloths and clocks with you, and you need to get up early in order to get a good seat by the pool, but the food and drinks were great, the accomodations were pretty, the gardens were so intricate and beautifully kept. If you are travelling to Manati Park to swim with the dolphins, take a Gravol before the bus ride (it's really bumpy), and you have to take a 30 minute walk to the outside of the resort gates to be picked up for the trip. Check out the theatre at night because it is such a cool place and the shows are fun and really upbeat. I had a very, very nice and relaxing time!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! It was GREAT, I loved it!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 - star This was our first time to Punta Cana, and we stayed at the Riu Bambu. This hotel was listed as a 5-star , however we found it to be a 4- star. Our room did not have plugs that were working and in order to use a blow dryer we needed to unplug the T.V. They said that we would have a blow dryer and we did not. We also found that there weren't any kleenex in the room. On the bright side the rooms were clean. Everything else in the room worked great. The food that was served everyday was very good and the wait staff in the dining room was great. The pools were not so great. The first pool had only ladders to get in and out, and this proved to be very difficult for anyone who was older and incapable of climbing in or out. There was some steps, however they were constantly surrounded by children or adults who were smoking and it made it very difficult for anyone to enjoy. The other pool also had only ladders to step in and out and once you were in you had to watch for the scuba diving lessons. The entertainment staff were not as friendly and they only spoke to selective people. At times I found them to be rude. We were there for 1 week, from Aug.2 - Aug 9, 2003. I am a great fan of the riu hotels and have stayed as a guest in Mexico Riu hotels, and have found the ones in Mexico much better. I don't think I will ever go back to Punta Cana again, I think I will only vacation in Mexico. Oh, by the way watch how they charge you for different things. The front desk would not let us pay our phone bill the night before we left and when we paid the next morning , they charged double on some of the calls. The boutiques in the hotel would not take American coins only bills. The sunquest representative on the bus going to the airport wanted to look at everyone's passport and when I asked why? he did not have answer. An enjoyable vacation, however very different policys than Riu's in Mexico. I don't understand that.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was excellent... Hello people. Guess what? This place was amazing!!! GO HERE! The food was phenominal, the service was great, and the staff were friendly. Riu Bambu is excellent for people of all ages. I totally recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the time of our lives! We just returned last Wednesday, July 23rd from Riu Bambu in Punta Cana. While I knew before hand that it was not a 5 star hotel, I was told that it is the best Riu hotel in the Riu complex of 5 hotels. That was very true - in fact the guests from the Riu Palace (much more $$) spent more time at our resort than their own due to the fact there was more to do, more shows, etc. at our resort. We had the best time there and have already stayed at a 6 star in Mexico. The Riu does a wonderful job in ensuring your comfort and happiness the whole time you are there. While our room was the furthest from the main lobby, we were persistent and succeeded in moving to the FIRST villa by the lobby by the next morning. That was wonderful! The Scuba Caribe water team were wonderful and their prices were less than Apple Tours tour prices - by enough to cover an additional trip - the Sunset Cruise/snorkel trip. That was $25.00 per person and the best time we had the whole week!!!!!! We went deep sea fishing - also an awesome time - our boat caught a 40+ lb. yellow fin tuna - which was quite a prize for the team that ran the trip. The horseback riding was not recommended by my husband and other couple (I did not go). Their truck broke down in a bad area (ran out of gas!) and the driver had to leave the people (14 of them) alone to go get gas. Besides that, two horses were uncontrollable and my friends nearly got badly injured. The staff at the swim-up bar were fun and attentive - try the Coco Loco drink (inside a real coconut) - it tasted like chocolate milk! There is a wonderful whirlpool off one side of the pool that is the same temperature as the water so not too hot - and very relaxing. We found it inconvenient that we had to pick the same dinner time each night (and were assigned a table). Some days you were hungry earlier than others! If you are not comfortable bringing your children around topless bathers, beware -they are everywhere! It is not allowed in the pool area, but nobody listens.Tipping was not necessary - especially when trying to switch your room. We paid cash to get a better room and the clerk forgot. Make sure you speak to a manager and get their name (there are different managers day and night).The food was excellent - enough variety to keep us placated until we got home. There was pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, seafood, pasta (lots of alfredo which was excellent). Each night they celebrated a different ethnic group with the food - caribbean night, Mexican night, etc.We stopped at the Riu Palace Casino - not big by any means, but nice and cool. Punta Cana was extremely HUMID - but we had beautiful blue skies and sun all 8 days we were there! The coolest place to go is the beach - day or night.The water is green and beautiful - navy blue out further in the sea. Gorgeous resort......The rooms were adequate - not 5 star, perhaps 3 or 4 - but we were seldom in them!Hope you have a great trip! I will return some day! Any questions, feel free to email me any time.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boymomthree
<Content>Don't play Caribbean Keno! My husband and I spent a week (June 23rd to June 29th) at Riu Bambu and had an excellent time - that is until our third night and we ventured into the casino at one of the other Riu properties. The hostesses usher you in with a free token to play Caribbean Keno with no obligation to continue playing. The problem is that the rules are not all explained at the beginning. YOu will get hooked and it is almost impossible to win unless you have several thousand dollars to gamble. I felt very misled. At any rate, don't let the dealer make you think you have a chance in hell to win that game because you don't.Besides this, we enjoyed the beach and the bars. Make sure you ask for Wellington (one of the on site managers) and have Luis Manuel make ALL of your drinks. The banana daiquiri was the best but you have to make sure the bartenders put rum in the drink and not vodka.All in all, it was fun, but I imagined an all inclusive resort to be a little more special or pampering. I would have liked to have drink service on the beach as it was a pain to keep getting up to go get drinks.THe fruits and juices were exquisite and the Mediterranean and Steakhouse served delicious food and the service was impeccable. THe Colonial restaurant was good for breakfast, but for you fellow Americans, the lunch and dinner food at the Colonial was a little weird.I don't care what you Europeans say about us prudish Americans. The fact is, seeing naked people on the beach is very weird to us. Sorry. Be prepared for the topless women and speedo wearing men. Oh yeah! And what about the men wearing capri pants!? Haha. That was hilarious.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip........ Just arrived back this week from Riu Bambu, and my boyfriend and I thought the place was great. We found the staff to be outstanding, and super friendly throughout the hotel, especially at the pool bar. You won't feel obligated to tip them but they do appreciate it and will take good care of you all week if you give them a little tip here and there. What we found interesting unlike many other places we have traveled in the carribean and mexico is that we felt very safe there. No one would bother you and we would misplace things everyday and the staff would hold on to it and give it back when they saw us next. With regards to the entertainment, there is always something to do around the resort if you are not the type of person to want to take different tours. Beware of the bar on carribean street though. Fun for all but some of the people there are very frisky. If you are looking for a deal on money exchange and day trips some people told us to take the minibus to bavaro plaza and you can find cheaper tours and better money exchange then at the hotel. The markets there were okay too....don't pay more then $20 for cigars and buy coffee if you like coffee because its great. The rooms and the grounds were kept very clean. After reading some of the reviews before we left we e-mailed the hotel and asked to get a room around building 5 or 19 because the a situated close enough to everything but not so close that you always hear the entertaiment and music. The food was good for a buffet but no there wasn't much seafood on the menus. Try all the restaurants if you go, even at the other hotels or on carribean street, but just don't eat everything at once in case it is on the menu again later in the week. Some of the staff gave us a heads up and told us not to eat too much fresh vegetables because parasites can be found in the soil they are grown in!!(the cooked ones were ok and tasty too) as for the water, don't drink the tap water and hide your fresh water they give you everyother day so that you get a new one. We always kept one in the bathroom to brush our teeth with. We never got sick while we were there though. Of the five hotels we would say pick bambu or the palace next door. Go looking for a good time and lots of relaxation and you shouldn't be disappointed!!!!We had a blast!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John_Toronto_8
<Content>A Solid Resort, but not 5 Star The Riu Bambu is a good resort, but not a 5 star! My travel agent was right when she said, knock one star from all ratings in the islands and it will be closer to North American standards. It's a solid 3.5 - 4 star. We were at the Riu from July 7 - 14, 2003. The Bambu can be summarized best as follows:1. Beach - Beautiful, you will love it. Goes for miles, water is clean, plenty of shade from the palm trees when you need a break from the sun. Get to the beach early though, or all the lounge chairs and shady spots will be gone! Some sea weed when we were there. We did speak to some people who said that the beach in Varadero Cuba was cleaner and nicer.2. Staff - The Staff are great. Just ask and you will receive. Very friendly and helpful. Will help to know some Spanish, because few speak English. Being of Italian heritage, I found myself speaking Italian to the Staff.3. Pools: Pools are great, water is clean, swim up bars are also great. Again though, not enough lounge chairs around the pool. If a chair comes free, it is scooped up in seconds! Get there early or you will be out of luck. People claim the chairs by throwing their towels on them and keeping them there all day.4. The Resort / Rooms: The resort is very clean, lush, and well maintained. The rooms are nice. We found the beds to be uncomfortable, but that is a personal thing. A 5 minute phone call back to Canada was $2.00 U.S. Showers are great .. always had hot/cold water. We spoke to many people who said they had these tiny little ants in their rooms. Also, when it rains, these flying ants appear, a number of which made it into our room. We had to call the maid service to get them cleaned out.5. Food: This is where things went sour for us. The food was plentiful, lots of variety and tasted great, however we all got sick .. both ways! At first we thought it was just us, but we met a group of 22 people, all of whom got sick as well. We also met people who stayed at the Riu Palace next door, same thing. On the way back to the airport, everyone, and I mean everyone .. was talking about it. I don't know if it was a bad week or what, but I highly suggest you bring your medications (you know which ones!).Also, if you enjoy your breaky, make sure you are up by 10:00 and eat at the Colonial, otherwise you have to eat at Mamajuana, where the idea of breaky is cold cuts, cheeses and a croissant.Try the Steakhouse, it is pretty good and a diversion from the buffet. We tried the Mediterranean Restaurant .. could take it or leave it... average at best.6. Entertainment: Sorry, but it was lame and cheezy. We watched three Super Shows as they call them and left early each time. To give you and idea, they had different themes (one night Academy Awards, other night Pop Stars) where a bunch of performers lip-sinked their way through popular songs. No live singers. All the performers were Dominican, so just imagine a Dominican Celine Dion singing the Titanic Song, or John Travolta  Olivia Newton John from Grease. It was lame! In addition, the host is particularly annoying (for those who have been there .. I love my job .. you know who I mean!) and each show was introduced in five different languages. Just the introductions took 15 minutes.7. Punta Cana Airport: Its not enclosed, so get ready to breathe in the jet fuel while waiting for your departure. Its a high before you go!Overall, this is a good, solid resort and would recommend it. Bring those medications! However, to suggest it is a five star, don't think so! Those people who rate this resort 5 star, have never been to a real five star. Either that or they were on their honeymoon (lots of those) or with their boy/girl friends on their first trip together (lots of those too) and the 5 star rating was attributable to other factors. This is a good 3.5-4 star at best. You will have a good time. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value but................ 5 stars Nah. 3.5 is nearer the mark. It a hotel / complex that whilst it tries hard perhaps tries a little too hard. For those wanting water aerobics in the pool at the same time everyday with the same music everyday its fine. For those looking for pure relaxation and a get away from style break I think id try elsewhere.The beach is great the water clear and there always seems to be enough space to and shade to suit all tastes.The food depending on the length of your stay can be good. We spent two weeks there but in the 2nd week found all the food to be exactly the same as the first. We had rather hoped for some exciting seafood but were generally disappointed on that front. We both found ourselves being ill during our two week break. myself consistently and my girlfriend was bed ridden for two days towards the end of the 2nd week.Overall a good break but not great. When you look at the cost vs. what you get its excellant value. Personally next time Id prefer to spend a bit more and get something special!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise=) I don't know where to start the setting is paridise the food is lush and the people are friendly. I couldn't find a fault with the hotel and its staff. The excursions are definatly worth a look especially the catermaran (but take the suncream!!!) I shall definatly be returning!!!!!.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Spot and Night Life This is a great family spot, my children really enjoyed the pool, activities and shows. The food variety was very satisfying and you also have the option of booking the steak restauraunt which was good. My only complaint was that the beer sucked and on the drink list it says they serve another type which I believe was Presidente which is a decent beer but the one they had tasted like it came from a rusty tin can man! I don't know how we Canadian and Germans put up with this Scheisse bier, mench!!! If you want a stronger drink just ASK, or go to Jamaica mun!The great thing is that if you want to party there are other bars at the other Hotels which are opened later for the party crowd. I really enjoyed the beach and water activities. There are some great little quiet spots off the pool side if you want to read out of the wind on a windy day. Pretty much everything I liked has been covered.It's funny reading all the comments about the europeans in speedos and topless, wake up man the american culture is way behind and far to reserved and if you are of european decent you will understand that this is the norm in europe! You know you can never please everyone and what gets me is the people who are never pleased, just because you want to be at the best resort and are not, perhaps one day you will be able to afford it and then someone will care! And if you don't like the tiled flooring why don't you put doors all over the hotel to stop the rain from coming in during a storm, carpets would get drenched and mouldy and stink and then you'd really hate it!Hummell Hummell, Moin!!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! i really dont understand most peaples complaints!i mean if ya go to a dominican hotel your conna eat dominican food!also DO NOT WORRIE ABOUT WATER ONLY TAP WATER IS DANGEROUS!watever the case is if you get sick it will be only for a day or two!the food is completely safe they wash it in filtered water!the staff is exellent and always trying their best!they activities are great!i really recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What they say about the riu in some reviews is total loes Honestly, I can not believe what some people say about the Riu Bambu. I have been there 9 times in the last year and a half and the place issimply gorgeous. Some people say they don't tip...well you should! They do not may 50 a month that in in Cuba. They make about 250.00 - 400.00 Canadian. The food is more designed for Europeans, because the majority of the tourist are..Europeans. The lush vegitation, great food of all sorts at there. There pool has a small jaccuzi in it. They have 3 bars (La Plaza) (Mamajuana) (the pool bar) You can sit in the pool to drink. Also they have a wonderful outfoor and indoor playground for children from 9-12 and then from 3-5 I believe. The beaches are clean, the staff are so sweet and will go out of thier way for you. If you need something from reception you call and you will get it. The medical services are excellent. Cindy the Sunquest rep is always at the hotel day and night. If you have a question she is in the Office in the day and at the Nightly enterainment nightly. She is from Toronto and now lives there working. The men are fantastic! As I should know, I married one. So you know, Dominicans in general are all full of positive enery and they really do apprieciate the tips $$. They say in your all inclusive package that tips are included, well that's Bull. The hotel gets the tips the staff don't, so when you go there please remember, they enjoy T-shirts, CD's, Tips $$, Cream, soap, toothpaste..etc all the basic stuff we take for granted. I would also like to add that I have also stayed at the Grand Paradise, Occediental Gran Flamenco, Riu Bambu, Iberostar and a few other's. If you have any questions regarding this please feel free to contact me via e/mail.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful time and plan to return My wife and I spent 5 great days (3/30-4/3/03) at the RIU Bambu and will definitely return. We got a great package deal leaving from Baltimore. The resort has just about everything you could want and is located next to the other RIU hotels which, other than for the RIU Palace, we could eat/drink at and enjoy their amenities. We found however, that we really liked the Bambu best.The beach was one of the nicest I've seen (including some of those in Hawaii and Cancun). Loved the palm trees on the beach which enables you to get out of the sun but still enjoy the scenery. The pools were fantastic with their swim up bar and all around the pool area are palapas (thatched huts) with lounge chairs to get out of the sun.Staff was very pleasant and helpful although most don't speak english. Buffet meals were pretty good but most of the servers who cleared the tables were't very interested in the guests and not at all cordial; however, the full table service restaurant (which we recommend) was excellent and the waiters very friendly. We believe in leaving tips (though not required) for good service, so the bartenders, maid, full service waiters, matre'd and some others were tipped on a routine basis.Americans appeared to be in the minority at this resort so there were lots of people smoking. We were thankful that smoking is not permitted in the restaurants.Be prepared for bare breasted women and men in speedos at the beach. Unfortunately most of the topless women and men wearing speedos should have worn a tarp since, in our opinion they were in no shape to share their assets with the rest of us..but it was entertaining!:)Room was very nice but not lavish. Small refrigerator in room had no ice (probably because you're not supposed to drink the water) and no wash cloths are provided. Other than for those minor inconveniences the resort and the weather was great.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel my wife  i are planning a trip to the  bambu on may 31 , for the sixth time. it is the best value for the dollar. the people  staff are great,  will do anything to make your stay the best. the food is agood variety, the refreshments are the best. [ e.g. the rum] the shopping is a lot of fun and you never pay full price. all in all i would rate the bambu a nine star.  
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Riu Bambu Just returned from the Riu Bambu. Our Family of 4 (including 2 children) had a wonderful time. The Hotel gounds are very lush with tropical palms. The hotel itself is immaculately clean. The staff go out their way to be courteous. They appreciate when you initiate a simple Hello. The Beach is as good as you will find anywhere in the world. Populated with more Coconut Palm trees than you can imagine. Looks like something from the South Pacific. The Beach stretches endlessly. All those other hotels in the brochures for Punta Cana will have the same beach. Enough shade or sun for your liking. Pool is also a popular place. Kids as well as adults love the Swim up Bar. Food is plentiful. Enough variety of vegetables, meat and other trimmings to keep everyone pleased. No one got sick that we were aware of. We fell in love with the Passion Fruit offered daily. Helps to coat your stomach with a tablet of Pepto Bismol in the morning because you will eat more than you do at home. Kids entertainment was loved by all. We have been to many Carribean destinations and we highly recommend this one.  
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>feels like paradise on earth I stayed with a friend at the Riu bambu hotel during the first weeks of may. We had a warm welcome which was accompanied by a welcoming drink. The rooms were excellent, mini bar was taken care of nearly every day, rooms very clean, nice staff, excellent food, beach clean, nice carribean atmosphere, shortly 100% to recommended !  
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 Weeks of Fun in the Sun! Hello my fellow Sun Go-ers! My boyfriend and I travelled to the Bambu March 31-April 14. We had an amazing trip. We arrived around lunch hour and were worried we'd have to wait for our room...Not to worry we were greeted with delicious juice and checked in right away! The room was perfect. In the mini bar: A jug of water, 4 of each beverage: beer, Cola, Cola Light, club soda, tonic water. Bottles of liquor in room: Brandy, Light Rum, Dark Rum and Gin. They restock the beverages every two days. We would always leave the man who stocked our drinks a few pesos or a US dollar or two - and a couple times he would leave extra beer/colas for us. Suggestions to make your trip more comfy: You may want to bring wash cloths (only bath, beach  hand towels are supplied) and a travel alarm. Also we happened to purchase those squeeze water bottles at the airport in Toronto. These came in handy as we would refill the squeeze bottles with the supplied jug of water and it made brushing your teeth so much easier than using a glass. It's sounds stupid but you'll be thankful for this silly tip. The pool was huge, with a lagoon type sitting area off to the side. The swim up bar was great for meeting other interesting people. A drink to suggest: ask the bartender to make you an Especiale Good it's fruity fantastic. The beach was incredible, white sand, aqua blue water. What surprised us the most was the lush tropical gardens and palm trees. Great for afternoon shade while you nap away your hangover. The buffet was a bit strange. For example: corn on pizza?! or hot dogs fried with onions?! But I kept reminding myself this is not Canada or the US they don't have the food options we have. Also the resort has to cater to all cultures food preferences. You will probably end up finding the items you like and sticking with it. Another tip: don't each too much fruit at breakfast. It is so fresh and delicious but it can make you ill for a day. Eat the fruit in small portions and you'll be fine. The specialty resy served HUGE portions. We went on three day excursions. First we opted for the Kontiki boat trip. It was a blast. You party on the boat, then snorkel and then party on the boat home. It was fun for all ages (maybe not children though). We also went for the 3 hour bus ride to Santo Domingo (the capital) It was very interesting to learn the history of the Dominican people. The highlights: we stood on the very first street of the new world, saw Christopher Columbus' resting place, toured Diego Columbus ancient home and ate at a real Dominican restaurant. The final day excursion we took was the James Bond tour. You are provided with a two person speed boat for a 30 minute ride to a raft. On the raft you are supplied with beverages and an hour of snorkelling. After the snorkelling we boated back - our only complaint was our boat stalled 4 times. But the trip guide was right behind us to help us out. Another Tip: You will see little children during your travels - bring a bag of wrapped candy (we had tootsie roll pops)or even pick up small toys, crayons and colouring books etc at the Dollar Store. When you see the smiles on their faces you'll be glad you did! I know there were other excursions available that stopped at the local schools. These schools are in dire need of stationary supplies. The schools are greatful of any donations. If you choose the Riu Bambu I hope you have a wonderful and relaxing vacation. We sure did.  
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>European point of view - great club !!! After having read all the reviews of you Northern Americans, I would like to add something from a more European point of view. I had the pleasure to stay at this hotel for 2 weeks in November 2002 and I must say that I felt that there was not much that could be improved. Great beach, very friendly staff, super clean, delicious drinks, lots of perfect animation. I did not feel the beds to be too hard; guys, it is unhealthy to sleep on matresses that are too soft !!! Admittedly the floors are all made of stone and therefore a bit noisy at nighttime, but that also depends on the location of your rooms. Take rooms in the first floor ! The food was good; ok, they didn't serve lobster daily, but e.g. shrimps, but would you want to have lobster every day and would you really go to a club like this for a gourmet vacation ? What is always the most important for me is that they make an effort, and that is what the directors of the hotel (two beautiful ladies, one from Spain and one from Germany) really do. Always imagine that you are in a country having been one of the most brutal dictatorships until not terribly long ago ! Nice place, I would always strongly recommend it. :-) M.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little disappointed My fiancee and I were very disappointed with this resort, we travel quite a bit and we felt the Riu Bambu was not even close to a 5 star. When we first arrived at 11:30am there was very little reception, we were handed our room key and sent off only to find that our room faced the reception area. We had asked for a more private area in advance and were assured that we would get it. We finally did get a different room after a bit of a battle. The fridge in the room was not working properly, so the beer and pop we were promised was warm all week, the rooms didn't get cleaned until very late in the afternoon, so forget about an afternoon nap or anything else...if you know what i mean. The beds were very hard and the pillows were about the size of a sugar pack. Remember this is supposed to be 5 star. The food was okay the first day, after that it all tasted the same...VERY BORING. The staff were friendly, but nobody speaks english. The one good thing about the resort is the beach, it is beautiful and there is very good security. One last thing, our checkout time was 12 noon but our bus wasn't picking us up until 6:30pm., you would think that with the money we dished out for a so called 5 star resort they would have made some sort of arrangements for us for the six and a half hours in between. We will NEVER return to the Riu Bambu.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing 3 day vacation We had a really nice 3 days. The RIU Bambu was a beautiful place. The beach was wonderful. Didn't have a problem finding lounge chairs on the beach -even when we didn't go out until noon. Lots of palm trees for shade. Water was slightly chilly - but still warm enough to stay in all day. Met someone there who said she works for a doctor. He advised to take a Pepto Bismol tablet in the morning and in the evening. It's supposed to contain something that fights bacteria in the food. We did this and used bottled water to brush our teeth. We didn't get sick at all. Beds were hard. Sound carries in the motel units. Electrical appliances need a non-polarized plug (both prongs are the same size). The receptacles are recessed. The front desk has adaptors for this, but not for the polarized plugs. Rooms don't have:clocks, wash cloths, or paper  pen. We were happy with the buffet. Staff were friendly. All-inclusive was nice. In general, we really enjoyed the trip.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach, baby-friendly staff! We went with our 6 month old for a week in mid-Feb. and we just had an awesome time. This is one of the best vacations we've ever had. The staff at the Riu Bambu was wonderful and very baby-friendly. They arranged a crib, high-chair etc. The food was very diverse, european style, yummi selection of fruit and batidos. The beach is beautiful, very clean and nice palm trees. You can also take a nice walk along the beach and see the other resorts. We highly recommended the RIU BAMBU!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tftynan
<Content>Send some 'Mama Juana' Had a great time...DONT drink the water..I don't know why , they say don't and I believe them! It does take some time to get used to the 300lb. men and the speedo's..but it actuall gets funny (you WANT to say something!). Food was good, nothing so wild but some variations. If you want to hit the disco bring pesos 'cause they 'cheat' the exchange rate. (i should have known?) Rum is cheaper than water..so drink rum. You'll have more fun if you open up and talk with the strangers there are ALOT of different nations there some can be real partiers. And trinkets to bring back are poor at best so take LOTS of pix. Most of the stuff is overpriced even if you haggle with the locals. I've seen on other sites...151 proof rum will be confiscated when you get to the states...Look around for other reviews I don't KNOW this but I DID see it written...In a nut shell..I'm telling ALL my friends to go. I hope you have fun too!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic...travelled with young child there Our family stayed at the Riu Bambu from March 24 to 31st. We have one 3 year old son and he loved every minute of the vacation! To start off, our flight was on-time. The arrival went smoothly. Beer on the bus was by request ($2 US as the driver stopped before exiting the airport). Presidente is the local brand. Checking in was very organized. We had emailed the Bambu prior to our vacation and managed to get a great room in a building closest to everything. The resort is huge so if you have children you may want everything more accessible. There was a bit of a musty smell in the room (typical of the tropics) and we brought stick-up air fresheners which helped. There weren't too many kids at the resort - maybe 20 in total but during the day you rarely see them except for at mealtime. The kids club is very good. We didn't leave our son there (very little english was spoken there) since he was so young. Kids that were slightly older enjoyed their time at the club while the parents went off to enjoy the beach/pool. The people that ran the kids club were great. Warm and friendly but the activities were minimal. There was a wading pool and a playground and an indoor airconditioned area that they could do arts  crafts and watch some kids shows. Carolina is a real sweet young lady who works long hours as one of the animacion team members. Watch out for Super Pedro in his neon-green outfit. He scours the beach/pool for willing participants for various games and dancing. He's hilarious. Mealtimes were great. The selection of food was fantastic and never bland. Saturday night was Dominican local fare and it was a real feast. The cooks/waitstaff/management really seem to take particular pride in this evening. The staff all around were professional and courteous. They were always around to greet us and give hi-5s to our son. We all ate everything - except for salads and the meatcheese trays. We drank the water. We had their coffee. We found there was enough variety at the main restaurant The Cop; Mediterranean restaurant. And we didn't get sick. Having said that, we did meet some people at the end of the trip who did not eat anything for fear of the food  water. Why go to an all-inclusive then? We've been to other all-inclusives (Cuba, Cancun) and this one definitely was the best for food. The beach was beautiful but you've got to get out at the crack of dawn to reserve your lounge chairs under choice palm trees. The sun is very hot but there's a nice breeze at the ocean that makes everything even nicer. True the European women mostly go topless and the men wear speedos but SO WHAT? We didn't feel uncomfortable in anyway. We didn't venture off the resort on any excursions but did hear from others that the Barcelo Runner excursion was interesting. As for shopping, anything that is made on the island is cheap (artwork in particular-but bargain with them) but anything that is imported is expensive (e.g. chocolate/chips) so bring some from home. Don't drink the tap water. Each room is supplied with a jug of purified water for drinking and brushing teeth. Bring your own toiletries because the ones you get aren't great. I found my travel size hair dryer worked there. Tip the people when you can. They generally make $40-$50 a week. Especially the guy that cleans up after you at mealtimes. At the end of our trip we gave our waiter $5 US. Apparently, if you tip, do so under $10 otherwise they have to declare it with management. The resort is lush with palm trees and the odd banana tree. If you pass by the man who chops down the coconuts he'll more than likely offer you a fresh drink from one. It's great! The evenings had entertainment but if you're travelling with young kids you may want to try and tucker-out the little ones at the mini-disco. They learn the local children dances - really cute! There weren't many bugs but I got bites at night...although my husband and son didn't get any! Go figure! I wore insect repellent and it didn't help. There also was the odd little gecko running around but that was iiu Bambu is only 4 years old and Punta Cana itself is 10 years old in the tourism trade. It was truly a beautiful and relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wish I was there right now! I had an AMAZING time at the Riu Bambu, I came back on the 17th of March and I still want to be there right now. The food is great, everything is very clean, there is always something to do and most of all the staff is AMAZING as well! They have a big affect on your stay, getting you involved in activities constantly, and I've never gotten so many compliments before in my life!!!! I love it there and I'm hoping to return really really soon!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The god the bad and the ugly The good: The beach was great the staff were very friendly, the resort was in pretty good shape. Theer is always something going on yoga, volleyball etc. If you want peace and quite find a secluded place on the beach. The bad: The food was so-so, the meals were all the same with just a main dish changes for the buffet and lunch. Suggest trying the a couple of evening buffets then eating at the steak house for a sit down dinners. The late night snack is always hamburgers and hot dogs and fries. I also suggest you brush up on your spanish, very few speak english, you will miss anouncements for activities etc. The ugly: this resort caters to european this means both men and women wear as little as possible, alot of topless on the beach and by the pool. Before you get excited most of them are older and lets say things sag quite a bit. The men like to wear speedo's or thongs, with the same reaction imagine a 230 pound man in a thong and you get my point. The few that should be wearing such clothes are few and far between. My wife did get sick from the food and she was trying to watch what she ate. Most of all don't drink the water we even brushed our teeth with bottled water. So if you can speak spanish and don't mind repetative food and lots of european people to socialize with then this is the resort for you. Tip the waiters and maid and you will get better service and maybe some extra's. The beds are hard and pillows very thin. Ask for extra pillows when you arrive.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best 8 days I have ever had! The Riu Bambu was a beautiful hotel with an excellent staff. Everyone was so freindly and helpful. The beach was gorgeous and I couldn't ask for better weather ( 8 days with temperture in the mid 80's and sunny all day). I have only been home for 1 day and I already miss it terribly. It's all inclusive which included drinks, food, entertainment, water sports, etc. I couldn't have asked for a better vacation!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most beautiful beach i've been We went to the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana March 3 2003. We had read some negatives about this resort, but were very suprised that this was such a beautiful, well organized resort. The beach is one of the most clean, well groomed beach I have been on, and I have been to many! Lots of sun, but also lots of shadey palms for those who just want to stay out of the sun. Staff was excellent, seems the most friendly of anywhere we have been. Our room was great, beautifully cleaned everyday. The pool very warm and lovely, the staff at the swim up bar were terrific! This beach is very large, and if you want to just kick back, read a book, ect... there is a hugh area just beyound the beach that is all sand, lounges, and massive palm trees so that even if it rained, you would not get wet. The weather was perfect every single day. The food was good, although my only complaint would be the beef is tough compared to beef i've had on other Islands. Not much seafood other than mussels. This resort seems to cater to every nationality in the world, foods that everyone can eat. If you cannot enjoy yourself at this resort, then something is terribly wrong with you!The staff is more than willing to accomodate you with everything, and you do not need an english/spanish book, most staff speak some english, and if they don't, you can communicate with smiles and justures! the staff at the desk all speak english. I would go there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toemayn
<Content>very nice resort,abit too much wind on the beach and no lobster       The liquior dispenser  
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jomicoWaterdown
<Content>beautiful beach We just returned from Punta Cana on Feb 22/03. We stayed at the Riu Bambu and it was a beautiful resort. The only 2 complaints we have are that the food got boring by the end of the week. The main dining room was buffet style and almost cafeteria like in atmosphere. It would have been nice to be able to order a bottle of wine with dinner but all the beer and wine comes out of a keg and is quite nasty in taste. The only other place to dine offered the same menu with only a few choices of dishes each night. Breakfast was always good and had the usual goodies on the buffet eggs, bacon, french toast etc.....We are big coffee drinkers and have to say that the coffee wasn't bad. The other complaint is the beds....ever slept on a concrete floor? the beds are thin, hard and flat and so are the pillows. We woke up aching every morning. The rooms was kept spotless everyday by our maid and we left her a few$$ on the bed the first day with note asking her for some extra towels, an extra bottle of water and a few extra beers in the fridge. When we returned to the room we had everything we asked for. (we wrote the note in spanish because they don't speak english). A pocket spanish dictionary would be handy. Other than the food and the bed (which is a minor thing). We had a wonderful relaxing holiday. There isn't much to do at night and there isn't much shopping other than the usual t-shirt souvineer kind of junk. I actully came home with almost all the $$ I brought. We did one day excursion. Kon Tiki boat....it was fun but not worth the $$. We me several people who did the swim with the sharks and said it was great! Bring lots of sun lotion. They sell it for aprx. $20.00us a bottle. Also bring one of those big plastic coffee cups to put your cold drinks in to take to the beach. The bar serves drinks in small plastic cups and is a little walk to the beach. Note to all who are booking with Sunquest! We were informed the day before we were to leave that the Riu was over booked and we were being bumped to another hotel that was a 3 star and that Sunquest was offereing us 100.00 each refund.......nice try. I spent the day before I left at my travel agency furiously arguing with Sunquest who were rude and no help what so ever! They basically said too bad take it or leave it. I proceeded to go home and email the Riu to see what was going on. They responed right away and said they had no idea where Sunquest got this info and that they in fact were not overbooked and they were showing us booking in the next day. I couldn't believe what was going on..we felt like we were being scammed by Sunquest. Anyway....we ended up at the Riu and loved it. If you are told you are bumped from your hotel I suggest you check it out personally with the hotel if you can. Have a great holiday where ever you choose to go!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic...Exceeded Our Expectations!! couldn't get enough of other people's reviews before going down, because they were so useful, so I'm giving back everything I have. We have just returned from spending 1 week (Feb. 14-21) at the Riu Bambu. Like many others, I have read excellent and not so excellent reviews about Riu Bambu and was concerned about our choice prior to leaving. We decided that expectations and attitude were going to be a major factor in whether we enjoyed ourselves or not, so we went to the Bambu with an open mind and I am glad that we did. The Riu Bambu surpassed most, if not all of our expectations. You will not find a photo in travel brochures or on the net that will do the Riu Bambu justice (I challenged myself to take pictures which would do the place justice so we'll see after I scan in the digital photos and have the films developed from our 35 mm). The main lobby is breathtaking with its beautiful arrangements, fabulously tiled floors, chandeliers, etc. Off the lobby is a corridor with awesome tiled floors also, tables and chairs that you could relax in, play a game, etc. On the right hand side of the corridor are shops and on the left hand side you look out at the Plaza Bar and the entertainment area. The grounds are truly spectacular!! There are always gardeners working on the grounds and they are spotless. Right up until the day we left, I was in awe of the palm trees and the lushness of the property. There were palm trees in every direction you looked. The beach was fantastic!!!! If you don't like this beach, you should stop going south. The sand was white powder and went on as far as the eyes could see. The beach was fairly deep so there was a lot of space to lie out in between the boardwalk and the ocean. There is a palm tree forest along the beach which not only adds to the beauty, but provides shade when needed. The trees also created little areas to sit or layout in so that it didn't feel like it is a big stretch of sand and everyone is on top of each other. Many people saved chairs by putting their towels on them. You can do this if you wish and you may not have any problems, but one day we went down to the beach and our chairs and towels were gone. We were given new towels without any hassle, so it wasn't a huge deal and we always managed to find a good spot on the beach. The staff at the Riu Bambu, for the most part, are wonderful!! Our stay seemed longer than a week and I think the fact that we became so familiar with the staff and they with us, made it feel like we had been there for a long time. Cindy, the Sunquest Tour Director, is one amazing lady! She made us feel at home very quickly. We arrived late in the evening and felt a little uncomfortable as it was our first time in Punta Cana. I had read other people's comments about Cindy so as soon as I saw Sunquest on her clip board, I walked up to her and asked if she was Cindy. She gave us a warm greeting and was very helpful. We acclimatized very quickly after that as we felt that there was someone who we could go to with questions, concerns and information. Cindy can be found in the lobby in the morning and then again in the afternoon/evening. She is a lot of fun and is an abundance of information. As you may have read in other reviews, Cindy does like magazines, so feel free to bring her some. She is from the Toronto area so she is grateful for a touch of home. The bartenders are great!! Our favourites were Carlos M. and Juan Silva. If you go, tell them that Jim and Rob from Toronto sent you and ask for a dirty monkey. I introduced them to this drink which is pina colada mix, rum, kalua, banana and a little bit of brandy. They were more than anxious to make it for us and to our liking. It was great to go to one of the bars every night and have someone recognize you and know what you like to drink. We had a lot of laughs with Carlos and Juan and they will forever be part of my memory of the Bambu. We didn't worry about premium liquor as we are not liquor experts and how much can you taste the rum in a strawberry daiquiri? Every evening as you entered the dining room, you were greeted by managers and directors which was pretty classy. Throughout your meal, staff including managers and directors would walk by and say buenos noches and bon appetite. Even though the resort is huge, you still felt that you were acknowledged by the staff giving more of that intimate feeling. I had asked for a room in building 19 or 20 on the second floor. The front desk staff accommodated us very nicely! They gave us room 1909 which is a second floor room, on the corner of building 19. We would highly recommend this room as it is very, very central and also very quiet. Plus it is on a direct route to the beach. The room itself was very nice...nicer than I had expected. As a previous reviewer stated, the beds are hard. The pillows are flat and hard as well. Perhaps it was the tropical air or maybe the rum, but after the first night, I had no trouble sleeping at all. You might want to bring some Advil though - Rob had a much harder time with his bed than I did, but I guess this has a lot to do with the firmness of the mattress you like to sleep on. Despite previous reviews that indicated that the rooms are dirty and one that said that she didn't think they changed the sheets every night, this was not our experience. Our room was always spotless and we always had clean sheets. I'm not sure if it had anything to do with the fact that our housekeeper was well compensated or not. Even though you are not required to tip, these people make roughly $200 per month and work minimum 12 hours a day and often 12 days straight before they get three days off. A $1.00 or $2.00 tip means a lot to them and really isn't much to us. We brought shampoo, body washes ($8US in the stores there!), cosmetics, nylons, colouring books and crayons, etc. and left them on the pillow each day with a $2.00 tip. Some might think that this was excessive, but we felt very good about making such a difference by doing so little. NOTE: They are supposed to be in the process of changing this, but currently they give you your safe key without a fob or key chain. This makes it very easy to lose and it costs $30 US for them to put in a new lock...don't ask me how I know. If the key is loose, I would put it on one of the keychains for the room key. We tipped the bartenders and made a point of tipping grounds staff who were working very hard and very seldom get anything from people. On our way to the beach we saw a guy sweeping sand off the boardwalk...not a pleasant job I would imagine. We gave him $2.00 and he was so incredibly grateful it almost brought tears to my eyes. On a daily basis, I deal with people who are never happy and take things for granted. Making him so happy was really a special thing and makes you realize how much we take for granted. We ate most of our meals in the dining room. There was always plenty of food and lots of variety! For the most part, we thought the food was pretty good. There was always something we liked and often something we really liked. I do have to say that by the end of the week we were tired of the food, more because we are not used to eating all that rich food everyday. At one point, I was craving fruit loops and a peanut butter and jam sandwich. I would bring snacks with you from home for your room -we brought Pringles (very expensive in the lobby!) and chocolate bars. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. We didn't take any tours as we found plenty to do on the resort. Plus we were there primarily to relax. You do have access to 3 other Riu properties which we quickly toured. We found no need to go to the other resorts as we had everything we could want at the Bambu. We did go to the disco, which was much nicer than expected, and spent some time on Caribbean Street. Thursday nights all the entertainers head down to Caribbean Street and put on shows. It is a lot of fun and you can pick up local Taino artwork. You can really bargain with the artists on the street, but not in the shops. I bought a Taino painting for $10.00 which they originally wanted $40.00 for. If you go to Caribbean Street to shop, you might want to buy some pesos at the hotel as some of these places give you a bad exchange on $US. If you do have $US on you, make sure you know what the exchange rate is and although they really don't barter, I did have one person give me a better rate after I had told her that the rate was too low and started to walk out of the store. The exchange rate at the front desk was 23.50 pesos for 1 $US and approx. 10.40 pesos for 1 $CAN when we were there, so if you're from Canada, it makes sense to buy some US cash to bring with you, since they don't seem to want to take Canadian $ in the stores (anywhere, in fact, and I imagine that if you tried to tip in Canadian $, the recipient might not be able to very much with it), and the exchange rate from Canadian to pesos is really poor. There are 2 markets that you can walk to where you can buy lots of fun stuff and you definitely barter there. Both markets are on the beach, one is a 15 minute walk heading left from hotel and the other is a 30 minute walk heading right from the hotel. We only went to the market 15 minutes to the left from the hotel. It is smaller than the other, but apparently the prices are better and less bartering is required. If you go there, see Tito in shack number 3. 3rd in from the far end, I think. He was great and I felt most comfortable dealing with him. NOTE: If you plan to barter with US$, take small bills ($20's). You might want to distribute your cash in different pockets so that you can say I only have $10.00 and they may meet your price, but if you pull out a $20 or a $10 and other bills, you might be out of luck. So now for the bad stuff, which is pretty minor, really. Aside from not finding the front desk staff overly friendly and helpful at times, we had no complaints about the Bambu. The complaints we do have are subjective. If you don't know this already, the majority (approx. 90%) of guests are European. You may not have a problem with this, but we found that some of them tended to be rude (for example, shoving in front of you at food lines). For people who sometimes have bad things to say about Americans, we found many of them were very poorly behaved. What affected us more than that is we didn't feel comfortable talking to anyone because we weren't sure if they spoke English which was often the case. For us, that made the place less enjoyable and certainly less fun. BUT THIS IS THE BIG ONE.....KIDS! There were a lot of kids at the resort. You know that gorgeous picture you see of the pool? Picture it full of kids...at the swim up bar too! During the day, you couldn't swim in the pool for the number of kids, so we ended up spending our time on the beach. Poor us, eh? But the point is, it would have been nice to have a choice. We talked to people who said they were constantly getting kicked by the kids and when they tried to enjoy the jacuzzi, kids were jumping off the rocks around it. We also had a problem with people not discipling or controlling their children. This might come as a surprise to some parents, but not everyone enjoys the sound of a child screaming continuously at the top of their lungs. There was a child who screamed so loud and hit such a high pitch, I was surprised there was any glass left anywhere. This child had temper tantrums at the Toronto airport, for 3.5 hours on the flight to D.R., all week at the resort, and at baggage pick up in Toronto. The parents did nothing except practically stand there looking bored. This kid is infamous among many people who either stayed at the Bambu or were on the flight - on the positive side, we met a lot of people through discussing this very topic! A family stayed down the hall from us comprising of grandparents and mom and dad and child (2-3). The grandparents stayed on one side of the hall and the parents and kid across from them. They left their doors opened and screamed back and forth and the child played in the hallway and screamed. I finally wrote them a note and asked them to show some courtesy for the other guests and close their door as we weren't interested in listening to their child scream. One day I was relaxing on the balcony and five unsupervised kids grabbed a few rakes that were left on the lawn, and used some shirts, plastic bags and the rakes and tried to catch geckos (these are the small lizards common to the area). They were running through the manicured bushes and hitting the palm trees with the rakes. If I would have thought that these kids had a chance at getting (and probably killing) the geckos, I would have headed downstairs myself to have a chat with them, even though they weren't speaking English. I know that children are allowed at these resorts (which is why we will probably go adults only from now on), but if parents cannot control their children, I don't think other guests should suffer for it - perhaps they should consider leaving them at home. Did it ruin our vacation.....NO. Did it **** me off on many occasions.....YES! Would we recommend this resort.......ABSOLUTELY!!!!!! Short and sweet, the flights to and from Punta Cana on SkyService were amazing. We were impressed with the efficiency of the airline!! We arrived in Punta Cana right on time and arrived in Toronto 25 minutes early even though we experienced a fair amount of turbulence. Hats off to Skyservice and Sunquest!!!! If it is possible that I haven't answered any of your questions, please feel free to email me. I will also be setting up a website with the pictures, so if you want the url, drop me a note. jimdsmail@sympatico.ca Thanks for taking the time to read our comments - hope they will be helpful to you in some way. Jim (and Rob)  
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beatiful Just returned from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Riu Bambo. The place was beautiful. The only thing I didn't care for was the food, seems like everything tasted the same. There was a good selection though. Staff was very helpful. I would recommend this place to everybody, and Yes I would go back in a minute. Thanks  
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect There were 10 family/friends in our party. Everyone had a great time. The rooms were nice. Our request for extra towels and pillows was filled with a smile, as were any other requests we made of anyone at the Riu Bambu. The open lobby, pools, hotel grounds and beach were all beautiful and well kept. We took advantage of the free water sports: paddle boats, kyaks, and sail boats. We enjoyed all three and had no hassles. I would have appreciated some instruction before using the sail boat though.We did experience some inconvenience with the Safari tour. They overbooked on our original date. However, they rescheduled us and gave everyone a free tee shirt. There was quite a bit of riding, but overall we were glad that we went. Two pieces of advice: 1) Women: Don't drink a lot unless you have a huge bladder. There are very few bathroom stops. 2) Don't eat anything with mayonaisse in it at the lunch they provide. Many on our tour did and got sick.The Kontiki Party Boat was fun, but don't go planning to relax and get a tan because there are no chairs on the top deck, just a hard floor. Also, bring money if you want a tee shirt or bottle of rum with your picture on it.The selection of food was great. I would have liked to have coffee in the morning without having to go to the dining room to get it, but hey, you can't have everything!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm not going back! Our trip was doomed from the start. We had to drive to Winnipeg to go to this place because the beaches supposedly sucked at puerta plata. We were supposed to be booked in at the Melao. A smaller, less crowded place, also closer to the beach and snorkeling right out from the Melao beach as well (we found this out later). As it turned out, after a delay of 7 hours in Winnipeg, we finally arrived in the D.R. to find out we had beenupgraded to the Bambu..ya right! We were told that this was because of the delay, we found out later that the Melao had been overbooked. Our room was never cleaned properly, ( I made a pile of sand on our second day and it was still beside the bed when we left). Somebody should show these people how to make a bed. This after we left a dollar a day plus toiletries. Maybe that wasn't enough! The room was very noisy, every sound was amplified by the concrete. Many thanks to the inconsiderate people that moved into room 2201 on Jan. 13th. If you want to smash bottles and scream and yell go to the beach! Scuba Marine is another story. What a rip-off! I paid $70.00 for 4 hours of deep sea fishing. I got 3 hours and when I did finally catch something the handle fell off the reel and the captain pulled my fish in by hand! Next we went para-sailing. We had been watching the para-sailors go by our beach daily so we thought we'd try it. We left at 3:00 PM. The guy driving the shuttle boat got lost following the wrong yellow para-sail and didn't realize his mistake 'til 4:30!! We got back at 6:00 PM and only spent 10 minutes in the air about 10 miles from our beach, not even an apology. Then we went snorkeling. You'd think we'd learn! We took the slowest boat possible and the guy driving hit every wave the wrong way and hit a marker bouy and just missed a post as well. We snorkeled for about 40 mins instead of an hour to boot. By the way as far as, the equipment at the beach goes, you have to get that from Scuba Marine as well.A paddle boat for 20 minutes. Why bother! The food was good, but I must that admit they cut their chickens up a lot differently than we do. I never saw anything that looked like any piece of chicken that I'm used to eating.Anway, if you are looking for a place to stay where you won't get any sleep at night, or if you don't mind a dirty room or if all you want to do is sit on the sand then Bambu is the place for you. If you expect more then go to Club Bananas in Playa del Carmen. Quiet little place, but about 10 minutes from the beach. A small price to pay. Only rated as a 3 star but far superior to Bambu.Our departure was yet another story. We had to leave earlier than expected. Maybe a blessing in disguise. At the airport I asked if we could get seats in the emergency aisle I was told they were full. When everybody was on board I found they were not full so I asked a stewardess if we could move. Thank God she let us! I contacted Sunquest by e-mail and never got a reply. That isn't much of a surprise.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise !! We are shortly to return to the Riu Bambu for 2 weeks in February, after having holidayed there last year over new year with our 2 boys. The boys were bored, but we thought it was the best holiday ever - it is just paradise there - the food is fab, the rooms are great, and the beach is to die for. I wish I could be there all the time. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent! Beautiful resort......accomodations were great....the variety of foods offered, activities on the resort were more than I imagined....This location had very good service....whether on your honeymoon or with the family...this really was an excellent choice .....Plenty to do or just great to sit and relax  
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING- Would return in a heart beat Spent 2 weeks Dec8-21, had a Great time, all staff- bartenders, entertainment staff were OUTSTANDING. Food was plentiful and good. Cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Loved It!   showReview(830466, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation   showReview(826891, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation   showReview(823878, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best holiday ever!!!!!   showReview(807700, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Riu Bambu - Awsome   showReview(628360, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Staying at Riu Bambu   showReview(628223, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RIU Bambu Slipping on Food Quality   showReview(567896, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RIU Not Up To Speed   showReview(473108, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RIU Excellence   showReview(362675, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Riu Bambu- The best vacation ever   showReview(360786, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Justine001
<Content>4e fois et toujours aussi satisfaits   showReview(21462290, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>voyayeur
<Content>De pena, un aestafa, 5 estrellas Jaaaaaa   showReview(20870438, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>MarieLilac
<Content>Buen Hotel       Vista del loby  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Juan-Rosa
<Content>Excelente animacion. Habitaciones,instalaciones y comida bien.       Habitacion Riu Bambu  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	2	5	2	

<Author>abuelete
<Content>Un 5*****????? ja,ja,ja.una estafa   showReview(19890363, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumurlaub in der Karibik   showReview(22945577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aplp3006
<Content>decepcionante   showReview(18884831, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>marola44
<Content>Me gust贸 las atenciones de todo el personal del hotel   showReview(18839682, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SILVIABABuenosAires
<Content>Me decepciono un poquito...   showReview(18018525, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Merxines
<Content>repito dentro de un mes!!!!   showReview(17884778, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GuadalajaraCristina
<Content>muy buen hotel   showReview(17427193, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>anaaramon
<Content>buen hotel   showReview(17268390, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mercedes950
<Content>Atencion muy poco esmerada.       lobby del hotel  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>marinagil
<Content>estado de habitaciones   showReview(16878666, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	-1	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>mamycadeau
<Content>hotel fabuleux   showReview(16751379, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redbull495
<Content>vacances en famille       apercu de l'entr茅e principale  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>voyageur2066
<Content>Superbe endroit mais pour la bouffe on repassera !!!!!!   showReview(14560925, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>vane19
<Content>Juanma y Vane (San Fernando-C谩diz)   showReview(14537629, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>paraidis
<Content>coup de foudre   showReview(14346191, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gonzo3348
<Content>脺berlaufen   showReview(14236142, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>FortunaWien
<Content>Sch枚ne Hotelanlage mit vielen M枚glichkeiten       Buffet  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Rosarinoyque
<Content>Lamentable       Saona2  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chikapuntacana
<Content>Riu bambu en decadencia   showReview(11244906, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>INESPG
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones       Los mejores animadores  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jeni_23
<Content>Jeni y Pedro Sanlucar   showReview(10116840, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomydy
<Content>Amamos punta cana y este hotel       mar excepcional  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ohmygodilovemyjob
<Content>Oh my god!!! Fabuloso   showReview(8457382, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonCadiz
<Content>vacaciones inolvidables       fiesta de los cocos  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>erolo
<Content>INCRE脥BLE, volveremos seguro   showReview(8072757, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amco81
<Content>Unas vacaciones estupendas       La playa un 10  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	3	2	

<Author>Priscilla21
<Content>Retenez le nom Riu Bambu       Piscinita  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onclekit
<Content>Fantastique       Piscinita  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cat1610
<Content>vacances merveilleuses   showReview(7286095, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NENITAbarcelona
<Content>En menos de un a帽o he ido 2 veces. Sin comentarios...       isla saona  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rosoune
<Content>Des vacances formidables   showReview(6599783, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>esmelyta
<Content>Maravilloso, ha sido una segunda luna de miel       La habitacion cuando llegamos  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Gegi
<Content>Super voyage       resto 脿 la carte  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

