<Author>RoundTheWorldTravel
<Content>Good location, nice rooms Booked 7 rooms at Hotel de las Letras with 12 friends for New Year's Eve and were quite happy about it. The first impression in the lobby is cheap, I think they should rework it, but fortunately everything else is good. The rooms were nice and clean, staff in the lounge and restaurant were very helpful. The area Gran Via is not the most elegant, but very lively in the evening for young people. Definitely recommend !  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>maclers
<Content>Good but Lacking service Front desk Like Faulty Towers !! This is a good hotel the room was good, I stayed in a mini suite top floor but ther is a few issues to watch out for, the front desk is like Faulty Towers all over the place lacking service, ther is 3 steps up to the left the reception is in teh hall way 4 guests and ur stopping access to the hotel, the hotel front of house has alot of Gay people ther and you know know if ther eyeing you up or just want to rid you before you get to the lift and man that walks by the reception area gets eyed up Sad but can make you feel like a piece a meat even my wife commented on it, Internet access is a disaster on the top floor. rooms are huge, clean and a bit out of date design wise seems to be old stock from habitat which it is a habitat hotel but its grand but the service in teh bar restuarant is shocking down stairs just eat else where is teh best thing  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	1	4	1	

<Author>Salsera6
<Content>Lovely hotel in the heart of Madrid Very cool hotel, well renovated to preserve the charming historical details, but with all the modern comforts. The location is excellent - within walking district of the Palacio Real, Retiro Park, etc. Staff are very helpful. One note of caution - dinner at the restaurant was good, but very pricey.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JJOnline
<Content>A very pleasant surprise We booked two rooms, a double for the nannies and children and a suite for ourselves at this hotel in February. We just loved the suite. The hot tub on the roof terrace overlooking the Madrid skyline was simply out of this world--totally unforgettable to be sitting there, the steam rising in a great cloud from the tub, and us swirling around in the hot water in the depths of a cold wintry night...sensational.The nannies and kids also enjoyed it, and particularly the room service. The hotel was quiet even though it was nearly full. The restaurant was very mod, and we would have enjoyed eating there had we not had reservations elsewhere...The concierge staff was efficient and helpful, finding the phone number of our restaurant, confirming the reservation, and printing out google walking instructions from the hotel.We were very happy and quite pleasantly surprised--for an artsy hotel, this represented excellent value for money.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lucky29
<Content>Convenient Location We stayed in the hotel 4 nights. The room was quite small and warm. It had a small sitting area, and nice decor. Air conditioning was centrally controlled and not on during our stay at the end of October. We had a nice small balcony with a view, and could open the doors to cool down the room. The bathroom was nice, and did not flood constantly, like other hotels we stayed in on this trip. The hotel had free internet access in the lower level library, which worked fairly well. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful with directions. We had a bad experience in the lounge with very unfriendly, rude service. The location was good, with Metro stops within several blocks on several lines. We didn't like the empty storefront in front of the hotel. It looked rather shabby. Apparently, the hotel will be taking this space over soon.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>joop1
<Content>Didn't like We requested a low floor and got the first. Very positive that special requests are respected. However the window did not open, you needed a special key which the front desk could not give to us and they were too busy to go to our room with us. Front desk staff was under average in any case, very cute but inefficient. The guys were chaotic and helping three people at a time when we were checking in. Hotel is overdone and exterior is more important than quality. When leaving, Gran Via was car-free (for bikers) and we could not get a taxi. When asking where a taxi would be available (Sol or ...), the guy did not know and made not at all an effort for asking the taxi company. Twice the question was asked how many nights we were staying. As if that matters for being able to open a window for fresh air. Does not seem necessary for two nights only. Would definitely not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Talkabout
<Content>poetry AND motion Sonnets from shakespeare on the walls and one of Madrids best known restaurants across the street...what more do you want?My 18-year old son loved the breakfast buffet, the free internet, the cool tv and music installation and our terrace with jacuzzi. I loved the las letras shampoo (did'nt need a conditioner), the comfortable bed, the location (the Prado is nearby) and the library.In short: very stylish hotel, excellent location. highly recommended  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UMKhan
<Content>Good Experience.... Staying in Madrid was a delight for me and my family鈥?warm and sunny climate, great Spanish architecture and off course our nice Hotel De Las Letras made it a memorable stay鈥?We have 2 toddlers which makes it a little challenging for the hotel staff to cope up with our constant requests and special cleaning efforts had to be put up by the housekeeping staff鈥ut the overall job that they had done, was quite nice. We hired a small car in Madrid to roam around and do the sightseeing with the help of only a map, but after having gotten lost for hours, we came back to the hotel and at the recommendation of the hotel staff, we hired a tourist guide. Getting the very professional and nice David was invaluable and quite a help I must say鈥otel staff was nice and helpful, although at times I did feel that their speed was a little easy鈥?but all the jobs did get done eventually鈥?) The breakfast was elaborate and nice and gave us the best possible start to our day鈥he room had a stylish balcony facing the gran via and still not noisy. The Air conditioning initially made us feel uncomfortable, but after a while, it used to get better鈥?its because it was hot in Madrid in July when we were visiting鈥?Overall I鈥檇 recommend this hotel for its great location, service and architecture鈥?!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Thierry007
<Content>Very nice hotel apart some details This is a kind of boutique hotel in an old building. Well located, although at night the neighborhood is not lively.Nice lounge bar on the ground floor where a copious, yet not spectacular breakfast is served.Rooms are very stylish with poems painted on walls (hence the name of the hotel). Mine had a small sofa. It seems that all rooms have street view and a tiny balcony. I did not find my room excessively noisy despite the vicinity of gran via.Bathroom nicely designed with a very large shower and a good set of amenities. Water power was excellent.Free internet access (either Wi-fi or ethernet plug). However some problems which need to be fixed:- Similarly to other reviewers, I could not have the air conditioning work properly. This might be an issue when Madrid is very hot.- My bed was wheeled, which means that it was moving all the time. I imagine this can be tricky for couples.- Nothing within the shower cabin to put your soap or shampoo on.Overall an excellent value for money. I booked my room directly on the hotel web site for 150 euros/night (breakfast included), which , for a stay in mid September, was quite a bargain.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Nessie_the_Monster
<Content>Nice, but a bit overdone I stayed at the Hotel de las Letras for only 2 nights. I liked the location, however it comes with the noise from the Gran Via. The fashionable decoration is a bit overdone, as a friend of mine would say: it has all the twitches of present-day decor aesthetics and resources.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>DoubleO-London
<Content>Noisy, bring air plugs Undoubtable very stylish, excellent location.However, my room facing Gran Via (main road) was terribly noisy. Aircon did not work (centrally disabled during my stay in September), so the room got very hot.Beds are on carts, so pretty mobile... in particular if two make a king size.In conclusion: excellent location, over styled, under comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Longtonian
<Content>Overrated This was our second visit to the Hotel de las Letras but we won't be going back again. The hotel is very stylish and the rooms were comfortable, although we had an inside room and it was VERY dark. The bathroom was modern, clean and stylish. So far so good......however, there were some problems. Firstly the air con was totally inadequate. We were there in September and found the room uncomfortably warm and air conditioning made little difference to the temperature even though we had it on the coldest setting. One good point about the air con is it that it was noisy enough to drown out the sound of the rooftop bar above our room. However the rooms were otherwise very well sound proofed - there was no noise from the other rooms such as flushing toilets etc which is often an issue in other hotels. We didn't use the hotel's restaurant or main bar so can't comment on those but we did spend an evening on the rooftop bar which is beautiful with stunning views of the city. However the bar staff were offhand and inefficient. They were more interested in chatting to each other and preening themselves than serving customers. When you are paying 14 euros for a gin and tonic you expect good service !!! On a positive side the hotel is in a great location within walking distance most of the major sites and also very close to a metro station.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>WalesTraveller
<Content>Very stylish Well located hotel on the Gran Via within easy walking distance of Madrid's many tapas bars/ restaurants. Also good location for the art galleries and other attractions.Hotel was very stylish with nicely decorated room, very attractive ground floor bar as well as a spa area and small gym. The hotel had a rooftop bar/ sun loungers which may be useful in hotter months but unfortunately not in March!On our first morning we had breakfast at the hotel. It was very nice but not worth the money so we ate breakfast elsewhere for the remainder of our stay. No problems with our stay, so would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>arwen-danae
<Content>Just found the perfect hotel in Madrid! I stayed in this hotel based on the reviews here, as well as the fantastic pics in the web-site. Well, for once the images just didn't do it enough credit!The staff was super-helpful and super-nice (perhaps the fact that I speak fluent Spanish helped, not sure about that...) and gave me the perfect room. It was located in a high floor with nice windows over Gran Via; the room itself was perfect, wooden floors spacious bedroom, huge bed with amazing inviting linen, pillows and mattress. Big bathroom. Everything clean and of high quality. Plus the location is very convenient, pretty close to all the major sigh-seeings while not being located at the dodgy side of Gran Via...A colleague that also stayed in the same hotel he got a room in the first floor (because he did not want to wait for a room in the higher floor to be cleaned) and it was still amazing with windows from floor to ceiling looking at the back of the hotel in a quiet street.I consider myself quite difficult with hotels. But let me tell you this was an amazing experience. The price was a bargain at 125 Euro per night including breakfast! I would highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay here again! It's worth every penny! I would also recommend to book a room at a high floor.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hkhappygal
<Content>Lovely Hotel This hotel is in Gran Via in Madrid and the location is excellent. Everywhere is within walking distance (15mins to Prado Museum) It was recommended by my friend in Madrid because of its location and the roof bar. It is a small hip hotel and the room is definitely hip. Bed is comfortable and room is quiet. I am a light sleeper and can be easily waken up by noise. But I have no problem with the room in this hotel. There is also free wifi in your room which is kind of rare in Europe. The only small negative point if you are a perfectionist is perhaps the dim lightings in the room. But who will want to stay in the room to read when you are in Madrid?I am quite picky in hotels and for Hotel de la Letras, I would definitely stay here again. I think this is excellent for the money worth.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tripadee
<Content>Super hotel I stayed here while in Madrid for work and would definitely chose to stay here again. The room was lovely - airy and nicely furnished. They've done a great job restoring the building and the rooftop bar is lovely. The location of the hotel is fantastic and although the street outside is busy it's part of the charm of Madrid and closing the windows did keep out a lot of the noise. The reception area is not very impressive - a small sort of antechamber - but I suspect that is so that the building is preserved properly. My only gripe was that the bed is on wheels and tends to move away from the wall. However I'm sure there must be brakes - I just forgot to ask.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pearj
<Content>Good location and comfortable I enjoyed my stay at Hotel de las Letras. When I arrived, I was upgraded to bigger room which was room 605. It was on the top floor and had an entrance hall, bedroom and bathroom. The bedroom had 6 large windows and was full of light. It was a great size, with a comfy bed, flat-screen tv, stereo and mini-bar. It also had a small sofa and brochures about Madrid, which helped me plan my stay. The hall had a wardrobe, which was lit inside, a safe and a box full of chocolate and snacks (not free). The location of the Gran Via was excellent as it was a short walk to the 3 Art Galleries, Puerta de Sol, Palacio Real, Salamanca shopping district, Chueca etc.The only negative was the airconditioning, which struggled to cope with the heat on my first night and went down as far as 27C. After leaving it on all day, my room cooled down to 22C, but I had to switch it off at night because it was so loud. I think it may have been because my room had so many windows and so more sensitive to the heat. The bathroom didn麓t have airconditioning or a fan, so was warm at all times.The breakfast was included in the price of my room and had plenty of choice. The quality of the room-service was also good. The staff in the hotel were helpful and friendly. There was free internet access in the Biblioteca and the Spa looked nice, although I didn use it. The gym is a treadmill and exercise-bike, so it is small. Despite the airconditioning problem on the first night, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I shopped around for a good price at this hotel, so would say it was value for money.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PeteyCue
<Content>Wonderful Experience Unbeatable location close to sights and Metro stations. Staff was very friendly and helpful. As a single traveler I am used to receiving some little room stuck somewhere in the back with no space at all. This hotel does not distinguish between a single and a double room. King size bed with great air conditioning in the room. The temperature was around 96 fahrenheit. Nice amenities in bathroom. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AW25
<Content>Loved de las Letras! This was the best hotel that we stayed in during our whole two weeks in Spain! It was stylish and spacious, and we also enjoyed the bar in the lobby restaurant. The location was fabulous- close to many major sights and near some fabulous restaurants. The staff was extremely helpful, especially with our questions and requests to the front desk. i wish we could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VancouverIris
<Content>great location, and smoke free room! I stayed at de Las Letras in May 2007 on a solo vacation to Spain. If you are sound sensitive, request an interior room as the main street can be very noisy. I loved the location, it was easy for me to walk to all the important sites like the Prado, Reina Sofia, Royal Palace, etc as well as all the major shopping sites (the shoe stores in Madrid are fantastic!). I felt very safe as a female traveler walking during the day to and from my hotel as well as around the rest of Madrid. You are close to restaurants (if you want to wait until the 9 or 10pm for a sit down meal), but there are also a ton of cafes and kebab shops so you can eat when you wish and can come and go as you please. Another tip is that you can head to El Corte Ingles to pick up any groceries if you want to eat Al fresco, or want a simpler meal (they have wonderful take out salads). The front desk staff were wonderful, they spoke Spanish, French, Italian and English, and they booked my early taxi ride to the airport. I would totally recommend the hotel. It may be more expensive than others, but it is worth the cost due to location.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Hugo99
<Content>Great location, holiday made easy Hotel right on the main street, made getting around very easy. The staff were very polite and professional, even the the cleaning staff were most helpful. The hotel's modern habitat decor was refreshing. There is a lovely loft bar on the roof. Massive bed for lounging around on during siesta. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TinyLittleFeet
<Content>Fab!       Roof terrace  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lisa15
<Content>Great Hotel, Friendly Staff Stayed in the Hotel de las Letras for 2 nights in May. The hotel rooms are minamalist and the rooms are quite dark but they are very clean and modern.The hotel staff are also very friendly and were very helpful in sourcing restuarants for us in different areas.The general location of the hotel is great, close to the metro and some very trendy bars are also located closeby.The hotel bar was also a great place to go at night, always packed and lively, it was just as good as some other bars in the area. The rooftop bar was also lovely, if a little cold when we were there.I would definetly recommend this hotels to young couples and trendy singletons and those who would enjoy staying in boutique style hotels.I will most certainly be back for another visit.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarkBearSF
<Content>Trendy, Close to Gay Area What a wonderful experience.We booked this hotel primarily because of its location and the positive reviews on TripAdvisor -- and we were happy we did.The hotel is in a great, central location. Close to everything (Near Gran Via metro). The decor is very minimalist and trendy. The room was much more minimalist than I would choose for my own home, but was fun for a vacation.Service was friendly and helpful.I had read negative comments on street noise (the down side of a great location) -- however our room was on the back so this was not a problem.As a gay visitor, a great advantage was that it's steps from the bustling Chueca district with most of the gay bars and clubs.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Riomaravilha
<Content>Excellent all around I really liked this Hotel. Very chic design and I found the staff to be very helpful (they even recommended a much better restaurant for paella than our travel agent). The black toilet paper and red walls were fantastic and the bed was one of the most comfortable around.We were lucky enough to get a corner room on a high floor, so the noise was minimal and we had an excellent view.The only thing that wasn't 100% was the wireless Internet connection (which seems to be my problem with many hotels around Europe). I had to go to the second floor and find certain sweet spots to connect. I didn't find the location to be bad either. There are great shops and restaurants on either side and the metro is nearby. It was also within walking distance to the Prado (if you like to walk a bit).  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>emausten
<Content>A great modern boutique hotel in a superb location We stayed at the Hotel de las Letras for one night in May 2008, and had a wonderful time. We appreciated the clean, modern decor and the many energy-saving features (motion-activated lights in the corridors, A/C that turns off when a window is opened, etc.). Our room was a large interior room with a huge L-shaped bathroom and a loveseat. Though the windows, which faced into an atrium, did not allow a lot of light, we weren't in the room much during the day so it did not make a big difference to us. We arrived before check-in time and left our luggage at the front desk. When we came back around 6pm, we were thrilled to find the bags had been taken up to our room for us.We were exhausted after a week of sightseeing around Europe, so we opted to try the hotel's restaurant for dinner, and were pleased by the upscale menu. Highlights included the gazpacho appetizer and the Ibiza pork shoulder entree. We also had a drink at the hotel's rooftop bar, which was relaxing and lovely on a nice night. Do be aware that the prices at the bar are comparable with the room service prices because the tapas  drinks are brought up from the downstairs restaurant.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel as a modern boutique hotel with larger than expected rooms.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cubalibre3
<Content>Okay, But Not the Best Location This is truly a 3.5 star hotel. It is not the best, it's not the worst. But there are definitely a few things missing. There's a nice feel to the hotel, but the staff are not so friendly, nor are they that accommodating. When other talk about there being minimal light they are not exaggerating at all. There is a very small fitness room and a spa. The spa was the best part of the trip. The location is like staying on 42nd St. in NYC (but the old 42nd St). It's conveninently located, but it's not the nicest area. Overall, if you are on a budget and do some pre-planning this isn't a good place to stay.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>CarpeDiemBrugge
<Content>Las Letras is a great hotel Design of hotel is great.Location is superb.The room was very nice, comfortable and quiet.The bar and the restaurant are far above average.The staff is very professional and kind.We had a wonderful stay, and will certainly stay there again when visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nz_kiwi33
<Content>Great hotel nice balcony off the room A great hotel nice balcony off the room, prices seem to have increased a lot since last year unfortunately but still a great hotel  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stez867
<Content>Nice hotel  My husband  I stayed at the Hotel de Las Letras in April 2008 for 2 nights. The hotel is very close to at least 3 metro stops-sol/sevilla/gran via. when coming from the airport you can get off at any one of these and have only a 5 minute walk-very easy.the hotel is on the corner of gran via, and the entrance doesn't look like a hotel entrance-it looks like an apartment entrance. and when you go in you are even more oncfused because there are no signs inside the door about the ohtel. but we just waited (very long time to check in even though there was only 2 people in front of me, not sure why it takes so long) and found out we were in the right place.The room was lovely-great bedding, very modern decor, nice bathroom with large tub and all the toiletries you could need. a large safe that fit our laptop  lladro purchases. both streets the hotel is on are noisy, i had to use earplugs my first night even though we were on the 'quieter' street, but i would still reocmmend it. we found a tapas bar one block away where we had 4 tapas  2 beers for 7 euros-can't beat that! the front desk was not very friendly, and you are best to speak in spanish everywhere you go in spain (easy for us as i speak spanish), so would encourage you to do some reading  learn key phrases before you go. i don't pick a hotel for the friendly front desk so that does not bother me. as long as the room is comfortable and of quality to the price paid, and everything is clean i don't care about attitudes. madrid is not english friendly, and even the royal palace (palacio real) does not have enlish translations on the signs in the armory. and we ran into another american tourist and they told us they had trouble eating because many restaurants did not have english menus. we found a lot that did and if you stay on main streets you will be fine (albeit won't experience as much of the culture if you stick to tourist restaurants).note the hotel is not handicap accessible-you have to walk up 4-5 steps to enter the hotel. most of madrid isn't accessible, but it is better than barcelona where we had to carry our luggage up mutliple flights in the metros-madrid has more escalators in the metros.all in all, we loved madrid, the hotel was great, and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Eml012881
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I stayed at Hotel de las Letras on my first trip to Madrid and loved it. I think it was the perfect choice as a hotel. I loved the location both in terms of walking distance to places as well as to to the metro. My room was on a higher floor and overlooked the side street off of the Gran Via. WIth the windows closed, I experienced no noise from the street. For a single room, I found the size to be larger than expected. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was really nice. Wished there had been more light in the room at night. Breakfast was a delicious but at 14 euros a little pricey everyday. I also had drinks in the bar/cafe at night which was nice if I didn't want to walk too far. I found the staff very helpful. I was there over Easter and they provided me with information on events occuring in the city. They also booked my ticket for the theater which I thought was a very nice touch. I would easily stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ontheroadBklyn
<Content>Good place to stay Stayed here for 2 nights. We were offered a quiet room or a room on the Gran Via. Initially chose quiet room, but it had an internal window, and was dark and (I found) rather gloomy. So we opted for the Gran Via facing room, which was light, bright and a treat. Yes, there is much street noise (especially at odd rush hours), but the sound insulation when door to tiny balcony is closed is pretty good. First night I was aware of it, but second night it didn't bother me at all. Room was a decent size for a city hotel, spacious layout in entrance way which gave it a comfortable and roomy feel, small loveseat type sofa with ottoman to rest legs, nice flat screen tv. Bathroom large and well appointed. All spotlessly clean. I used the computers in the Library lounge area in basement - free access and useful to have. We used the spa for the hot-tub - atmospheric low lighting with candles around the place and soothing mood music playing (actually better than that sounds!). We used the bar for morning coffee and drinks - smokey (of course), but not overly expensive. On the recommendation of other posters here, I used the cafe opposite for breakfast - basic, but convenient and inexpensive. Great location - easy walk to Prado, Thyssen Bornemizsa, Botanic Garden etc. I found reception staff helpful - small reception area, but they did their best to move people through smoothly. I can imagine it would get tricky if more than 3/4 people were trying to check in/out at any one time. They helped me with stamps, mailing cards and even deciphering my (purchased for the trip) cell phone. Would definitely use this hotel again when visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Vonsie
<Content>Good overall, probably not 3rd best in the city though. I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights for work, but I had extended my stay to enjoy a weekend in Madrid. Overall I had a pleasant stay. The reception were very helpful when I needed advice about getting a prescription, although I did think it quite odd that there is nowhere to sit down around the reception area. I was regularly waiting for colleagues and had to nowhere really to wait downstairs unless I went to the bar. The breakfast which was included in our rate was quite good, a wide selection of fruits, pastries, juices, cheeses, hams etc.The room was spacious enough, I would agree that it was quite dark ( no proper mirror for putting on makeup) but I quite liked it, as everything was really new and clean. The spa area was fine, although the floor was very wet. Also, despite the rather deceptive photograph, this hotel does NOT have a pool!I think the location is great for Madrid - right on Grand Via, 5 mins to Puerta del Sol and between two great areas for restaurants. I would stay in this hotel again and enjoyed my stay, but I doubt it should be the 3rd highest rated hotel in Madrid, or maybe the standards in the city aren't very high.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>DrHG
<Content>Central but very noisy I am usually a relaxed traveller who does not mind noise but Las Letras was a little too much. The hotel is on Gran Via which is busy with taxis at all hours of the day. Although i was stauing on the third floor the noise could easily keep you awake. The rooms facing the side street and the back of the hotel where my colleagues stayed were apparently less noisy. The good thing about the hotel is that it is very central and seconds away from Chueca and Sol which are the main areas with bars and restaurants. A hotel that i visited while i was there that looked nice and was less noisy was Me by Melia (the name in full) on PLaza Santa Ana. The bar very popular with a funky crowd and apparently the roof top bar even better. Plaza Santa ana is a very nice square. Hope the above helps fellow travellers.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	2	4	1	

<Author>hollie2
<Content>More like a two star hotel... I've been using Tripadvisor for years and I've always found it to be fairly spot on! But not this time. This hotel was listed as the 3rd best hotel in Madrid based on a number of factors and hence, the reason why we booked it. We paid approximately 680eur for four nights which was the greatest rip off ever! When it comes to location, its central enough but only if you dont mind walking past loads of prostitues outside your hotel at night. The first room they checked us into was towards the back of the hotel and the only good thing we could say about it was that it was quiet. But talk about dingy!!! It was so dark and depressing, there's no way i could have stayed there for four nights so I asked at reception to be changed. They moved us the next morning to a room at the front of the hotel but the noise from the main street was just ridiculous. The furniture in both rooms was the cheapest IKEA type furniture you've ever seen. There's really nothing good that i can say about this hotel. When i pay to stay in a four star hotel, i expect it to be four star but this was more like a two star. And this was no where near the standard of a two star hotel!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>thegregster86
<Content>Great stay! Stayed at this hotel in early March and had a fantastic stay! The room was immaculate and the staff on reception were fantastic.I accidentally left a postcard in my room on the day i left and the hotel sent this on my behalf!On my next visit to Madrid this will definitely be my first choice!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Borzo1
<Content>Great hotel let down by some staff As others have said, the hotel is lovely with good facilities. It's hip and trendy design are lovely. The breakfast is a good continental style, the rooms are cool and clean, the location is super central.Some of the staff are great - some are so busy being cool to actually work.When you have a problem, hotel staff should go in to overdrive to solve it - but when your locked out by a keycards, to be ignored at reception is infuriating. And an apology would go a long way!Then there was the extra night on the bill, at 鈧?00 a throw, not to be ignored. Wordlessly this was corrected - again no apology.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Fishbone46
<Content>Fantastic hotel This is a fantastic hotel, Staff was very helpful and friendly.Rooms are quite dark, however very nice decoration. Bathroom was fantastic.There is free WiFi in the room, and also an ethernet wired connection in each room. Reception will be more than happy to land you a cable (for free, of course)Location is excellent, very close to 2 major Metro station, and 3 Starbucks within minutes walk.We stayed there for 4 nights and loved every minute. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pmccarthy
<Content>Comfrtable, contemporary and stylish After reading these reviews and then discovering a bargain all-in deal on the internet, we headed off for a weekend break at the Hotel De Las Letras. I won't write much other than to confirm the general good impression you get from the reviews already on this site. This is not a huge hotel, or one above its station: it is excellently presented in a contemporary way, clean and very comfortable. Our 5th floor room was a good size with as goos a hotel bathroom as I've seen. The bar is excellent and come evening it is clear that many Spanish think the same as it becomes busy. Our man at the front desk was most courteous in suggesting and booking us a restaurant appropriate to our requests. The only downside was the slight disrepair of the jacuzzi downstairs which was warm and cosy but bubble-less with defective buttons. I absolutely recommend this place. Our deal, from a well known website with the slogan 'Hello World', amounted to 拢33 pp per night.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ladymann
<Content>Loved this hotel Spent 48 hours in Madrid.Fab staff, great bar and restaurant. Very cool but not in a self conscious way (like some hotels I've posted reviews on). The spa was very good also.Based in the Central area, this is within walking distance of everything; museums, restaurants, night-life.The hotel is well maintained, with a wonderful upbeat reception staff. I had a problem accessing WiFi which was dealt with immediately. Reservations, recommendations, etc etc all handled with charm and genuine affection by staff. Unique I suspect these days. There were some really stressed peeps checking out when I was checking in (their cab was 5 mins late) and that worried me. It shouldn't have. Their nationality might have given me a clue.... Hint, hint... And the staff handled it all impeccably. Madrilenos are famously laid back, so the cigarette smoke can get to you, the wait for a coffee/drink drive you to distraction and the national sport of queue jumping leave you feeling crapped upon but at this hotel, you'll feel loved. And the best indicator of all were the locals who popped in top use the bar/restaurant during the day and nite. And a few familiar famous peeps dropped into say hello to their friends.The secret? Be nice and they'll be nice right back. Simple really.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1972j
<Content>Hotel de les Letras is great We recently spent 5 nights at the Hotel de les Letras. It's a terrific place to stay. The design is very chic- it reminds you of a more upscale W hotel- although it's much nicer and on a much more managable scale than a W or other similiar large chain hotel. The rooms are large by big city standards (comparable or larger than most rooms I've stayed at in NYC, Paris, London, etc.). The bathroom we had was really large, with two sinks, and was well appointed. We also had a balcony overlooking the Gran Via and even though the street is busy, noise was not an issue. The room came equipped with a small couch, desk, and a flat screen tv with english language stations. And, one of the best perks was that there is a free wireless internet connection.The hotel itself is in a perfect location. You can walk any where in the city easily- to the museums, royal palace, to shopping- or you can hop on a metro stop (there are 3 near-by). There are lots of great restaurants within a 5 minute walk in the Chuerca district. The front desk was great at offering dining tips  on bars that were worth checking out.If you are travelling with others, the hotel's restaurant/bar has a great lounge area to meet up or wait for others.All in all, I thought the Hotel de les Letras was one of the best places I've stayed in Europe- I would highly recommend it to anyone. It's worth visiting Madrid just to stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blurred
<Content>Overall, very satisfied As others already mentioned, room, ambience, location are all very good. The library in the basement had two PCs with internet. The bar/restaurant on the first floor had some good stuff too. The room I booked was one with an outdoor jacuzzi, which I really enjoyed.One small glitch I experienced was with an inception staff who automatically mistook me as one of their housekeepers, only because I was Asian. (Believe me, I wasn't of course dressed up, but I wasn't either looking like a housekeeper. I was ready to hit the road and enjoy Madrid..) He didn't offer an apology.Well, I should say, with an exception of a couple of staff, I didn't found the hotel's staff very kind and helpful. But other than that, I was mostly satisfied with the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Tally714
<Content>Fabulous Hotel I chose to stay at Hotel de Las Letras bsed on the Trip Advisor reviews I had read and I am so glad that I did. This was hands-down one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. The interior style is very contemporary and the ground floor bar reminds me of a W Hotel Bar. It's a young, hip scene with great design elements. The price was very reasonable for Madrid and I loved everything about the hotel. It is located right on Gran Via which is one of the main shopping streets in Madrid. It is very centrally located to all of the sights. The rooms were clean, comfortable, luxurious and fairly large. And the room was completely quiet which was no small feat considering that our room was facing one of the busiest streets in Madrid. The absolute best part of the hotel is the spa. All hotel guests have free entry to the spa which is in the basement of the hotel. There is a large jacuzzi spa and at all hours of the day they had candles lit around it. There was also a sauna and a hammam, which is similar to a sauna. It was the perfect place to wind down after a long day. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I would recommend this hotel to just about everyone.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>GoranBarcelona
<Content>Great Hotel! We spent 3 nights in Madrid in December and the Hotel de las Letras was awesome!!! Great location, clean, good rooms, modern hotel with the best facilities. Despite being in a busy area, the rooms were very quiet. The food in their restaurant was fantastics! I will definitely return to this Hotel when I go to Madrid. Strongly recommended!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdstephenson
<Content>Great location. Ideal location in Madrid...less than 2 minutes from the bars and rests of Cheuca, close to shopping and within walking distance of Prado etc.Rooms are modern and comfortable (great bed) and staff are v helpfull.Easy to get from Airport via the Metro (Grand Via stop) so don't bother with a cab....we got ripped off!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edna51
<Content>Loved our stay at the De Las Letras We thoroughly enjoyed our three days at the hotel, the rooms were lovely and very clean, the location is perfect and the complementary spa service was a great way to end the day!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EUEx-pat
<Content>Great, great location!       Shower in tub  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	5	4	

<Author>agrippina1705
<Content>Great hotel - but rude staff We were expecting a great hotel from the reviews on Trip Advisor and we weren't disappointed: this is a lovely, very modern hotel right in the heart of Madrid, on the main shopping street. The rooms are huge and welcoming, beautifully decorated in striking colours. The furniture is less IKEA-y than I had been expecting and the bed in the standard double room was enormous and very comfortable. The bathrooms have both a shower and a bath and lots of fluffy towels and free toiletries. One really nice touch was the mini-guide book the hotel leaves in the room, with restaurant and shopping suggestions. I'm sure this is sponsored so the recommendations are biased - but it has a great mini-map which was helpful. The roof bar was expensive but definitely worth a visit, particularly just as the sun is setting. The library in the basement is also good for quick access to the internet. We didn't visit the spa but it smelt very strongly and unpleasantly of bleach as we walked past.The only thing which was disappointing was the attitude of some of the reception staff. One or two were very unwilling to help with information about directions and train tickets - despite the fact that one of our party spoke Spanish. It was just a small thing, and certainly not true of everyone - but it did make us feel quite unwelcome.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>rbumd
<Content>Best Little Hotel in Madrid! Whatever qualms we may have had about the hotel quickly dissipated as soon as we checked in. The reception desk was staffed by friendly, polite and professional men and women who spoke English. The hotel was modern, very clean, and tastefully furnished. The room was the best surprise - ample space, simple but beautiful decor, good sized queen (more like a king) bed with a soft comfortable mattress. A small balcony overlooked the busy street below, but at night, surprisingly, not noisy at all. A large wall mounted LCD TV monitor was a plus, although there was no English programming. The bathroom was a sight to behold - 2 modern sinks, a great tub/shower, hot and cold water and plenty of clean towels. Housekeeping did a great job! Location of hotel is perfect - easy walk to local sights. Receptions staff eagerly facilitated excellent day trips. The local tourist hop on/off bus stop was nearby. All in all, a terrific 4 day stay that was well worth the price. For our next trip to Madrid, wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kitteng
<Content>Relaxing Hotel in great location The hotel filled our needs perfectly. We were in Madrid for the nightlife as well as the art and shopping and our quiet room we had requested became a haven for us at siesta. The room was very quiet with the black out curtains and very comfortable bed. Modern user-friendly cd player and tv. The room is dark though which could become annoying for some. We loved it and althought the hotel is in the city centre and walking distance to all the major sites and nightlife it was so relaxing. The spa was a highlight - a real haven of tranquility with excellent steam room, sauna and hot pool with power-jets for the back. We liked the bar and stuck to the wine which was reasonable in price and very good quality. It had a very laid back vibe, like the rest of the hotel - in fact the easy pace was the perfect place to stay for us. We loved Madrid and the hotel added to a wonderful weekend break.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeShaz
<Content>Fab hotel       View of Gran Via from our room  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Sharon16
<Content>Excellent!!!!       room 606 - very comfortable bed!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lad2709
<Content>Urban Chic Modern chic hotel housed in a lovely building located in an improving area of Madrid. We stayed for 3 nights in DLL's superior room with terrace, the room was spacious and well equipped (a little too Ikea for me), the terrace was an excellent bonus in city hotel complete with hot tub. Bar and restaurant are in keeping with the modern trend, the roof terrace/bar a really nice place to relax. The staff were efficient and helpful especially at reception/lobby, but sometimes a little aloof or distant in the bar. Good value given the style and space in the centre of Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Instep
<Content>Good Value and Great Location I was looking for a clean and pleasant hotel in a central location and this really fits the bill. The modernisation has ben done thoughtfully with old features retained but clean, spacious modern rooms. The staff were helpful and the hotel was great as a base to explore the city. I did not eat in the hotel - there were too many tempting local restaurants nearby - but the bar was stylish and welcoming.The rate charged seemed to me to offer very good value indeed for the quality of the service provided.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oscarboy
<Content>Loved this Hotel!!!       Room at Hotel de las Letras  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aimee613
<Content>Enjoyed Hotel Las Letras!! We stayed here for five nights in August and really loved this hotel. We had a very large room on a high floor that had a large balcony with a hot tub on it that overlooked the city. I loved the funky decor in the room and enjoyed reading the Robert Frost quote on the wall. The room was very bright and airy with lots of natural light and high ceilings. The closet space was ample and the mini-bar was well stocked with lots of goodies. The original Moorirish architectural details throughout the hotel and on the rooftop balcony combined with the chic and modern decor embodided the alluring spirit of this hotel.The front dest service was fair at best. They got the job done, but were not very friendly or overly enthusiastic about their job. The staff in the restaurant had a very similiar attitude like they were just going through the motions and despondant. We only had a drink at the restuarant bar, but decided not to eat dinner there as the prices on the menu were absolutely outrageous.The location of this hotel was good. It is in the heart of Madrid and within walking distance to many of the attractions, but is also in a very noisy, frenetic area of the city. We would not return to Madrid again becuase we did not love this city, but if we did we would stay at Las Letras again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>bdaysun
<Content>Delighted with the room Walked into our room after a long drive and instantly the driving stress was erased! We couldn't stop exclaiming how cool it was. The room had super-high ceilings with French doors and a little balcony with view of the beautiful building across the street. Really interesting design and colors, great bathroom. We actually took photos because for decorating ideas because I wish my apartment looked like that!Also, great location (walking distance to Prado museum) and friendly helpful staff.(Oh, and one little helpful hint...the hotel does not have parking, so if you are driving yourself and you spot it, just park in any parking garage nearby. Overnight rates are the same as they would be at any hotel...)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>briguy2006
<Content>Comfortable and convenient, with just a couple kinks We just returned from two weeks in Spain, including four nights in Madrid. I would definitely recommend Hotel de las Letras to anyone planning a visit to the Spanish capital. Our rooms (we stayed in one room at the start of our vacation and another room our last night in Spain) were spacious, stylishly decorated and comfortable, the buffet breakfast was good, the hip and happening terrace bar offered a nice view and a pleasant breeze, and the location was perfect for the kinds of sightseeing we, as Madrid newbies, wanted to do. Still, a few small details kept it from being a 5-star experience. By themselves, none of these details would be worth mentioning, but it was the accumulation of them that nudged the hotel down to a 4-star level for us. First, our balcony had no furniture when we first got there, so we had to call down to the front desk to have some deck chairs brought up (they brought one chair and one table). What's the point of having a large balcony if you can't sit out there? Then the next day we had to call down for a bottle opener so we could open some drinks that were in the mini bar, and we also discovered that the housekeeping staff had emptied the ice tray, so there was no ice for our drinks. One night we asked about the gym, only to discover that it was basically a couple pieces of equipment and that, for some reason, it would only be open for about an hour that night. Luckily we didn't want to work out that badly. Most troublesome was that some of the staff bordered on surly. The unattentive woman who was supposed to serve the coffee during breakfast got kind of huffy when we beckoned her over to get our first cup of coffee halfway through our meal, and the people working the bar the one night we went up there seemed pretty frazzled and anything but friendly. Again, none of these events was that big a deal, but it's those small details that make the difference between a 4-star and 5-star experience. Maybe with a little more time they'll iron out some of these rough spots.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MartynW
<Content>Excellent, the reviews were accurate My wife and I enjoyed a 5-night stay enormously. It was modern and very clean just as I imagined from the TripAdvisor reviews. We opted for the grade above the standard room as they were said to be on the small side, and it was a very good size (a room at the corner of the building). They changed the sheets every day too.Breakfast was expensive, but we enjoyed all the fresh fruit and felt on balance that it was worth it, although others might be better off going out for breakfast. When paying, they asked if we'd taken breakfast (and we were honest!) so it seems optional. Staff at breakfast were a bit hit and miss (mostly miss) as to whether they could be bothered to take any notice when you wanted to order your tea or coffee.The roof terrace was great to sip a drink in the evening and watch the sun go down. We happily emailed from the free basement PC.It is a great location. If you like fresh salads (some hot pasta, etc. too) then very near by is the FresCo restaurant with an 'all you can eat' buffet. Brilliant.minor gripe: lack of cupboard or drawer space  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>jenuper
<Content>Beware I was charged 28 Euros/night for a breakfast that I didn't even know about. It was a mandatory fee, but was listed nowhere on the booking confirmation from the website. At check out, I inquired why nobody told me I would be charged for breakfast when I checked in. The extremely rude receptionist responded, Most people who are interested in breakfast ask about it. Had I known I was paying for an expensive breakfast, I would have eaten it. This is a completely unfair practice and quite possibly illegal! I would not recommend this hotel based on their policies and staff members.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>teppy83
<Content>Stylish and modern business hotel The Hotel de las Letras is by far and away the most contemporary and inviting hotel along Gran Via. It is reasonably priced and definitely the place to stay for a holiday or business trip to Madrid.The communal areas of the hotel feature original Moorish mosaics and the rooms are well-dressed in funky Habitat furniture and contemporary fittings. The bed was extremely comfortable and the check-in staff were friendly and helpful. Room service was fine for most of my stay, though there was a fairly lengthy delay one night, and the food was always a little over-ambitious.Overall, a far better alternative to hotels in the area, and good for both business and pleasure!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>RoadtripSpain
<Content>Great modern hotel This is a very good, clean, efficient with modern decor hotel. the staff were friendly and efficient and the hotel is in a central location on the Gran Via.The only advice to people staying here is to watch the prices in the rooftop terrace bar, a jack daniels and coke cost us 15 euros - a substantial shot of JD but still expensive for spirits - beer and wine is more reasonable.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>WomanTraveller
<Content>Trendy  I was in Madrid on business and wanted to stay one day longer to explore the city. I mainly chose this hotel based on its location and the fitness  spa facilities, as I wanted to treat myself to some pampering after the working week. When I arrived at the hotel on Friday afternoon, I was told that both the fitness room and the spa were closed. Naturally I was very disappointed and told them that this should have been mentioned on their website. After some complaining and begging they did eventually let me into the gym, but that was also a letdown as it consisted of one treadmill and one exercise bike. I suppose the Spanish idea of a gym is different from the English one. As I couldn't break into a sweat with the malfunctioning equipment, I eventually ended up going for a jog in the nearby Parque del Retiro in +28 C heat. It surely did the job.After a bad start I wasn't particularly impressed with the trendy room that had been furnished with Ikea-like furniture. I found it cheap and lacking in character, but that is just my personal opinion. The biblioteca downstairs looked nice though, but the restaurant I found a bit too dark. The hotel has a very good location as it is a walking distance from restaurants and shops. All in all, it wasn't too bad, but next time I will try something else.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>ArtistJames
<Content>Chic Madrid Refuge De Las Letras is a cool and peaceful retreat from the mighty beat of the big city. This is exactly the place you want to go to rest and recover during your site-seeing days in Madrid. LOCATION: Easy walk to Puerta del Sol and the Gran Via metro station, except I鈥檇 take a cab from the airport (28 E) if you鈥檙e carrying large bags due to the complicated maneuvers and many stairs. You are close enough to buy snacks and beverages at the Corte Ingles (or other neighborhood groceries) to enjoy in your room. ROOM: Spacious by European standards, quiet, clean, nice lay-out, attractive. We liked the washable duvet covers as they seemed more sanitary than the normal blanket or comforter. Nice extras in bathroom such as razors and toothbrushes. This hotel isn鈥檛 trying to be cool, it just is cool. We paid 105 E for our two twin bed 鈥渄ouble comfort鈥?room by booking months ahead of time--a great value for such a nice place. ROOM SERVICE: Good food, fast, fair price, speaketh little English鈥攐ur Spanish came in helpful here. Make sure you ask at check-in if you have breakfast included. We did, but didn鈥檛 know it. They probably thought it was funny that we ordered just one breakfast each morning to share, but it was actually enough for the two of us anyway. SERVICES: The Internet in our room was sketchy so we occasionally made use of one of the two free computers in the comfortable basement library; they worked well. BARS: The roof bar was lovely with wonderful views, but one evening we were met at the entrance by staff telling us it was closed for a 鈥減rivate party.鈥?The next morning we saw rows of Penelope Cruz鈥檚 new Mango clothing line coming down from the roof bar and wondered if she鈥檇 been there? I couldn鈥檛 get any staff to 鈥榝ess up. The regular bar on the main floor had a cold vibe with unfriendly staff, and some very strange Spanish tapas. We didn鈥檛 stick around.FRONT DESK: Professional, not-overly friendly, but efficient. SPA: We got a call that they were backed-up for our appointments and could we come a half hour late? Sure, we said. When we arrived, they told us to leave and wait in the library as they were running even further behind. Maybe there was a language barrier but it felt like we were being scolded and sent to the other room. Finally we got our massages鈥攐ne of my strangest ever. My treatment room was like a sauna and I had to get a lot more naked than I鈥檓 accustomed. (Maybe it鈥檚 an American thing?) My daughter had her massage in a curtained area of the semi-public Jacuzzi area. Half-way through our massages our masseuses switched places--no explanation offered. My massage itself wasn鈥檛 that good, either. (My daughter liked hers fine.)OVERALL: A great value if you book ahead, lovely rooms, good food. Just avoid the spa and the bar and all will be well.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Bartystix
<Content>Stylish but inconsistant service This hotel is located on the Gran Via, a very busy street in the centre of Madrid, bordering on the lively district of Chueca and a few minutes walk away from Sol.The hotel itself was furnished tastefully in a minimal style. It鈥檚 facilities included a bar, restaurant, library with two computers with internet access, a spa and rooftop terrace. The whole hotel was air conditioned, making it a pleasant place to spend time in the summer.The people on reception were very welcoming and friendly and a porter was available to take our bags. Unfortunately, we weren't able to say the same of the people at the spa, where we received a telling off for not reserving, due to the space restrictions, despite it being empty and being told by reception to just pop down when we wanted. It seemed like the spa and the hotel were at odds with eachother. After our bad start, it seemed as if our lack of advance notice was being punished by the cold shoulder. We weren鈥檛 shown what each of the spa facilities were for, how they should be used, that water and herbal tea was available, the sauna was switched off and despite being told by the reception that bathrobes were available, we received none, although there were towels in the lockers. The spa area itself consisted of a small pool with spa, shower, mist shower, plunge pool, Turkish bath and sauna. There where also loungers, which could be sectioned off using curtain screens. The curtains were also used to section off an area for beauty treatments/massages but unfortunately this also screens off one of the showers, rendering it out of use.The roof terrace was pleasant, although suffered from another bad tempered bar person and we left after one drink.Although we didn鈥檛 eat there for a main meal, we did have breakfast on one day, at a cost of 14Euros. The breakfast was buffet style with a wide variety of options, including, cooked food, cured and cooked hams and cheeses, cereals, sweet food. We booked a superior room, which was pleasant with a huge and comfortable double bed, sofa, foot stool, desk, CD player, plasma TV, very efficient air con, minibar and snacks. There was a pillow menu but no sign of the CD library that had been advertised. The TV had a few american channels and a number of pay per view channels. The room was very quiet and I could not hear any other guests or traffic noise inside. The balcony was very large but strangely only had one deckchair and a table and due to its location was quite noisy - although a quiet balcony would be difficult to find in Madrid!. Overall, this is a good hotel although it sometimes tries too hard to be stylish but forgets some practicalities and has the odd staff member with some customer service issues.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	2	4	

<Author>Devo18
<Content>Magnificence in Madrid With a quotation by Octavio Paz floating on our burnt orange walls, we were immersed in the true spirit of the Hotel de las Letras, which has quips from Spanish novelists and philosophers in every room and in every hallway. Smack dab in the middle of Madrid on the Gran Via, the hotel was perfectly located for our art attack tour of the city: Museo Thyssen, Museo de Prado, and the Queen Sofia museum which houses Guernica (back in Madrid, just as Picasso indicated in his will). Front staff booked a day tour for us to Toledo, and was very courteous and forthcoming with all manner of travel info. We walked everywhere, including dinners in various parts of the city, and always felt safe returning to our hotel after midnight.Our room had a king-size bed with a perfect mattress, crisp white linens, and an ultra mod bathroom complete with hip towel warmers, trough sink, and cool amenities. The only tricky part is negotiating the 1-volt LED mini-elevator that takes you and your luggage up to your floor, but even that was charming. This hotel is a must for Madrid!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ggtirevite
<Content>Fantastic stay Fantastic location, closest to Plaza del Sol and the Museo del Prado, but no more than a 15 min walk to Plaza Santa Anna and 20 to Plaza Mayor.Modern decor, the elevator only has a black light. The biblioteca, where you can use their internet-enabled computer for free, is in the basement. The hotel also has a bar (opened at night only) on the 7th floor, overlooking the Gran Via, and you can see a lot of the city from there. The breakfast was not included, but at 14 Euros per person, was not outrageous either.Our Superior room had a personal jacuzzi on the 6th floor. Great bathroom. Very comfy king-sized bed.We also stayed at the Catalonia Las Cortes, which we also loved, but this one was just a tinge better.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CorstorphineAnon
<Content>Superb hotel This is the third time we have stayed in this hotel, and for the third time it has been a brilliant stay. After spending a week in a villa near Segovia, we had 3 days showing the children Madrid itself. As we have 3 children, we booked a suite with its own terrace and jacuzzi - this didn't cost a lot more than a standard double (about 拢30 per night). It is well worth the extra, giving the whole family a private place to chill out and cool down in the heat of teh day.One very minor quibble is the hotel restuarant which we found OK, but expensize for what yout get. There are so many better value restaurant's all over the Madrid centre - not least the Galopin Sideria restaurant; which is about twent yards away, opposite the bar/restaurant entrance to the hotel.Apart from this very minot point, everything else about the hotel - the rooms, the roof terrace bar and the staff - is 5-star. Thoroughly recommend this place for a stay anytime of the year.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>believe57
<Content>Simply the Best This hotel is probably the best I have ever stayed in and certainly the best ever for a city break. As this was the third of a 3 stage holiday in Madrid  Sevilla, we chose to have one of the larger rooms. It was simply fantastic. This is an old building with loads of character but the interior has every modern convenience. It is very classy, great tv, big comfortable bed, large seetee, super bathroom. Beautiful, soft towels / bathrobes. Everything was spotless. The room had a big balcony with views up and down the Gran Via. Hotel overall was superb with free Internet, roof top terrace serving drinks in the early evening, a nice bar, and excellent breakfasts. We also broke the habits of a lifetime and ate in the hotel restaurant and it was very good.Can't finish without saying how nice and helpful the staff were.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HJPofi
<Content>Absolutely Fantastik Location Location and the friendliest people.What a great hotel. We had three rooms for 3 nights from the 15th of June through the 18th. OK, so the Real Madrid game was Sunday night and 500,000 screaming fans walked infront of the hotel all night. That's Madrid. I loved that part. We walked everywhere. the location is dead center on the Gran Via.Breakfasts were very good and the Best Mojito I ever had. No, not for breakfast. The rooms are spacious and very up to date. The price was very reasonable for a large city like Madrid. There is a reason this hotel is rated so highly. STAY HERE!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soulstreet
<Content>Stylish and contemporary with no attitude I spent a month traveling Spain and this was without a doubt my favorite hotel anywhere. The staff was helpful and friendly, the bar a nice spot to hang before going out to dinner and the library with internet access was a godsend. Chekhov printed on the bold red walls and a private deck for enjoying the morning sun. Fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Cely
<Content>Great Place I had a business trip on Tuesday and decided to fly early to Madrid to have extra time in the city. I booked a room at De Las Letras based on the reviews on TripAdvisor and was not disappointed. I arrived at the hotel at 10am and was surprised that I was shown to my room right way (which had been upgraded from a room with two twin beds to a room with a king size). The room and bathroom were both good sizes, the bed was marvoulous and I had to struggle to get myself out of bed, it was very quite in the hotel and my room. The only complaint I had was that the shower water would get very hot and then back to warm so I had to step away from the stream every 30 seconds are so. The receptionists were great and provided me with great directions and recommendations. The location of the hotel was also great, it was on a major street, and I was a bit worried as I read on a tour book that Gran Via was not recommended at night, but the staff assured me that it was quite safe and there were always people around. I was within walking distance to shopping, museums, and parks and was able to find great tapas bars along the way. I walked home at night alone at 1am and 3am and never had a problem or felt unsate. I would definitely recommend this hotel and am looking forward to coming back again! As a tip - I booked this hotel by emailing the hotel directly, I think that gives one better rates than the various travel sites out there that make commissions.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lurkeyme
<Content>Not Thrilled My husband booked this hotel based on the Tripadvisor ranking (it was not in any of the guidebooks and now we know why) for the last leg of our honeymoon for three nights in June. We've always had great experiences with Tripadvisor suggestions and this was the first deviation. Overall, the atmosphere and room were poor, the service was horrible, the attitude was intolerable and the location was not for us. Barely a 3-star hotel.Bad:Atmosphere - Can be described as wannabe trendy - superior than thou attitude with no style. We had just come from an excellent trendy hotel in Barcelona (Hotel Omm) and this place, unlike Omm, was rude and unappealing. Adding some vibrant wall color and Ikea furniture may impress some, but it's really only a cut above the Holiday Inn. Everything was old, wrinkled and slightly dusty. Neither my husband nor I liked the aura. Room was just ok and bathroom was small; shower poured water on the floor and there was no tub. Seemed to be populated mainly by not so attractive 40-somethings who like to feel superior. If you want trendy try the Urban, the Hotel Reina Victoria, the Puerta America or, for something in the same price range, the Roommate Alicia, all of which were in better locations. We also had a very good experience with a Hi-Tech hotel in another city booking through Tripadvisor and there were a couple of those hotels on the Gran Via.Service - Awful. Ostensibly a four-star hotel, right? Well, we called the front desk on our first day to ask how to make restaurants at Sant Celoni and Asiana, two of the nicest (and excellent btw) restaurants in town. They said they didn't know what those places were (!) and that if we had the number, we should call them ourselves. Mind you, my husband is a very polite native spanish speaker and we did not give them any reason to be rude to us. All of the members of the staff looked crotchety and reluctant to be there. Upon arrival, knowing that average dinner time in the city did not start until 8 or 9pm, we went to the restaurant at 6:30pm to see if we could get a bite anyway, it being a hotel restaurant. There were people eating in the restaurant and we asked the waitress if it was closed. She rudely replied But of course! and began whispering to the bartender as if we were stupid for asking that question. We thanked her and walked away. A couple hours later, we went to the rooftop terrace (not very impressive) to take a look at the view. The same waitress came up to us and said, Are you hotel guests? If not, I have to ask you to leave. We were dressed nicely and looked normal. My husband told her yes and she looked embarrased but by that time we were extremely soured on the place. Location - This is a matter of personal preference. The location on the Gran Via is like staying near Madison Square Garden in Midtown Manhattan: central to everything, but dirty, touristy, and shady at nght (or during the day, since the red-light district is nearby). The hotel had no security and anyone could walk up to the rooms. We would have preferred to stay further east, near the Prado (e.g., Westin Palace) or in the Salamanca district.Restaurant - expensive with mediocre food. Good:Maid service - very fast and responsive.Minibar - nice selection.Bed - did not have a crevace between the two twin beds pushed together to make a double, unlike most of the other hotels in Span (only the 5-star hotels had true queen/king beds). The beds were pushed together but it had a good topper.In sum, we would not stay here again. Might be ok for some who don't need service and really want to be on the Gran Via.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>lil_traveller66
<Content>Stylish and Cool We stayed here for a mid week city break and found the hotel excellent! The room was very funky and comfortable - fully equpped with mini bar, guide books etc. Bed was super size with lovely linen, and the bathroom was decked out with loads of quality complimentary toiletries!! We had a room with a little wrought iron balcony over the street and you can stand out there watching the bustle of madrid below, while having a drink.The hotel is very centrally located and it's bar on the ground floor is popular with non residents aswell.. Some of the rooms at the hotel have their own decked terraces complete with jacuzzi's! There is also a roof terrace bar but it wasn't open while we were there which was a shame.Would thouroughly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>bladeonholiday
<Content>Great hotel, great location I have stayed twice in this hotel and these are the reasons why: the helpful and friendly reception staff (who speak excellent English), nothing is too much trouble for them, the location bang on the Gran Via, in walking distance of everything you need to see in central Madrid, close to two metro stops Gran Via and Sevilla so you can use the metro from the airport, or if in a taxi it was literally 20 mins from the airport on a busy Friday lunch. The hotel is in a lovely old building, but the inside is ultra modern and hip, the rooms are big enough (for 2) and are well equipped with flat screen tv, cd player, fridge, sofa etc, plus the beds are comfortable. The bedroom has his and hers sinks and everying is provided (toothpaste, razor etc etc). Although our room faced on to the Gran Via we weren't bothered by the noise from the street at all in fact the hotel was very quite at night with no noise from other rooms. It has a great roof top bar and a really trendy bar that is open until 2am. I have read a bad review about the restaurant, well I have eaten in it once and the food was fine, but there are plenty of restaurants in Madrid which are probably better. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and when in Madrid I will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>rollingst0ne
<Content>Loved the hotel, but the restaurant was another story... We got some very cheap flights to Madrid, and on the strength of that I looked on Tripadvisor for a hotel better than I could usually afford - Las Letras had good reviews and was close enough to the places we wanted to visit. What was good? - Well, the room was lovely, very clean (and I am very fussy!); every facility, even a small sofa with footstool; well designed so that there was a lobby area with the wardrobe and bathroom and another door then thru to the bedroom, thus less noise from corridor; aircon - needed it; rooftop bar was one of the best features, it was a lovely place to have predinner drinks, cool breeze and views across the city; breakfast was great - huge selection including spanish omelette and local hams, as well as all the usual suspects; even found the little library in the basement, with internet access if needed; must also mention the reception staff who were fantastically helpful and friendly in every respect, nothing was too much trouble. The only thing that went very wrong for us was our meal in the restaurant on our last night - we thought it would be easier to stay at the hotel for the whole evening as we had our bags to carry, we could have drinks on the roof, then just go down to the restuarant. This was a big mistake. Soup was lukewarm, did not say anything as did not want to ruin last evening. Ordered fish with green salad and balsamic, and boiled new potatoes. What I got was some fish which managed to be overcooked but still almost cold, a small handful of salad leaves from a mixed bag with cheap olive oil on them, and FOUR cold chips! When I pointed out that the chips were cold, the waitress offered to have them 'warmed up'! Asked her to bring some hot ones, but by the time they came I had given up - the rest of the food was practically inedible anyway. No-one bothered to ask if the food was ok, the waitress just avoided us until we asked for the bill, then asked if we wanted to speak to the manager - well, no, but I would have loved to speak to the so-called chef! Others may have a different experience, and in fairness I would have to say that the bar snacks/tapas looked nicer than the meals we were served. I would just say, stay at this hotel by all means, it deserves its good reviews - but avoid the restaurant - except for breakfast I wouldn't eat there again if I was paid 拢100 to do so.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rushscoredone
<Content>Our expectations where high and Hotel de las Letras exceeded them My wife and I have just returned from a 4 day trip to Madrid. Our decision to stay in Hotel De las letras was predominantly based on the reviews on Trip Advisor and to say we were pleased with our choice is an understatement. From the moment we spotted the hotel's livery as we walked along the Grand Via it was obvious that the this was a premiere establishment. We were greeted by the friendly receptionist who was glad to humour our basic attempts at Spanish and ensured we were aware of all the hotel had to offer. We were left with the impression that nothing was too much trouble. The standard room was a good size and tastefully decorated, bathroom was excellent (liked the double sinks) and our view over the Grand Via was superb. And the soundproofing meant we enjoyed a good nights sleep while the madrilenos continued their festivites into the wee small hours. We didn't eat in the restaurant however did order room service and were not disappointed. Burger was practically a piece of steak and my wife tells me her risotto was exquisite. Bar was relaxed but a bit pricey but then you don't go on holiday to spend all your time in the hotel bar do you ?!All in all we loved the hotel and would recommend it to anybody looking for a well-located boutique hotel in this fantastic city  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>schippk
<Content>Sophisticated and comfortable Whenever I book a stylish hipster hotel Iike the de las Letras I worry that when the front desk sees a middle-aged couple not wearing Versace and lugging old suitcases through the lobby our reservation will suddenly be misplaced. Not to worry at this hotel. My husband and I arrived utterly exhausted and miserable after sprinting through Heathrow to catch our connection to Madrid. We discovered upon arrival that the above-mentioned old suitcases, being checked and therefore unable to sprint with us, were still in London. The front desk staff at the de las Letras listed patiently to my bad Spanish and responded politely in perfect English that our room was ready.The room was even better than it had looked on the hotel's website. Despite our less-than-glamorous appearance, my husband and I are interested in modern design and look forward to opportunities to see what's new and cutting-edge. In this the hotel did not disappoint. The sliding door to the bathroom was a solid piece of cobalt blue lucite. We had a flat-screen TV with a full range of satellite channels, including CNN and the BBC. The walls were a beautiful paprika color. The immaculate and surprisingly large bathroom was fully stocked with toiletries, including disposable razors. In addition to the usual what's going on in Madrid this week magazines, the room had a pocket design guide to the city showing where all the most stylish restaurants and shopping were to be found. The platform bed was comfortable, and everything was spotless. The room was small, but not unduly so considering the hotel is in an old building. The elevators were also quite small, but again no more so than is typical in Europe.The only thing we found strange was the lights: We initially thought that none were working, but discovered that you needed to slide the room's key card into a holder near the door to enable the electricity. We later learned this energy-saving feature (you can't leave the room with the lights on) was common in Spain.The hotel has a restaurant, but we did not eat there as the neighborhood is full of places to eat. I did use the library, as it has several Internet-connected computers set up for guests. I sent an e-mail to my family at home. Oddly, they received it two weeks later. I suspect the message was delayed at Heathrow.We never heard the slightest noise from any of the other rooms. The weather was unseasonably cold so we had the windows closed most of the time. However when we did open the French doors to our tiny (barely room to stand) balcony, there was plenty of noise from the bustling street below.The hotel's location is absolutely superb. It is on a main boulevard full of shops and restaurants. If you venture off to the side a few blocks behind the hotel you will come across what we called Hooker Street, but even that slightly seedy area wasn't that alarming compared to, say, the Tenderloin in San Francisco. The area immediately surrounding the hotel is fine. We took the roughly five-block walk to the Prado the day after we arrived. I advise against going to see Goya's Black Paintings and Heironymous Bosch's Garden of Earthly Delights when you have severe jet lag. Luckily for my frame of mind, we got back to the hotel just as the bellhops were carrying our luggage, delivered by the airline, up to our room. One thing happened while we were at the de las Letras that might have bothered some people: On our second night there, we discovered that a film set had been assembled in the street immediately below our room. A bank of klieg lights mounted on a crane was directly outside our window. We were fascinated by the milling scene of technicians and directors below us, (I kept peering out hoping to see Pedro Almodovar or Penelope Cruz) but having a movie filmed outside your hotel room is not everyone's cup of cafe con leche. There was almost no noise from the film set except briefly in the middle of the night, when my husband heard a sound and was lucky enough to make it to the balcony in time so see some sort of police chase scene being filmed. The klieg lights, however, shone brightly into our room all night. We had heavy drapes which helped, but I was glad I had an eye mask (never travel without one).At 118 Euros per night we thought this place was a spectaculary good value, especially since it is a designer hotel. Breakfast, as in most places in southern Europe, was not included and was an additional 7 Euros (about US$10 at the wretched exchange rate that was current during our trip) per person. Instead, we just went to one of the local cafes a couple of blocks from the hotel each morning and had coffee and the donunt-like churros (along with the equivalent of a couple of cigarettes seondhand as everybody smokes like fiends in Spain, including in restaurants) for about 2 Euros each.We absolutely loved this hotel and would go back in a hot minute.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>zayatz
<Content>Great room, great location, great restaurant We were very impressed by this hotel.The room was clean, roomy, and modern, with a large, flat screen TV, a stereo, small couch, and a safe.The bathroom was large, with lots of counter space (the bathtub was a bit slippery though, so be careful).Front desk staff members spoke excellent English and were always attentive and helpful.Didn't have dinner at the restaurant but had tapas at the bar, which were excellent! The mini hamburgers and the fried goat cheese with apple sauce were especially delicious.Metro station two short blocks away, and an inexpensive, late-night internet cafe right across the street . Went there every night to check email and always found an available computer.If it's in your budget, I definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>vbelisario
<Content>I loved it - Great Hotel       The Room  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eurotraveller21
<Content>cool, great location Stayed 2 nights in a superior room. Good sized spacious room, separate dressing area and good sized bathroom. Wooden floors and plenty of light. Staff all very friendly. Free wi-fi or cable internet. Good buffet breakfast with hot and cold items for 鈧?4 which is not bad for Madrid hotels. Very recommendable and good central location. Also great roof top bar with vies over whole city.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Patricia011
<Content>Stylish with substance This hotel is in an excellent location. We had booked a standard roomwhich was roomy and well equiped. The hotel sells itself as a stylish, modern affair and it is true to its word with quite clever design features in the bedroom. The fit out is not top of the range but reflects the room rate (above average, but not top dollar). The rooftop bar was not open when we arrived and I suspect it never was during our stay there. We used the Spa one day and it was a pleasantway to spend an hour. You have to book your slot though as only six people can use it at any one time.The food was above average and the downstairs bar was elegant with great music. A bit pricey but with free pour there isn't too much to complain about. The staff were helpful and we found the bar staff particularly pleasant and attentive.We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReluctantPeninsulan
<Content>Great value and location       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DELondon
<Content>Stylish but... We arrived at the Hotel De Las Letras in a torrential downpour and weren't impressed by the surly receptionist and extraordinary lack of help in finding a parking space for our car. i read somewhere that the hotel had an arrangement with a garage, but this proved not to be the case and we ended up spending over 100 euros to park the car for 4 days! Not good. The room was a Plus room (#613, in fact, on the 6th floor) and proved an excellent choice with a nice, large terrace with hot tub and actually well positioned to get the sun. The air-con was horrendously noisy so it was fortunate that it wasn't needed. The room also had a separate changing area which we liked a lot. Decor was stylish. The hi-fi in the room was a bit old fashioned with a cassette player and the TV had no DVD (movies were 'pay as you go'). The bar on the ground floor was busy ( smoky) most of the time and drinks were expensive (25 euros for two, admittedly generous, vodka  tonics). The restaurant (DL's) seemed good at producing bar snacks but the main courses we had weren't impressive. Breakfast catered for all tastes but was expensive at 15 euros. The gym in the basement proved to be a small room shared with spa staff with no air con and just a treadmill and bike. I used it twice but on the 3rd day was told I couldn't use it as they had a 'party of 10' in the spa and the gym equipment made too much noise. On the 4th day, I couldn't face sweating buckets in the 25 degree + heat of the room. The hotel advertises wi-fi but the connection to the outside world seemed to have dropped to a snail's pace so I had to pay extra (17 euros/day) to use an adjacent swisscom wi-fi connection. Overall, a stylish, modern hotel that we enjoyed staying in but felt some attention to detail wouldn't go amiss.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	2	3	1	

<Author>stevebrass
<Content>Great Location and great staff Stayed five nights. A super hotel. Staff are very friendly and and knowledegable. The bar is a nice area (but beware the smokers!).The restaurant has some interesting dishes well presented. The room service menu is good and reasonably priced and prompt.The only real thing missing is a pool, but there again you go to Madrid to see to sights.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SKYtrip
<Content>W Style Hotel for Fraction of the Price        Bathroom  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TxMLK
<Content>Great Place to Stay Stayed three nights at Las Letras mid-May. Location could not be better - short walk to Prado and nearby museums, many cafes right outside, Chueca just up the block. Hotel personnel booked restaurants and Flamenco show, were very helpful. Stayed in 513 - large king with five windows overlooking Gan Via and the cross street. Would stay again in a minute.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>habblet
<Content>Cool and comfy I found Madrid a difficult city to navigate but by the end of the weekend I decided that the hotel was in a great location (bar the few dodgy back streets nearby).On arrival we were shown a room at the front and whilst it had lovely windows, the traffic on Gran Via was just too much, so we asked to change (no problem). Consequently the room facing the inner part of the building was much, much quieter but also a great deal darker. It didn't matter much given that we just slept and watched tv in the room. And what a sleep...the bed had to be the comfiest hotel bed I have ever been in. And duvet instead of sheets..it always feels so much cleaner as no grubby blanket. All in, I was very impressed with the decor and cleanliness. Right down to the extra bits in the bathroom..the toothbrush came in very handy as our luggage got lost for 24hours+.The concierge were very helpful and for a short stay the hotel was comfortable and gave us what we wanted (free internet was invaluable).The negative bits were the amount of rain we had and booking a table at Lhardy...don't go there, what a ripoff!!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EBerrios
<Content>The Best, The Best, The Best, The Best This Hotel was a pleasant surprise after returning from our cruise for 12 days to the Mediterranean, we spent 5 nights from May 1st until yesterday May 6. My husband and I did some research over the internet and found this hotel...What a surprise, it was not over priced for it's PERFECT LOCATION, a clean, neat, very modern hotel, with perfect facilities, the rooms are big, huge bathroom, plasma tv, in the center of everything but with perfect insulation to avoid the noise, considering it's location. The staff on the front desk, the BEST EVER!!!, Very Knowledgable, always willing to help and recommend places, they took care of most the dining reservations for us (party of 4) , because we do not want to go to tourist places...we want to have the real deal of local food, we did not care for the price,,,we wanted the best...and they took care of everything.... My husband and I travel a lot....and we recommend this hotel and will stay in it when we come back to Madrid..they makeus feel at home..and that's what's all about. The Hotel has beenmarked as one of the highlights of our 25 days vacation.I walked the streets by myself to go shopping... and never felt insecure. This hotel is located in the exact middle of the Gran Via...can't get any better than that......The Royal Palace to the left.........El Prado Museum on the right......Plaza Mayor, Plaza Santa Ana behind......what else you can asked for????....If someone'sdare to criticize this hotel, should stay home and never go out on vacation!!!!...This is THE PLACE TO STAY!!!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarFreak
<Content>Wonderful - location, people, comfort Absolutely wonderful location! Right in the middle of historic Old Town. Most everything is a short walk away. Very nicely remodeled interior, very modern. Room  bathroom was very large by European standards. Well insulated from road noise (5th floor overlooking Gran Via). Very clean, comfortable, and nice service-people. Highly recommend!!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>claudes40
<Content>beautiful As far as those design hotels go, this one is a wonderful one. First of all, very well located, in the central madrid. Then, a very nice building, 19 century, i guess, refurbished. At last the style: modern, in a good way. Everything is beautiful, from the bar and dining room, to the terrace we had with our room. The place has a weakness: the fitness room, very small ( only one machine!) but you can run to the parc retiro, very close. As good a place for week end, then for working.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>manuselk
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed in the De Las Letras for a short break. It's a nice hotel, very modern and cool decor, comfortable bed, and very clean. The library is a nice feature. The rooms are not huge, but big enough for a city centre hotel. The hotel is very well situated, within walking distance of all the main sights of central Madrid (except the Bernabeu stadium, which is easily reached by metro). On the other side of the Gran Via, the main road on which the hotel is located, there is quite a trendy nightlife area, with some good, and cheap, restaurants.Madrid as a city isn't one you fall in love with immediately, it takes a couple of days to get your bearings and learn to appreciate it. Once you have done that there is loads to do. One really weird thing is the way the red light district merges seemlessly into the main shopping area of central Madrid, the idea of going to choose your bridal gown with a host of prostitutes standing in the doorway is a bit unusual, but can be seen in Madrid!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SarahandPaolo
<Content>Great hotel My partner and I booked this hotel for a long weekend and were very pleased with our choice. It's in a great location - you can walk to a lot of the sights or there are two underground stations nearby. The hotel has been beautifully renovated and our room was large with a lovely high ceiling and balcony. The bedroom furniture does resemble a Habitat showroom but the bed was extremely comfortable and we couldn't fault anything else.The staff on reception were friendly and helpful. We did visit the spa and the gentleman who runs it could do with some customer service training but the spa itself was fantastic - just what you need to relax after a day's sightseeing.We gave breakfast a miss as you can eat at a local cafe at less than half the price (and have a lie-in!). We didn't try the bar or restaurant either as we prefer to try out local eateries.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Quinnsam
<Content>Cool Hotel This was a really good hotel - and I have stayed in a few. Very good modern design but retaining the original features. Very clean and very comfortable - good beds, towel gowns, generous bathroom fripperies etc. Worth paying extra for the de luxe rooms (one rung up from the standard, which seems to give you a bigger room on the corner of the building). It IS a bit noisy on the Gran Via but the sound proofing is good and the backgtround noise is not too intrusive. Actually watching life on the Gran Via from the room balcony can be entertaining. The lounge doubles as a popular bar and can be rather noisy - beaty sort of music - but the food here is really excellent - as is the restaurant. I didn't unfortunately use the gym/spa. Friendly staff who speak good English. I really enjoyed the stay - I did find Madrid difficult to manage (very big city) but the hotel was good.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>VP1London
<Content>Great hotel We had a long weekend at De Las Letras and were thoroughly impressed. Our room was large, clean and with everything you could need - including a terrific roof terrace with jacuzzi. Try and get a room on the 6th floor if possible. Above all it was quiet - don't be put off by the central location - once we shut the windows there was no noise. Staff were friendly and unfussy (check in and out took 2 minutes). We didn't use the spa facilites. Agree with some previous comments about the bar - staff were too slow and unhelpful, but there are loads of other places to have a drink nearby (it's very close to the trendy Chueca district). Another tip - have breakfast in your room. It costs the same, you get more and the hotel breakfast room is quite small.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boston8368
<Content>Simply Trendy We stayed at Hotel de las Letras last January and were very pleased. A frequent traveler, I am also very picky when it comes to hotels. Our room was spacious, bright and clean and even had an outdoor hot tub on our very own private balcony. Unfortunately, the door to the balcony was stuck and we didn't bother asking for someone fix it so we didn't take full advantage of all the room had to offer...The bar was relaxed, but buzzing all day- a nice place to meet people or have a quick drink before heading out. Locationwise, the hotel is very central. Will definitely be staying there again...Do beware...the beds are on wheels.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sloucher
<Content>Lived up to the hype Hotel De las Letras lived up to its billing, nd more. We had two, 3-day stays bookending a week in Costa del Sol, and loved the hotel. The location is perfect for tourists, right in the heart of Bourbon Madrid, an easy walk to major attractions like Museo Prado, Palacio Real and Plaza Mayor.The rooms were large, airy and well furnished, with an incredibly comfortable bed and pillows. The bathroom was modern and spacious, lacking a bidet but making up for it with a large tub/shower. Plenty of storage space was provided, though there are no dressers or drawers - everything goes into the large closets. The staff was friendly and helpful, and our rooms were ready for us when we arrived from our trans-Atlantic flight at 10:30 am.Other visitors had noted that the location was noisy, but neither of the rooms we had [numbers 301 and 511] gave us any problems. The elevators are a bit funky, with lights that dim to a blue glow when the doors close. Room lighting could be improved a bit, but that's about our only complaint. We loved it and would highly recommend the Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travitin
<Content>Stylish hotel in the heart of the action This hotel is great and in a fantastic location among lots of bars and restaurants. It is stylishly designed, the rooms are spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was very large and well lit with a great shower. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel bar was always busy and lively. The only potential problem would be the noise from the road although this wasn't a problem for us as it was too cold to have the door/window open.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>B&TLondon
<Content>Great location, but maybe too trendy for its own good We stayed for a long weekend and found the hotel perfectly located - it's within easy walking distance of the art galleries, the tapas bars in Plaza Santa Ana/Calle Huertas, the Opera House and Plaza Mayor, and the clubs and restaurants in Chueca. We had a room with a hot tub, and really enjoyed sitting in the tub at midnight staring at the moon and stars. The room was comfortable, although the casters on the bed meant that it often disconcertingly moved during the night! Bathroom was well equipped but far too dark.The relentless trendiness of the place might put some off - the lift is too dark to see the buttons, and the staff in the restaurant are too cool to bother with efficient service. The bar is at its best in the late afternoon/early evening when the atmosphere is calm and relaxed. Later on it becomes very noisy and offputting, and there is no attempt to make hotel guests feel welcome, find them seating and ensure they have drinks - it is as though they are doing you a favour by allowing you in, rather than trying to keep your business by providing good service.Overall I probably would stay here again because of the location.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>brazilianwanderlust
<Content>Substance over Style It's one of those design or boutique hotels, call it as you like it, but it's a rare case where style does not come before substance. First of all, it does not cost you an arm and a leg. Actually, I was able to book it for a very, very good price over their chain's website. I wouldn't have been able to get a hotel room near Heathrow for the price I paid here. Service is excellent but not posh or posey. The room I got was enormous and the bathroom was also excellent. The hotel restaurant was very good also with very good prices. Worth mentioning that the hotel is just steps to the Metro and don't forget that in Madrid you can get from the airport to the city by metro for one euro! Also close to everything you probably want to do in Madrid, especially the nightlife.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ianewestt
<Content>A good hotel in a good location Bedrooms and public areas are modern and stylish, even if style does occasionally overtake practicality a little in the bedrooms. Staff are very friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast is good but the other restaurant food, which has a heavy oriental influence, is less impressive. The popular bar does a useful range of snacks, however. The location is very convenient for the Metro all the city centre attractions and the Madrid Vision tour buses stop right across the road. By UK standards, well worth the price.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>els62
<Content>Superb....Shame About The Traffic Noise Spent three nights at Hotel de las Letras. Superb superior room (507)and bathroom. Spacious and comfortable. Huge windows with great view of building opposite with fabulous terrace and tower.Only one complaint is the lack of sound-proofing. The windows need (thicker?) double-glazing. The noise from the traffic was far from muffled! And the room was not over-looking the Gran V铆a. With a hotelof this category and price and recently refurbished, more attention should have been paid to this point. The restaurant and bar served excellent food and the service was excellent. All in all, though, I can highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>molly9
<Content>Falls short of the mark Myself and my husband have just returned from spending 3 nights in this hotel. As the other reviewers say, the renovation of the hotel is lovely with great attention to detail, however, I thought a few things let it down.1. we booked a plus room, which is supposed to give you terrace/balcony with incredible views. We got a lovely large room (611), with a great bathroom (2 sinks), bath and seperate shower. However the balcony was small, about 8ft by 8ft, surrounded by minimum 8ft hight walls - in other words, no view, and no sun2. The shower in the bathroom scalded us every 18 seconds! The cold water would turn off for about 5 seconds or so, and then turn back on - its just bad in a hotel of this calibre3. The heating did not work in our room on the first night and it was cold - the duvet was extremely thin - the following day we got 2 extra blankets and the AC fixed, so that was sorted4. The bar closes at 12.30 - officially 1am, but the surly barman would not take orders past 12.305. No coffee making facilities, iron or comp water in the room - there is a mini bar however.6. The hotel to my mind is very focussed on rooms and does not offer much extra - there is a library and a spa (locked when I went to investigate). The bar on the roof was never open when we were there.On the plus side, great location, nice towels and bathrobes too. Very clean, our sheets were changed every day. Would I go back? No, I'd try another hotel in the same area.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Paul Pritchard
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location I agree with all the other positive reviews on Trip advisor.This hotel is great for a romantic weekend. I would suggest it best fits 20 - 50 age group ( I am 40). The dim lighting would be a problem if I was visiting on business or staying more than a couple of days.Staff on front desk were courteous and spoke good english. Staff in the bar were a bit hit and miss (avoid it at busy times if you don't want to wait to be served).I did not eat in the hotel or use spa / upstairs bar.The bed was huge and very comfortable. Bathroom was very nice with huge sink and mirror.All in All I had a very good experience at the de las Letras  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nige and Jane
<Content>A gem We spent 2 nights covering 3 rooms and 2 age generations ( ourselves and 21 year old sons and their partners ). Our universal view was superb location, stylish and comfortable rooms and particularly attractive bar which because of the relaxed ambience, pleasant staff and reasonable prices was full constantly ( in a positive way with no intrusive noise around the rest of the hotel ). The building is a successful conversion from traditional to modern without losing its forner charm, and all of the staff we met were exceptionally helpful and friendly ( by city centre standards amazingly so ). Nice rooftop bar and internet/ library in basement. An outstanding hotel in a prime location.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerTM
<Content>Style over substance. We stayed in this hotel for a week in March 2007. The hotel is very stylish and aspiring interior designers would love this hotel very much and the location of the hotel is very very good. I can however not agree with all the raving reviews of this hotel. I have travelled quite a bit and have to say that I found a few things that I would like to mention as a 鈥渃ounterweight鈥?to all the good reviews. The room was smallish with no view. The bed was below average at best, also the bed in our double room was actually 2 beds put next to each other which makes that annoying ridge in the middle. Also the beds were on wheels which make the bed move all the time. The hotel staff (cleaners, restaurant and bar) were not customer service minded at all and they all looked and acted like they rather be somewhere else. (I would like to mention that this does not include the reception staff as they where helpful). And to top it of the food in the hotel restaurant was not very nice. I would definitely go back to Madrid but I would choose a different hotel this time.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	2	3	

<Author>SenorCharlie
<Content>Liked the dark de las letras My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in early March 2007. The location is excellent, you can walk almost everywhere and the metro is 2 minutes walk. Very comfortable room but very dark as we asked for a quiet room and this meant inside with no view. The lighting was only just sufficient. A room with a view and more light would mean being on Gran Via, very noisy. Friendly staff, comfortable bed, clean room, we would certainly return. We didn't try the restaurant. We went to the bar but it was very badly run, had to make a fuss to get served. One poor waiter looking after the whole room while half a dozen staff behind the bar running around like headless chickens. A stylish bar nevertheless but needs a proper manager.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dinomacak70
<Content>Great central hotel....            
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solario
<Content>Excellent Location, My wife and I (50 years old) spent a weekend at Las Letras Hotel.We found the staff at the reception exceptionally professional, friendly and courtious. The outside of the building is beautifully sculpted and well restored. We stayed in a regular room and did not upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi, nor to one with a balcony.The hotel is located directly on Gran Via which is one of the busiest streets in Madrid and we saw no use of stepping out onto a balcony to watch the trafic jam and smell the exhaust fumes. A whirlpool in the basement can be used free of charge by hotel guests so bring a bathing suit. The water however was warm at best. There is also one treadmill and an excercise bike in a room that's a bit gloomy with a low ceiling. The Spa staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are in a modern design style. We found it to be very clean, functional. The room's designer lights are meant to create an atmosphere, not to read by so don't expect to finish your novel there. Reception on English language TV stations was not great but Spanish TV was perfect. Our first night (Friday) was very restful. On Saturday night there was a private party in a reception room and I heard the thumping of the techno beat all night long which managed to rattle my skull even though I tried sleeping with earplugs on. Doors slammed all night long as party-goers came and went into the Madrid Movida. You might request a high floor to avoid the party noise. We did not try the restaurant which did good business but was a bit too trendy for us old folks. The location is terrific - a 15 minute walk from the Prado, 5 minutes to Sol. I would recommend this hotel especially if you wish to spend a weekend is a great location, benefit from friendly staff and contemplate poetry written on the walls.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonSingapore
<Content>Excellent Great value for money. The location is very convenient. The room we had faced the interior court so was very quiet. The bathroom is large and spotless. We found the evening reception staff more helpful and welcoming. The morning crowd was a bit stressed. Would stay there again at any time.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mr.Bunnyman
<Content>Loved it, recommend it to all! This is a terrific hotel, well deserving of trip advisor #1 rating. We stayed here for 5 days in the middle of a 7 week tour of europe. My wife and I travel to europe each year, and this was at the top of our list of places to return. The rooms are spacious, quiet, floor length doors to small private balcony overlooking the street, well insulated from outside noise. Bathrooms are awesome, well stocked, exceptionally clean, with great showers and lots of hot water!The hotel is well appointed, beautifully decorated, new, stylish, and in a perfect location whether staying the night or a week. (No, we do not own stock in the place!) Beautiful common rooms, great spa, a wonderful place to come back to after a day of work, god forbid, or pleasure. Very close to the metro, really easy access from the airport.Service? After a discussion about Spanish wines with one of the very helpful people at the front desk, i was astounded the next day to find a bottle of wine in our room, a personal gift from a very wonderful and helpful woman (again thank you!) Maps provided, suggestions made and outlined on the maps, ideas, things not to miss, a very helpful and attentive staff.Spain, for those that do not know, is a smoking country, and Madrid is a smoking capitol. It is very difficult to find restaurants without smoking, and again, the staff were very helpful in this regard. The restaurant in the hotel is excellent, and in line with Madrid prices.It is difficult for me to understand some of the previous complaints about this hotel. I think that sometimes people might just stay home and quit giving the rest of us English speaking people such bad names.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Billrover
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed at this hotel for a weekend break in January. The hotel is well located on the Gran Via, although just around the corner is where the prostitutes hang around. The hotel room was fine and the bathroom was excellent. There are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. We had a 4th floor room overlooking the Gran Via and didn't find it particularly noisy. The lighting throughout the hotel is modern with purple flourescent lighting, this makes the lift feel a liitle weird. The breakfast was OK but nothing special. The bar gets busy at night and can become a bit smoky. We do about 6 city breaks a year and we were very disappointed with Madrid and rate it way below Barcelona and Seville, although we did find a couple of excellent restaurants close to the Playa Major.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Pitlafrit
<Content>Perfect We just come back from a stay in the Hotel Las Letras of Madrid, member of the Design Hotel.Overall opinion is: excellent hotel. The hotel is pretty well located right in the center of Madrid and next to a subway station (200m, it takes 25 min from the airport by subway). We have been pretty lucky to be upgraded to a superior room with a terasse. The rooms are very clean and well decorated in a very contemporary design style. The bed is very large and confortable.The documentation that you can find in the room is very usefull and well realised.The morning buffet is excellent and all the personel is very kind.One of the best hotel I ever visited in this category. For those who like actual design decoration it is the place where to go in Madrid  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobby_zamorascores
<Content>Excellent as other reviews state We stayed in a deluxe room for four nights with our nine month baby. Although the jacuzzi on the balcony seemed to be a bonus. Everything was prepared for our arrival and there were lots of small touches which were thoughful such as special tolietry packs for the small one . Breakfast was fine and had an excellent choice . One moan as is often the case, it was difficult extracting any coffee in the morning from the waiter especially if you like three /four cups in the morning like meIRoom was very cleean , tastefully furnished. Lighting is a bit dark but you get used to it and it adds to the fun of staying here. Bar is very lively - could not spend much time here as too much smoke for the baby. We did not use the hotel restuarant but if staying here do use La Gloria de Montera 50m away - excellent value great atnosphere good food.Location - could not be better in Madrid, near to metro, shops, many restuarants and walking distance to most attractions - fantastic. By choosing this hotel it added signifiacntly to our enjoyment of Madrid.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Leeds_Visitor
<Content>Average standard, poor service and Beware of Theft scam in Madrid We stayed in this hotel between 19th and 20th January 2007 for the short weekend break in Madrid. It is about 15 miles away from the Barajas airport, costing us 30 euros on Taxi fare to get there, no stopping space outside. When we stopped, there was a bus right on the back side of the Taxi, the Taxi driver protested to the bus driver and had to squeeze in to get our luggage. It is on a very busy main street. The entrance is small and not very prominent; the reception area is tiny and not at all impressive although the receptionist was efficient with a good understanding of English, the checking in was without any problem. We had a double room on the 5th floor, the lift was dark with very dim blue light. The room was very dark with red wall and little lighting just as other Trip Adviser members had previously described. Room was very average with two single beds pushed together to make up a double bed although we asked for a double bed. The beds were comfortable with light quilts and good pillows. We asked for a quiet room and were put in a room at the back without any view to the streets and could hardly see any day light, but it was reasonably quiet. The room was too warm and the air conditioning was very noisy, you just could not leave the air conditioning on to have a good night sleep. We arrived late on Friday, and decided to eat in the Hotel rather than venture out into town. The restaurant is right next to the Lounge where people smoke; as a non-smoker, it was very uncomfortable. The menu was very limited and pricy, the portions were extremely tiny, both my wife and I are light eaters, but we were just astonished as how little we got and still felt very hungry on our first night. You get exactly what you asked for without any dressing or anything else with it, we had to order side orders, even the sauce is extra. I do not recommended the hotel restaurant at all, the service were extremely poor. The breakfast was very average with very limited choice for 14 euros each, again you are better off eating out. The hotel was clean but the room facilities were average for a 4 star hotel, no tea/coffee making facility either. The only positive side of this hotel is the location, very central in Madrid with easy access to the major attraction and a short uphill walk to the Gran Via Metro. In summary, I do not recommend this hotel, and give it 2.5 out of 5. We travel around 6 times a year and I still favour the American chain hotels such as Hilton, Marriott and Sheraton where they have so far kept up with their high standards.Getting around in central Madrid was easy with a two-day Metro tourist travel pass that also allow you to travel to the airport, costing both of us just less than 14 euros. We used the Metro on the way back to the airport, but if you have a lot of luggage, I would recommend a Taxi; there were a lot of steps going up and down with two line changes and no seat at busy time. We also went on the Madrid Vision tour bus, but very disappointed with it. We had to wait for a long time for the bus to arrive, at many stopping points; people queued for a long time just to be told that they could not get on because there was not enough space on the bus. There were too few buses running.Beware of Madrid hustlers and theft scam!I was tricked in Madrid and lost 140 Euros as a result. I was approached by a Middle Eastern looking man dressed as a tourist with camera hanging at the front and a map pretending to ask me for direction and made friend with me. He then showed me a foreign note and said he was interested in seeing a small nomination Pound note. I was stupid enough to do as he said and took my wallet out, as soon as he saw my euros, he then quickly took all my euros out from my wallet and said wanting to feel the watermark on these notes and asked me some stupid questions at the same time about the exchange rate to distract me. He kept rubbing these notes and at the same time secretly took 7 of my 20Euro notes without me knowing. He then put my notes back into my wallet and left, as soon as I turned around his accomplice holding a map came over to ask me to show him where he was on the map to distract me from checking my wallet. By the time I realised the scam, and checked my wallet, 7 out of my 10 20-euro notes had gone and the tricksters were long gone. I just could not believe I could be so stupid and foolish to fall into this trap. Perhaps I was over-friendly and being too helpful. This is a very hard lesson to learn and be very careful in Madrid, NEVER NEVER show your wallet to a stranger. And walk away if you are approached by strangers, I would rather be rude than suffering losses again. This had really ruined our holiday.In comparison, we preferred Barcelona than Madrid, Barcelona has more in character, and more tourist attractions which suited us much better, Madrid is just another capital city.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catherine19
<Content>Loved De Las Letras We stayed at De Las Letras for 3 nights in between Christmas and New Year and loved it.The hotel is very modern with lots of unusual touches. The bedrooms had plenty of room and the bathroom was amazing. The free toiletries were very nice too. The beds and pillows were very comfy.The location of the hotel is on the Gran Via, which is perfect for exploring the centre of madrid.The lighting in the room was dim, but this didnt bother us at all as bathroom light was perfect for doing make up etc.Stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jvr1980
<Content>very good but could be better I found the hotel to be very good - the rooms and hotel as a whole are very modern and stylishly designed, and there is an upmarket feel to the whole place.The staff are friendly too for the most part, and the breakfast buffet is good. I didnt eat in the restuarant for lunch or dinner.The bar is quite popular, but expensive by Madrid standards. IT closes very early - no late nights here.My negative points about the place would centre around the lack of light in the bedrooms and the unclear information as regards the facilities in the hotel. For example, the hotel literature boasts about CD and pillow menus, but it's a bit unclear how to avail of these, and the information about the spa facilities and how to use them is also a bit sketchy. There appears to be a bit of style over substance in this respect. That said, these were very small points in what was an overwhelmingly positive experience, and for location and design I would definetely recommend it. It's good value for money too.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JJOR
<Content>Great location The hotel is in a great location. The rooms are very clean. The bathroom were clean  modern, The negatives: Bathrooms had little privacy - with only a loose sliding door. Agree with a previous posting - very poorly lit .Concierge - poor for recommendations... sent us down to a very dodgy area one night in search of a restaraunt. Another night sent us to another very poor restaraunt. All in all would stay again for location alone.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>pasadenaCA
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, great location, BAD service This is a beautiful design hotel in a great part of town. Ideal location with shopping and great restaurants near by. Problem is...it's not a service oriented hotel. And, if you need a concierge this is not the place for you. There's no concierge and the staff does not speak much English. So, if you're a first timer to Madrid and you need assistants setting reservations and making plans, I'd stay somewhere else.The restaurant...is fine. The menu was a bit limited, but tasty. Again the service is not very good. I ate there twice, both times I had to ask for the check 4 times. Rooms...Beautiful modern design. Nice bathrooms. We stayed in the winter, so the air conditioning is either turned off or at a set temperature. I had trouble sleeping because the room was hot. To cool down the room, we had to open the window. It worked but the street noise is very loud.Overall...I liked the hotel. I was very disappointed in the service. I think they could step it up a few notches in that regard.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>The_Sheridans
<Content>Great hotel but give the restaurant a miss Stayed at this hotel for New Year and had a great time. Location is central - walking distance or short metro ride to all main attractions. Standard room was spotless with a flat screen tv, cd/cassette/radio player, sofa, big comfy bed with a choice of pillows. Reception staff couldn't have been more helpful with making restaurant reservations etc. The library in the basement was a nice touch with comfy sofas and two computers with free internet access (if you take your own laptop, there is free wireless access throughout the hotel). The only things that let this hotel down was the appalling service in the lounge bar - one evening we had to ask for coffee and the bill four times and waited over an hour for the privilege! Also the restaurant, despite being well designed with an imaginative menu, the food was awful. When we complained that our meal was cold, the plate was whisked away then returned to us after having spent about 30 seconds in the microwave - not only still cold but dried up at the edges to boot! And the lift was weird - very dim blue lights that made you look decidedly cadaverous!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>SashaNY
<Content>Liked it. Pros: Excellent location. Clean, modern rooms. Beautiful bathroom. Nice lounge downstairs. Spa with jacuzzi. Tasteful design.Cons: Gym is next to non-existent (2 treadmills). Stuff is often unhelpful. English version of the restaurant menu does not match the Spanish one. NEVER order stuffed rack of beef. Overall: will stay there again on my next trip to Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>Family-C-L
<Content>Design boutique hotel This hotel is very modern and designy, and the location is excellent (right in the center of the city, next to the subway station). Our room faced the street with a balcony, but there was no noise. Both the bedroom and the bathroom were clean, large, and stylishly decorated. All the amenities were there: shampoo, conditioner, toothbrush, shaver, cotton swabs, etc. The front desk staff spoke excellent English and were all very helpful. The breakfast buffet was very good with a diverse selection of cold and warm food. The only complaint we have of the property is that during one day of our stay, something was wrong with the hotel's boiler and there was no hot water in the entire building for the whole day! Since it was a cold weekend, it was very unpleasant to take a cold shower as one can imagine. Anyway, this was hopefully just an one-off case. Overall I would return to this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Regdor
<Content>We liked it! We stayed 4 nights in Standard room. It had 2 seater sofa for resting Prado weary feet. As others say the rooms have dim lights and dark walls but the bathroom was fine. Strangely the lift is very dark with only violet lights! The corridors are very light and airy, much better than most hotels, so i guess it is all down to personal taste.The bar area is very good for coffee and snacks as well as drinks and seems very popular with locals. Try the tart Tatin with ice cream. As ever though it is VERY dark. No chance of reading the books that are used as decor. We went down to the nice library when we wanted to get some peace and quiet.The restaurant is a strange mix of Japan meets Heston Blumenthal, since a main course can be had for about 拢10(12 euro) and wine is 2.50E a glass it is great value and well worth a try.Back to the room, the bathroom has two sinks but no bidet, the fittings are works of art but the overbath shower though powerful does not have a thermostat so watch the hot water tap. An odd omission when so much has been spent on the fittings. Electric towel rail.Good linen and fluffy towels were changed daily.As well as the mini bar also a box of Duchy biscuits and goodies for sale. Free newspaper.Pillows too flat for my taste.Roof terrace fab but not much use in December.Room 314 overlooks the Grand Via, which is 6 lanes of traffic 24hrs a day, when the police pass the junction they blip their sirens yes 24hrs a day. Some poor traffic cop stands for hours at the junction blowing his whistle, it is very entertaining watching his matador like performance. If you need peace and quiet to sleep i suggest you request a quiet room at the back. The view will not match the beautiful view we had as it will overlook a back street .Along the street opposite the restaurant entrance are several restaurants and bars, it looks a bit dark and scruffy but do give them a try. We found the bar half way along on the left good for coffee and pastry in the morning, very clean.We would go back again if the price is right.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JJRJ
<Content>Nice hotel, convenient location Hotel was nice enough, very friendly staff, and VERY nice bathroom. However, both the bedroom and the bathroom were very dimly lit. Makeup mirror with light in bathroom helped.Location was excellent, within walking distance of the Prado. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTravel101
<Content>Nice Hotel but don't think it deserves #1 ranking. My husband and I stayed here 3 days in a DDL room with hot tub and enjoyed the hotel. The rooms are very nicely done, high quality sheets and very clean.On our first day, I noticed that we were missing our TV remote control, the bathroom light on the make-up mirror was out and the towel warmer was not working. I had to called twice. And, only received the TV remote but never got anywhere with the other two. Not big things but the bathroom is fairly dark and needed the makeup mirror. Was very disappointed with the service level.Staff very nice. One other thing to note is that if you have a car and trying to drop off luggage, the hotel doesn't have a parking area and right in front of the hotel is a bus lane. So, you have run quickly to get luggage inside hotel!Nice location.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mach42
<Content>Nice hotel, but overhyped Stayed here for 3 nights with partner in one of the DLL rooms with our own hot tub outside. Location is perfect, with Sol 10 mins in one direction, and Chueca 5 mins in the other. Room was nice, though not as big as I expected - possibly the outdoor area is considered as part of the square footage for the room, but apart from the hot tub its not much use in the winter! Hot tub was excellent though.Bathroom was also excellent, probably the most impressive feature, and the road noise wasn't an issue with the windows closed. Breakfast was fine but nothing to get too excited about, and we were a little disappointed with a meal in the restaurant. Staff were friendly and efficient and despite being neither hip nor trendy we didn't feel out of place.All in all we found it a good hotel to stay in and would stay again, but wouldn't feel it justified the hype found in some of the other reviews.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RDPUK
<Content>Nice yet a little overrated Nice boutique hotel in a great location, very original decor and decent size rooms (though overall lacking light due top very dim lighting throughout the entire hotel. Great bathroom with very high quality toiletries. Food is fairly good, but room service menu a little limited. Business centre only consists of two PCs, with no printing facilities. On the plus side is the free wireless internet connection which was`very fast and always on. Overall a nice enough hotel but I failed to see why all the hype around it and found it hard to believe it is ranked #1 hotel in Madrid on tripadvisor.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>iamnotanoun
<Content>Great Hotel       Stairwell at Las Letras  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grache
<Content>Cool hotel for a weekend in Madrid My wife and I stayed hear in late October for a weekend away without the kids. I booked it having read the reviews on TripAdvisor and wasn't disappointed. It is very centrally located for everything. 10 mins walk to Plaza de Santa Ana where the nightlife is and an similar distance to the museums. The open-top tourist bus also passes by the door.It is quite hip and trendy and whilst we used to be, we didn't feel out of place as the other guests were quite mixed. Rooms are quite spacious for a big city and the bed was v. comfortable. Take a Spanish translation book to decipher the quotes on the bedroom walls or you will drive yourself mad trying to guess. The bar is good with reasonably priced tapas and salads and the roof terrace looked great, althought due to the time of year the bar was not opened when we went up (even thought it was an unseasonable 25 centigrade). Would definitely stay here again and would recommend to anyone else.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>McKaye
<Content>Liked it a lot Very nice design hotel in a superb location. The subway is just 100m away. Bars and restaurants are right on the doorstep (try the area opposite Gran Via). Check-In and Checkout went smooth, the room was nice with wooden floors, plasmaTV and high ceilings. The bar is pricey, breakfast was nice, but not great. Getting coffee for breakfast was quite an effort... If you like coffee-refills get one of the upper tables near the aisle, not the ones down on the buffet.Overall I liked the hotel a lot and would not hesistate to stay there again. Beware of taxi scam on airport transfers. We payed 40鈧?for the taxiride from the airport, where we should have paid 20鈧?as we learned later.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mel.w
<Content>Can't really fault it... Just back after our first visit to Madrid. Again, as others have, we chose the hotel based upon 'Tripadvisor' reviews. The hotel fully met our expectations. Firstly, its location is directly on Gran Via, which, as its name implies, is one of the main roads in Madrid. It is a busy road, but this noise never caused a problem for us. We were it has to be said though, on the 5th floor, and towards the rear of the hotel. The hotel is within a short 5 minute walk to 2 metro stations, and many restaurants /bars / shops are close at hand. We stayed in one of their 'Plus' rooms - which were basically a little larger, and had a small terrace which could be accessed via the large french doors from the room. The room itself was spacious, with a sofa, large bed, and a desk. Nice wooden parquet flooring.Bathroom was more than adequate, and came with lots toiletries- even spare razors,toothbrushes etc, if needed.Roms have individually controlled air con too. Overall, the hotel was clean, well presented. There is a small spa area in the basement of the hotel.Staff very helpful and friendly - we asked about getting train tickets for a day trip to Toledo (well worth it -but book a day ahead if poss, as you have to queue for tickets, and the trains to Toledo get full ) and they gave us a guide to the town, plus the train times too! Although we only ate breakfast at the hotel, the restaurant section was good, as was the food. Standard contintental breakfast of meats, cheese, breads and fruit etc.The bar area was great- stylish, and obviously not just used by tourists, which is always a good sign, although prices a little on the steep side, but that's the norm for hotel bars I guess.Overall, without wishing to rave on - I cannot really fault the hotel at all. We would definately return to Madrid, and I would be more than happy to stay at the De Las Letras again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bob1949
<Content>Good hotel but why all the hype? There is no doubt that 'de las letras' is a chic hotel but rather too trendy. The location is excellent, a short walk from the main areas and the metro is a short stroll away. Lifts, rooms and the bar are all dimly lit and the trendy colours are a little too much, particularly if you get dark red with only spotlights for company! The bathroom was large and modern with a wide range of accessories. My wife was very frustrated by the lack of a full length mirror in the room and commented that putting makeup on in the fairly dim bathroom with the mirror making you look two metres away was a challenge. The bar was pricey but the young glamorous folk filled it every night yet the restaurant was almost empty. We booked one of the standard rooms which looked into a central small courtyard - this added to the darkness but meant a peaceful night's sleep once the windows were closed despite being in the centre of the city. If coming from the airport don't bother with a taxi, take the metro. Once you get your head around the routes and colours it is very easy and airport to the hotel cost about 40p. We took a day trip to Segovia, worth seeing but be prepared for a 2 hour train journey each way with trains running every two hours. The city bus tour is worth doing to get an overview of the city but we only booked a one day ticket, using the metro for the second day to get around else you are stuck with the circular route of the tour bus. All in all a pleasant stay at 'de las letras' but if returning to Madrid we would probably try a more traditional hotel - that's probably just our age!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>MarkSn
<Content>Chic hotel, great location Picked this hotel after reading recommendations on Trip Advisor. We were not let down, it really is a very nice boutique hotel. The rooms were a good size and stylishly furnished and decorated. The bar (also doubled as a resturant - but we did not eat there) was a nice moody venue for an early evening drink. We take 6 or 7 city breaks a year to enable us to get away from the pressures of running a business. Madrid is a fantastic place (our best city break yet) if you are looking for a chill out time with your other half i.e eating, drinking and unwinding this hotel will enhance your feel good experience. Our ony gripe with the hotel was the traffic noise, our room was at the front of the hotel overlooking Grand Via. With this in mind it may be worth asking for a room at the back of the hotel . Though noisy we would definately book this hotel when we go back next year.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>FingersR
<Content>Excellent We stayed here for 3 nights in October - we booked solely on the reviews on this site and we very impressed. Great room, (very good sound proofing with the busy road outside), lovely bathroom. Very funky. The bar was excellent and drinks very reasonably priced for a hotel in this part of town.Very recommended!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Parkin01
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I booked at stay at the hotel between 5 and 8 Oct.Unfortunately when we arrived, the hotel advised us that our room had been double booked and we would have to stay in its sister hotel - Bauza for one night. Needless to say, we weren't overly impressed given that I had booked our room nearly three months before. However, the hotel did pay for a taxi to and from the Bauza and the alternative hotel was very nice. Therefore, the only real problem was the inconvenience.When we arrived back at the De Las Letras the next day, the reception staff couldnt have been more helpful and we were advised that we had been upgraded to a room with a roof terrace.The rooms are fantastic - there was a little hallway which leads into the bedroom which was very spacious and the bathroom was a funky red colour with two sinks and an unconventional sliding door! The terrace is a nice touch although we didn't really use it as we were out and about so much.The breakfasts offer a good selection - although it could be set out better as the food is all over the place - including on the window ledges and you have to walk round a few times before you spot everything which is on offer!! And the waiting staff could be a bit more friendly.The bar area is very nice and reasonably priced for a hotel. The terrace bar is also a nice touch - although we didn't actually drink there - but plenty of people seemed to be coming to the hotel specifically to drink there.The only downside to our room was that it was quite noisy. However, the hotel is situated on Gran Via and we had expected this.As others have said, the location of the hotel is fantastic - it is right in the centre of Madrid with everything on the doorstep. We got the Metro from the airport directly to Gran Via station - you have to change twice but its not too much hassle and its so cheap you cant really complain. I would recommend that people buy a 10 trip ticket as it only costs 6 euros and we used it between us.We had several good meals out in Madrid - Finca de Susana near Santa Ana serves good food at cheap prices - but get there when it opens at 8.30 (especially at weekends) or you won't get a table. We also went to Thai Gardens near Serrano which is more expensive but is in a lovely setting for a romantic meal.. Finally I would recommend Lateral for afternoon tapas which is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel.Overall we enjoyed ouy stay at the hotel and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dbarbarapit
<Content>Great choice We stayed at this great hotel with another couple for 2 nights beginning Oct 1st of this year. We all loved it! The location was great (right around the corner from Santa Ana Square....where all of the night life is), and the hotel staff was helpful (they spoke excellent English). We will definitely stay there next time.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>otto-uk
<Content>Everything they say about this hotel is True !! Just returned from a long weekend with group of friends at the De Las Letras. We selected this hotel specifically based on the reviews we found on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed in any way.Superb Central location, walking distance to all the major sites, with helpful and very friendly staff. Facilities in the hotel excellent, and kept to a very high standard.Some noise from rooms overlooking Grand Via, but Hey !, what do you expect in a city centre. This was certainly not obstrusive, and greatly muffled at night by effective glazing and thick curtains.No disturbing noises from people moving around the hotel.We had one slight query on arrival as to whether breakfast was included or not, but the overall deal was so good that we could not really argue. And anyway they only charged us for 2 of the four we had, so we called it quits. Breakfast by the way has an excellent choice, and well able to feed you up until a good Madrid style lunch !!!Taxi from Airport was just over 20 Euros - for 4 people with luggage. Worth it if only to avoid coping with the luggage on public transport.Excellent bus services around the city, with standard fare of 1 Euro for any journey. Great way to see more of the city, rather than the inside of a Metro train.. Also excellent value on the Madrid Vision tour bus.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pdmc70
<Content>great hotel-excellent location Booked this hotel for a brief 1 night stopver in Madrid after reading the reviews on here. Once again Tripadvisor proves its worth, the rooms were spacious, clean and stylish - the bar area was really laid back and a good spot to enjoy a few drinks - i had a quick look at the roof terrace in the morning and the rooms with private terraces with jacuzzis, i'll defintely be back for one of these rooms.The staff were very friendly and helpful.I was only there for about 12 hours in total, but am looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Sara77
<Content>Fab hotel, funky design! Stayed with partner at the Hotel de las Letras for 3 nights end of Sept/beginning of October.Without going into too much detail I would reiterate all the positive comments already attributed to this hotel.We were upgraded on arrival to a room on the 5th floor with a lovely wooden terrace. Room was spacious, contemporary without being overly fussy. Large sinks, lovely toiletries and a roomy bath. The basement spa area was well designed and very relaxing at the end of a long day walking.Loved the bar, the bar staff were excellent - really friendly and great at giving us advice as to the best bars and clubs! The same goes for the reception staff who were equally helpful.Bar snacks were tasty and reasonably priced. Breakfast was pretty good but too expensive for what you get to be honest. Didn't eat in restaurant but, again, looked good with a varied menu.Only one small issue - the low level lighting in the bedroom and bathroom, although fitting with the ambience, is a little too dark at times (e.g. getting good light for makeup is tricky!).Would stay again!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbo
<Content>Very nice Hotel Just spent a couple of nights in d l letras. Agree with everyone that it is lovely hotel with very friendly reception staff in great location. Had a DL's room which has its own jacussi on balcony - very nice to come back to after walking around city. Only thing that shocked me ( and I'm not tight ) was the 29 euros they charge for two vodka and tonics on the rooftop terrace. A bit to excessive I think !!Worth trying out the japanese sushi / tapas in main bar - very nice and reasonably priced - just dont have a vodka and tonic to go with it !!!I found cheapest price for our room on their own website - epoque hotels.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tripmonster
<Content>Buzzing city!          Wlak in shower and separate bath  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>stinkiusminkius
<Content>Excellent hotel all round Stayed here for 3 nights in Sept 2006. We had a standard room on 2nd floor, and it was very clean, and a decent size. Good modern decor. Free safe included. TV with various channels. Mini balcony over side street. Big comfy bed. Superb location in the middle of everything, with a Madrid Vision bus stop directly opposite (very handy). Noisy cars all round the hotel, but with the balcony window shut, the noise wasnt an issue. Nice bar downstairs, and lovely terrace bar on roof. Very helpful staff at the front desk - even managed to get us 2 tickets for Real Madrid at short notice. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>xgirlgo
<Content>Excellent Chic Hotel at a Great Price in Madrid Highly recommend this great hotel - wonderful spacious rooms with comfortable bed. Free hi speed wifi in the room (with no problems) Spacious bathroom with tub, well designed - very reasonably priced  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holidays99
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and was very impressed. The staff were helpful and spoke excellent english. The location of the hotel is fantastic, easy walking distance to museums and other major attractions.We stayed in the standard room on the second floor which was nice. Our room had twin beds pushed together which was the only downside. We also used the Metro which we found to be really efficient and easy to follow.If you like modern boutique hotels, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Les_vacances
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at Las Letras for a weekend in August, the hotel is in a good central location and has been recently refurbished to a very high standard, all the mod cons you would expect from a 5* hotel. I was impressed with the rooms and they were excellent value for money, we paid 拢60 per night for a lovely room with balcony looking out onto a quiet back road. Breakfast was not included but you could pay extra for it. Staff were friendly and all spoke English (unlike the rest of the citizens - the language barrier was a problem for us). We ate in the hotel restuarant one evening and although the food was good, it did not match up to our expectations so I'd give it a miss. There is a lovely roof terrace with a bar which is worth a visit though. We chose this hotel because of the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed, however for various reasons we wouldn't go back to Madrid - there are so many other wonderful European cities I'd chose before Madrid.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kawti
<Content>Great modern hotel I stayed at Hotel de Las Letras over the August Bank Holiday. It was my first time in Madrid and had booked the hotel after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. I'm very glad I did as I had a fabulous experience. The staff was very helpful, the room was clean, modern (yet not cold), and the tapas and drinks at the adjoining bar were yummy. Only minor rant I have is that they informed me the time breakfast was served but neglected to tell me it was not included in my room rate. And that the spa wasn't open during my stay :( Nonetheless, I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>anna9999
<Content>Excellent value Stayed here for 3 nights with my husband in Aug. Booked a superior king room for 120 euros/nt. Was pleasantly surprised when we walked into our room for the first time. The room was large. It's like a one bedroom apartment enough to sleep 4 minus the kitchen. It has 3 balconies (1 in the bathroom) where you could walk out and watch the traffic below plus 2 huge windows. Traffic does get noisy at times since hotel is in a central location but after a long day walk around Madrid, we slept just fine. The king bed was very comfortable with standard and body pillows. Bathroom was huge with plush towels, robes and slippers. Toiletries replenished and room cleaned daily. Staff was courteous and helpful as well.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cosmos22
<Content>Nice experience in Madrid! We are Portuguese, a couple with our son, 15 yo. We've stayed at Hotel de Las Letras for four nights, from August 31st to September 3rd. The Hotel has a central location at Gran Via, just a 5-10 minute walk from major Department Stores, like El Corte Ingl茅s, and shops. The staff were very helpful.We were given a large room, with a king size bed, and on a separate area, an extra bed for our son. It has two plasma tv's and even a sound system! The walls are decorated with quotes from famous writers.The bathroom had a bathtub and a convenient separate shower area.The bar at this Hotel was very pleasant, with large windows to the street. The only negative aspect were its lifts, extremely dark, with black lights, where you could barely see other persons in them. It must be a nightmare if you are ever stuck on one of them, and we've complained about it to the Reception staff.Anyway, apart from that, it has been a nice experience in Madrid and we will definitely consider it in the future.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>pwt
<Content>Fantastic hotel at an unbelievable price Got this hotel at a bargain price of 拢65 per night! Not sure if that was because it was August in Madrid, but everything was open and if this was off-season, we had a great time without having to queue or fight the crowds so I'd recommend it.The hotel itself was lovely - big, airy room, spotlessly clean, excellent location (though we did get a bit of traffic noise at night but not enough to stop us sleeping soundly) and full of character. We really liked the old staircase and it was such a shame they hadn't been able to keep the old lift working. This was all a fascinating contrast to the ultra modern restaurant and reception areas - all very well put together. The meal we had in the restaurant was also good and there were plenty of other food options in the vicinity - from the ubiquitous Starbucks to local tapas bars.Staff were very friendly and helpful - even managed to sort out tickets for the Real Madrid game at very short notice after a mix up with the reservations department. Can't recommend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rabbit75
<Content>Fantastic       Our room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FFC1
<Content>Superb Just returned from a weekend break and like previous reviews can not fault this lovely hotel.Superb location, trendy rooms and a lovely roof top terrace bar, excellent during the day and evening.Would happily recommend to anyone planning a short stay in Madrid. Lots to see and the Open Roof Bus Tour is a must to get round the city where you can hope on and off at numerous points around the city. Football fans must also do a tour of the Bernabau Stadium. One of the best stadium tours around.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelsmurf
<Content>Great location and service! I booked this weekend as a package deal with lastminute.com. The location was great, just a stone's throw from Plaza Santa Ana and Plaza Mayor, and the metro was just around the corner. The service was superb; concierge was very helpful in making reservations for us for a flamenco show.The room was also very cute, a lot bigger than I thought. My only complaint would be the beds...they were two twin beds, with wheels, so whenever me and my boyfriend would make any movement, the beds would separate into what I called two islands. I would recommend a room with one queen/king sized, but that is what we got w/ the package deal.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jim6irl
<Content>Modern city hotel After coming from a very small but quaint hotel room in Sevilla, it was such a relief to come to De las Letras and enjoy a superior (triple) room with lots of space and creature comforts such as bathrobes, slippers, heated towel rack and a separate bath tub and shower. it is a very modern hotel recently built, the location is central and the service is good.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AnonymousTravellers
<Content>Great hotel, nice location, helpful staff We stayed here on a trip that included Paris and Rome, and this was by far the best hotel. Spacious rooms with an art-deco theme that takes a little getting used to. Poetry on the walls, and a particularly appropriate poem about stairs near the elevator. The staff was very helpful. There weren't enough attendants at the buffet breakfast to maintain the food trays and pour coffee/tea. Even though this was on the Gran Via once we closed the doors to the balcony of our 2d floor room outside noise was imperceptible. We used train/metro from the airport and only had a one block walk. All in all, this is a superb hotel in a central location.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Brilliant! Found the hotel staff to be extremely helpful, recommending good restaurants close by, things to do and see and were very pleasant. The rooms are very trendy and modern and plasma TVs are a nice touch. Even the upmarket toiletries provided were top class. The breakfast was well above average. Not often you get freshly squeezed orange for breakfast, and such a large variety of foods on offer. No room for lunch! Hard to believe it's not a five-star hotel. Found the location to be central and only a five minute walk to museums, galleries and shops. Mucho gracias!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel. OK location. It was a nice enough hotel, we thought the poetry on the walls was a nice touch. But in the end it may have been a little too modern for our tastes. Also, it is located right on the Gran Via, a very crowded street and there isn't a tremendous choice of nearby restaurants. I could see where luxury travekers would want to stay here but we probably would have been more at home closer to the museums - which were a 5-minute metro ride away. The staff was friendly, just not the type of location we were used to.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Midsummer Airconditioned Kool We found this hotel on tripadvisor[-] website and it was a gem. De Las Letras, is a design hotel - so kool, no obvious star rating (4* probably). The letters theme done to a tee, stencilled quotes all over walls in many languages, books everywhere, staff, tall bronzed Olympians so fashionable they hardly bother to speak and half smiled in a vaguely reassuring, non-threatening sort of way. Or it may have been implausibly sincere deference. We had a great room overlooking the Gran Via with a glass encased balcony, and totally minimalist d茅cor. Bar had see-through furniture and the lounge armchairs were mini rocking chairs with undercarriages like wings of Wright bothers' planes; no place for long tailed cats. Cooking was suitably nouvelle with Spanish twist and all well composed and prepared. Even the elevators were impeccably lit with soft ultraviolet light. Muzak playing all the time from jazz to USA hits of the 60's and best of all a collection of the Stones' early B-sides! It鈥檚 reasonably priced and within walking distance of all the downtown attractions. Airconditioning perfect with 39 deg outside.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Escritor
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel I had a superior room that was good-sized and nicely appointed with one of the most comfortable king beds I ever slept in. Cost was a little steep at 190 euros but met a couple staying in one of the standard rooms and they were a little less satisfied. The location is very good and the front desk was always pleasant and helpful. Free internet was a plus and the adjoining restaurant was good. Definitely would recommend.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel at an amazing price       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macscot
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Great hotel in a perfect locationRooms very hip and modern, great bathrooms .Although on the Gran Via the hotel is blissfully quiet.Has a nice roof top garden if you just want to relax and enjoy the sun  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lifestyletraveler
<Content>Charming hotel De Las Letras is a beautiful and charming hotel. I stayed in a superior room which was large with two sinks, separate shower and bath, sitting area and work desk. It also had a glassed balcony facing the Gran Via Street, but noise was effectively kept out. The interior design is typically Spanish and no thrill but colorful and comfortable. Service at front desk was poor and slow. Breakfast service was very efficient and courteous. The buffet breakfast was above average and I enjoyed it very much. It had a big classy selection. The most wonderful thing that the hotel did was to surprise me after a long day out on the town with a perfectly shaken cocktail served in my room. It knocked on the door and a waitress presented a tray with a thermos holding the most lovely cocktail. I will never forget this.I also saw a few other room types, standard room and room with terrace and jacuzzi. If I stayed again I would most definitely go for a terrace room with jacuzzi. The value for money is pretty good even for those room types.Pros+ Drink served in room+ very good breakfast buffetCons- poor service at front desk  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class Have to agree with previous reviewer from Sydney and thanks to all reviewers of this hotel. Took your recommendations as had never been to Madrid before. Staff excellent, restaurant first class (only critisism would be slow to take drinks order but small detail). Room excellent with small balconey overlooking the road. Great sound proofing as no noise from traffic. Wireless throughout is a great service but does mean the bar is full of browsers!! Also took the one day bus trip - MadridVision? - which was excellent if you want to see the sights within a limited time and great value for money.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spqsydney
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed here last week. I have stayed before at the 5* Westin Hotel Palace but it has now priced itself beyond my company travel budget so I checked Trip Advisor and this was #1 in Madrid. As usual, Tripadvisor was bang on the money - this hotel was just awesome.I could afford to upgrade and still be within my company travel policy so I paid Euro 194 for a beautiful room (room 610) which had a magnificent view of the Gran Via, was really large, had a great bathroom plus broadband included. All and all it was perfect. I find the service in Spain to be fairly indifferent but this hotel had consistently the nicest service I have in that country.The only thing it doesn't have is a big lobby so if this is important, stay somewhere else.The location on the Gran Via was excellent, right next to the trendy Chueca district and 10 minutes walk to all the sights and 2 minutes to the Gran Via metro station.The hotel is funky and the cool restaurant and room service menu reflect this - I had beautiful raspberry gazpacho and caramelized apple and goats cheese salad and the prices were reasonable for room service - certainly a lot cheaper than the Westin Palace.All in all this hotel is a great deal and I would choose to stay here over the Westin Palace, even if I could afford to stay at that hotel (which was also a very nice hotel). Thank you Tripadvisor for the great recommendation!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Treat! My husband and I just returned from a great stay at De Las Letras Hotel. We got a room with a balcony and a jacuzzi! The room was modern, spacios (a treat when in Europe) and had an amazing bathroom (again spacious!). This a hotel I would recommend to anyone. I was thinking of staying at the Intercontinental, I didn't want to risk it in Europe, however this hotel surpassed all expectations. I think it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at, the staff is very amicable, not uptight, the breakfast has great variety to it, there's even a gym (which I didn't get to see) but in case you need it. The restaurant is full of fashionable people, good for people watching! Overall, don't think about it twice, it's a great experience.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic...! If you are going to Madrid, De las Letras must be the the perfect choice.Fantastic atmosphere, clean, perfect locacion . Nice comfortable designed rooms. Very serviceminded staff. Delicious breakfeast and a trendy crowded bar.Thank you so much My best recomendation and I will be back!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daisyuk
<Content>Great Hotel I took my daughter to Madrid for the weekend for her 21st birthday, we booked a standard room for her and the next grade for us. I was impressed with my daughter's room and was a bit disappointed with mine as it only seemed to be a bit bigger, then I opened the curtains and jumped with joy. There in front of me was a huge wooden terrace with a sunken jacuzzi., it was fantastic. One thing that amazed me is that although the road below was very busy you could not hear this in our room. We had breakfast included, which consisted of, fresh fruit, cereals, cold meats, pastries, egg, bacon and sausages. We booked directly with the hotel as we found that they gave us the best rate. The only thing I found was that the bed was a bit hard for my liking and that we didn't have any information about the hotel in our room, with breakfast times in, check out times and all that sort of thing. The staff on the desk were extremely helpful.A separate issue is I would not recommend eating in the hotel restaurant, there are plenty of places near by. Our meal was very disappointing. They brought us bread which we did not ask for and therefore presumed it was complimentary. They charged us for 4 lots of bread which upset me as I am a coeliac and cannot eat bread.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>serandreica'pisani
<Content>such a lovely place! I was again at 'de las letras' last week for a business trip (my first time ws last august when it was just opened) and must say that it is a great place to stay in madrid. it is on the gran via, in a very central area and conveniently located for those who like to have a nice run in the nearby park.the room was comfortable and very clean, the staff incredibly helpful and friendly, breakfast absolutely amazing. in the evening, the first night going back to my room I found a flower on the bed, the second a box containing a cute teddy bear, the last one a big candy...which really gives the idea of how accurate and attentive is the service there! wi-fi in the rooms, but if you do not have your own computer, the chance to use one of the two laptops downstairs in the library (for free). I work in the hotel business and not even I will use 'de las letras' again, but I will recommend it to all people who will ask for a suggestion.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karakalpak
<Content>very friendly staff My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in April whilst attending a conference. The room was great and they immediately changed the duvet for a thin coverlet when asked. The staff were all very friendly and helpful with directions and booking restaurants. The hotel bar was generally busy with locals. The bar prices were very reasonable and the snacks were excellent.We had read that the metro was 500m away but it is more like 200-300. We found an excellent restaurant nearby called Sama Sama.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>emmie_2006
<Content>Hotel De Las Letras Lived it, Loved it!!!!!!! If you are staying in Madrid then you must choose Hotel De Las Letras for your stay. It has an excellent restaurant and bar lounge which is opened to the public and adds to the ambience. Unfortunately the spa area of the hotel wasn't available but I'm sure if it had it would have been an excellent experience. The rooms are beautifully designed have a mini bar, tv and cd player which came in very handy. The only complaint for the ladies is that because of the low level lighting in the bathroom you cannot see how much makeup you have applied and consequently end up looking like a clown. A previous review had mentioned that the reception staff were unfriendly we didn't find that to be the case at all. On arrival they were very friendly and gave us a local map to get around and also pointed out places to try. So all in all this hotel musn't be overlooked if you want a central (located on Gran Via), enjoyable place to stay!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little gem! Have just returned from a week-end in Madrid, staying at the Hotel De Las Letras. This hotel is lovely! If you like contemporary  stylish surroundings, spotlessly clean bedrooms, fab bathrooms, attentive staff and great food......this is the place for you. It's also in a great position for sightseeing and within walking distance of Calle Serrano (great shopping). There are shops closer to the hotel but they are mostly the usual major ones (Zara, HM, Benetton etc). It's worth walking up Calle Serrano and going off down the little side streets, where there are some lovely Spanish shoe/handbag/clothes shops. Great city, can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mightymail
<Content>This place is AWESOME !!       View out the door towards our private terrace and jacuzzi!! (under the blue cover)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay in Madrid My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 8 nights. Beatifully restored building, all new rooms, clean and very comfortable bed. Very helpful staf and the hotel manager seems to always be around and very helpfull. Location is great, close to everything without being in the middle of everything. We would highly recommend this hotel for your visit to Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love De las Letras Hotel madrid We stayed in this beautiful hotel where people are really friendly, food is delicious ... everything is wonderfull ! Situated right in the middle ... perfect! We will remember this hotel !!! CARPE DIEM !  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great central position My husband and I stayed at the Hotel for 4 nights in March 2006. It is very well situated for visiting all the major attractions of Madrid and a brilliant open top bus tour stops immediately outside the entrance. Reception staff very friendly and helpful, booking us a restaurant/flamenco night out and advising us of kick off time of Real Madrid football game! We found the room very comfortable and, with the windows shut, were not aware of any great noise from the Gran Via below. The bathroom was great - good range of toiletries available and lovely big soft towels! However, ran out of toilet paper and this wasn't replaced - but quickly sent more to room when requested. I think the only thing that would have made our stay there even better was if there had been tea/coffee making facilities in the room, as we needed our early morning caffeine fix on waking up! All in all, great hotel and would stay there again if visiting Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dotful
<Content>Trendy and Generally Comfortable in Good Location I stayed in a standard room in this new hotel, and generally agree with most points made by other reviewers. The location is excellent. Definitely at the more attractive end of the sometimes tacky Gran Via, and within easy walking distance of everything you might want to see - from the Prado and Thyssen Bornemisza museums to the trendy Chueca district, smart shopping in the Salamanca area and, in the other direction, the Plaza Mayor (which I'm not mad about) and the Opera/Royal Palace (a nice area, with a great cafe, the Del Oriente).My room was easily spacious enough for one person and good value at 130 Euros,including very good breakfast. They also showed me some superior rooms (not the ones on the top floor), of which the one described as 'triple' would have been well worth upgrading to if I'd come with my husband.  I liked the bathroom (and personally much prefer the delicious smelling French liquid soap to a boring old bar). The bed was lowish but comfortable. I liked the literary extracts (Bunuel in my case) on the walls. I take the point made about no central light but found this no great drawback. The room faced the back, not the Gran Via, and was very quiet.There were just a few things which stop me giving this hotel a complete rave review. I'd asked for a non-smoking room but wasn't given one - obviously I could have asked for a change, but I was very tired and the slight smell of smoke disappeared very quickly. Still,I think a 4-star hotel shouldn't make such basic mistakes. Also, during a cold weekend, there were some problems in getting the heating to operate properly - though the staff were keen to resolve these. And one day there were no toilet rolls in the bathroom - again, speedily put right by the staff, but still ... Lastly, the spa - which I should think is an attractive feature - was out of action. Perhaps these are teething troubles as the hotel is new.I didn't eat in the restaurant at dinner as I like to go out. I did, though, enjoy the drinks and innovative nibbles in the trendy bar, which is very popular with non-residents - including, apparently, the gilded youth of Madrid. This gives it a lively, funky atmosphere, though the cigarette/cigar smoke might put some people off. And because it is so popular I had to wait a while to find a seat and get served. Despite these downsides, I personally preferred it to a conventional,soulless hotel bar.There are good places to eat in easy range - including in Chueca - though (as in many places in Europe) most are closed on Sundays. I asked the reception for recommendations on Sunday evening but they only suggested a pricey tourist-trap type shellfish place near the other, seedier, end of the Gran Via, at which I took one look and moved on. Perhaps it's unreasonable to ask for restaurant recommendations when the hotel has its own, and perhaps the young reception staff, though helpful, are still a little inexperienced.All in all a good, different (though not perfect) base in a great location.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lola_loveridge
<Content>Fabulous! Excellent Value!            
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RachelHove
<Content>couldn't be better! my husband and i stayed for 2 nights at the hotel on a weekend break - it is perfect for this as so close to anywhere you might want to go. the hotel is very well designed, being funky and modern but also comfortable. worth upgrading to a 'plus' room with terrace, which was roomy and private with views over the city rooftops. in contrast to another review i found it very quiet and heard no traffic noise at all.the staff were very helpful with any requests we made, the breakfast was superb and the hotel really was excellent value considering the prices of some others. it was refreshing to go somewhere which doesn't vastly overcharge for food and drinks - even the minibar charges seemed reasonable!would go back again any day, can't recommend it highly enough. have a great time if you go!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bertiedog
<Content>Trendy but dark! The hotel lobby is most unusual in that it is small and gaunt. The staff seemed relatively inexperienced and not particularly knowledgable, for example, about the locality and trains. The towels and bedlinen were excellent but there was no top-lighting which made the bedroom persistantly dark. The ultra modern sliding bathroom partition door was rickety and poorly designed. The absence of conventional soap bars in favour of trendy small containers of liquid soap was less than wonderful. Street noise through the closed windows was audible and sometimes intrusive even in the early hours but this may be the price for a convenient central position. We enjoyed the cocktail lounge which was trendy but comfortable, attracting colourful outside visitors who added to the atmosphere. The restaurant could be reached not only through the hotel but from another street corner entrance which, again,attracted outside custom for breakfasts and dinners. The dinners were beautifully prepared and good wines reasonably priced; breakfasts were well above average.The restaurant staff were delightful which helped to create an uplifting ambience; we dined there four out of our five nights. In summary we enjoyed our stay but the hotel side could benefit from some more managerial attention to detail.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4415777, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marczz
<Content>New, clean, Great bathrooms, linens and excellent breakfast       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous price/value relationship!   showReview(4349661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chris75
<Content>Average hotel   showReview(4254911, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Skippy-Roo
<Content>Best hotel by far   showReview(4252629, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shiv06
<Content>Great hotel, highly recommended   showReview(4152316, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennclinger
<Content>Highly recommended!   showReview(4092270, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>demone714
<Content>we loved this hotel!!! would def stay again   showReview(4049889, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Soflalimey
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4003124, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wily_filipino
<Content>i'd live here if i could       wobbly photo of the staircase  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eltito
<Content>tratando a los empleados como una mierda   showReview(22701968, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaoloJ
<Content>Quasi una esperienza newyorkese   showReview(20586765, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un excellent choix   showReview(20552532, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gusAthisMons91200
<Content>tr茅s bien mais...   showReview(20138075, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>盲u脽erst empfehlenswert   showReview(19633396, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>argual
<Content>mala suerte?   showReview(18834252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	-1	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation excellente, confort et discr茅tion attentive du personnel   showReview(19633395, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(18535154, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beurteilung Las Letras   showReview(18535153, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TB   showReview(17430714, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sch枚n eingerichtetes Hotel mit super Restaurant   showReview(17430712, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Ambiente in super Lage   showReview(16605724, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehme Wohnmaschine mit kleinen Fehlern   showReview(16605721, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage, stylish, aber eben Gran Via   showReview(16605723, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Las Letras   showReview(16605720, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s tr猫s bien mais pas top   showReview(16605717, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller !   showReview(16605716, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'茅tait super !   showReview(16605719, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES BON CHOIX   showReview(16605718, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>celeste013
<Content>H么tel design bien situ茅...mais   showReview(14545038, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel au centre de Madrid   showReview(14731432, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Magnifique h么tel   showReview(13983932, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orus64
<Content>Da consigliare!!!!!       Esterno  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 : bon point de d茅part pour visiter la ville   showReview(13193252, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unbedingt empfehlenswert   showReview(13193251, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzen-Hotel   showReview(11663167, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designerhotel mit perfekter Lage im Zentrum von Madrid   showReview(11663165, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mariabel_7
<Content>decepcionante   showReview(8605273, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel   showReview(11491413, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel grand confort   showReview(11419425, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yolandakike
<Content>Moderno, actual y con encanto   showReview(7329298, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>LoisMadrid
<Content>El jacuzzi es un timo   showReview(6809361, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	2	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Tschudo
<Content>Concepto interesante - mala ejecuci贸n   showReview(6766598, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	-1	1	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(11390155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>deco int茅rieur tr猫s sympa et emplacement central   showReview(11386350, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello!   showReview(11386349, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel !   showReview(11379879, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nicolasg
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel !   showReview(6162185, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La r茅f茅rence 脿 Madrid   showReview(11350314, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel en plein centre   showReview(11332017, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>canido
<Content>An excellent choice (una elecci贸n excelente)   showReview(5203710, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci ritornerei x un'altra vacanza   showReview(11330290, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mpougeard
<Content>Un TR脠S bon hotel   showReview(4987577, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

