<Author>chouchou777
<Content>BE Careful Hotel was OK, had problem with room, lack of water (Hot  Cold) also had small ant infestation. Hotel opened up resources to outsiders on weekends, so you spent your time waiting to be served or dodging children in pools. Also observed staff taking cutlery from one dining table which just finished and placing it on another, not too hygenic, made sure to wash utensils before using.Hotel and staff very pleasant. Hotel was rated when I went as a 4 Star, to me it is 2 Star at best.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>j_and_v_vacations
<Content>Great time at the Royal My husband and I (28 and 29 y/o) just returned from a week-long stay at the Royal Catalonia (December 18-25). We had a great time and would not hesitate to recommend the resort to our friends.BEACH: The beach is not long, but is picturesque. Water is shallow and because of the location there are not too many waves. The week that we were there (mid-December), there was quite a bit of wind, so there was some seaweed in the water and some washed ashore. Nonetheless, it was not something that bothered us much. We snorkeled right off the beach everyday on the very right (Royal) and very left (non-Royal) sides of the beach, just past the buoys. Bring some bread with you and you鈥檒l see even more colorful fish. POOL: Nice and quiet on the royal side. You are always able to take a swim since most people are just sun-bathing. DAY TIME ACTIVITIES: Water center at the beach offers a variety of options for free 鈥?kayaking, catamaran (after taking a paid lesson) and snorkeling. We also played tennis and ping-pong a couple of times (for tennis, make sure to reserve your time slots early to get the best times). Gym on the royal side was small, but had more than enough to get a decent workout done.NIGHT TIME ACTIVITIES: The shows are of mixed quality, but some are really entertaining. We liked Grease and Welcome to America. There are lots of bar options (if you are willing to venture to the non-Royal side). There is a new bar with a lounge-sitting area on the Royal side that opened while we were there and it is really nice (great atmosphere). Weekends at the disco are nice 鈥?not the latest hits, but everyone is having fun 鈥?but on the weekdays, the crowds are small and music could use some improvement. Aside from the 鈥渓oud activities鈥? bubble-bath in the royal suites was our favorite evening pass-time. We also got a DVD player from the Royal reception and watched some movies we brought along.EXCURSIONS: We took two excursions. One is the snorkeling trip (1.5 hours), purchased for $25 from the water center. Well worth the money! We even thought of going a second time. Another is the dirt-buggies. It was fun, but we probably would not recommend that one to others, but that could be because of our inflated expectations. If you go, bring a bandana to cover your face and don鈥檛 expect to see North American level of safety standards. Don鈥檛 expect to spend more than 30% of time driving off roads. FOOD: We were really satisfied with the quality of the food. I don鈥檛 eat meat or seafood (except for fish), and still was able to find good options. If you don鈥檛 eat even fish, you may need to stick to the buffets 鈥?there are lots of vegetarian options there. My husband loves his meat and really enjoyed the selection. Both of the buffets offer enough variety to keep you from getting bored and there are always fresh fruit and vegetables. We enjoyed all of the a-la-cartes, ranked in the following order: (1) Thalassa, (2) Mexican (I had to get a custom vegetarian dish, which was made to perfection), (3) Japanese and Italian. We did not try the steak-house because of my dietary restrictions. One draw-back is the smoking that happens in all of the restaurants. ROOMS: Enough was said about the rooms by others. Our only complaint was a musky smell, but that seems to be the climate (we had to change rooms once because of water issues and the second room had the same smell). After a day or two staying there, however, it is really not that noticeable. Other than that, the rooms are great and new. We sent a couple of requests regarding the room via e-mail before we left and all of them were met. SERVICE: Outstanding. We got all we wanted and more. For instance, the bar on the Royal side does not serve deserts and the coffee maker was broken. However, without much trouble, we convinced a waiter to get us deserts and coffee from Thalassa 鈥?outstanding. We were greatly satisfied with service of all the personnel. ROYAL v. MAIN SIDE: In our eyes, the Royal side is well worth the money. Of course, whether that is the case for others depends on what they are looking for. My husband agreed that should we have stayed on the main side, we probably would not return to any all-inclusive again (this was our first time). It is really crowded and sometimes gets loud. We like our peace and quiet, which we got on the Royal side. However, because it is a part of a larger resort, we still got access to all of the amenities we could want. CONSTRUCTION: We did not find it very bothersome, but it is indeed there. This is probably the only reason we are not ranking the hotel as 5/5. Near the pool or in the room, we did not hear any construction. On some days, we could hear construction noises on the beach and actually had to move to the main side once. The walkway near construction is pretty dirty, but since we don鈥檛 mind walking, we took a slightly longer route through the main side and that did not bother us. As it was already mentioned, during our stay, the lobby bar was moved into a larger and nicer area. All was done very efficiently without much construction noise disturbance (I am guessing that the earlier guests had to put up with that). One thing that really helped is that we were staying in the building the furthest from the beach construction. Looks like the construction will be still ongoing for another 2-3 months, but we did not ask 鈥?so not sure. Overall, we were really satisfied. The service, the food and the peace and quite of the Royal side made for an amazing vacation. Too bad we had to return to the cold and snowy Toronto.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ninieus
<Content>Perfect holiday week in paradise       the swimming pool  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	3	1	

<Author>golfguyhhi
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! My wife and I just returned from 10 days at CRB (11-19 to 11-29) and absolutely loved it. Why wouldn鈥檛 we with the wonderful way all the staff treated us while we were there 鈥?some even rushed to hug and kiss us goodbye when we left, and believe me, that鈥檚 never happened before.There were a few problems. But the biggest one had nothing to do with CRB. The TSA (we deduced later) pulled one of our suitcases for an extended look through, which meant it didn鈥檛 make the flight from Miami. But the baggage supervisor at the Punta Cana airport was pleasant, professional, and reassuring that the bag was indeed in the system, and was in AA鈥檚 hands and would be on the next day鈥檚 flight, and would be delivered to the lobby at CRB. And all those things turned out to be true.Check-in at CRB was smooth and efficient and accompanied by a refreshing glass of something fruity and cold, with just enough rum to keep the mosquitoes away.We, and the bags that did make the flight, were whisked away on a golf cart to our room 鈥?first floor in villa 44. In my estimation, an excellent location. Close to the pool, the lobby, and all the action (but not the noise) at the main Catalonia Bavaro right next door. There was a 5 minute stroll to the beach and the beach restaurant from this location, but that鈥檚 nothing. The walkway is covered almost all the way so there鈥檚 no danger of sunstroke, and you keep dry when it鈥檚 raining.This was our third time in Punta Cana, and this is the first resort we agreed we鈥檇 like to come back to once two or three things that are in the works are completed 鈥?like a revision to the policy of having the same menu every day at dinner at Thalassa, the exclusive restaurant at CRB. The new food manager, as well as the outgoing one (Thanks for all your kind help and attention Juan, and good luck in Barcelona!!!), agreed the policy (dictated by corporate headquarters in Barcelona) makes no sense, because, and here鈥檚 the strange part: the lunch menu changes every day and contained (at least while we were there) a range of wonderful new and different choices each day. We suggested just having the main part of the lunch menu serve as the dinner menu and something along those lines is said to be in the works. This is essential for a restaurant that provides such an incredibly high level of professional service for all three meals each day. It seemed obvious to me everyone who worked there took pride in what they were doing and how they did it 鈥?and I would extend that to include all the employees we met and saw at CRB.The new villas being constructed between the existing four and the beach are nearing completion and will have their own pool, and a new beach restaurant is being built to be ready sometime in the spring with the new villas. The villa construction noises were noticeable but not so disruptive as to have caused discomfort.There was some construction going on in the area behind the lobby, and the grinding tool in use there did drive us to the beach one day 鈥?as if that was a hardship. But this lobby area construction is leading to the last of the changes we felt needed to take place before we would return. The lobby bar has very little atmosphere and doesn鈥檛 lend itself to a before- or after-dinner drink 鈥?not very good lighting or comfortable furniture, and no music. But the reconstructed lobby area will allow the bar to be moved and provide space for a piano bar and a lot more pleasant atmosphere.Now for some shout-outs for great service, ready smiles and pleasant words every time we met. Thank You and Muchas Gracias to Vanessa at Guest Services; Juan Carlos at registration and Pablo the bellman; Basilio, Jorge, and Luis Manuel at the lobby bar; to all the staff at Thalassa, and particulalry the aforementioned Manager, Juan, plus Rafael, Ernesto, Juan and Julio, Louisa, Ariel, Angel, and the irrepressible Librado who would call out to my wife and I every time he saw us, including across the pool while delivering room service; Carlos Julio (Special Thanks and Con Mucho Gusto for the wonderful Domincan Peaches you made for us every day -- and your special secret ingredient is safe with me), Victor and Marcia at the pool bar, and all the housekeeping maids who always had our room done before noon every day.You鈥檝e read it before, and I鈥檓 going to repeat it here 鈥?learn 5 or 6 simple phrases in Spanish, and smile and say 鈥淗ola, como esta?鈥?to every CRB staffer you meet and it will pay enormous dividends. Possibly even making the difference between a so-so vacation and one you鈥檒l long remember. These folks were so friendly, pleasant, eager to please, and always with a ready smile, that we thought at one time they had us confused with someone who had been at the resort before. They acted like we were old friends. What a joy.We played golf at both the Catalonia Caribe 18 hole course and the old Cabeza de Toro 9 hole course right on the property. Both were fun and had some holes that provided a good test. We played most rounds in heavy winds and that increased the challenge. The rental clubs are not new, but were quite servicable and removed the hassle of lugging our clubs around (not to mention ending up costing less than the luggage fee from American each way for extra bags).This was our first stay at an adults only resort, and WOW, what a difference. This was one of the most relaxing, quiet and pleasant vacations we鈥檝e had and that鈥檚 another reason we鈥檙e looking forward to returning.I鈥檝e gone on too long and left a bunch of stuff out, but suffice it to say we really, really loved the Catalonia Royal Bavaro and are looking to go back again next year.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Laylah
<Content>LOVED IT - would GO AGAIN - and i'm PICKY!       room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minoucheSudbury
<Content>Disappointed with Royal My husband and I returned from the Royal on November 8 after spending one week on the resort. Unfortunately, the resort fell short on delivery. The resort lacks in several areas including food presentation at the buffets. The a la carte restaurants (Grill, Italian) were very good. We didn't care for the Mexican. The only positive was that the weather was excellent. I can't even say that the beach was beautiful because there was a lot of seaweed and there wasn't the usual long expansive beach.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>jacquesrober
<Content>What a surprise !! We have been to the Catalonia Bavaro 3 years ago. We had found it an honest 4 * and were reasonably satisfied for the price, enough to come back. This time we booked for two weeks at the Royal section.Arrival was without pains: instant check-in, with the exact room request. Air was good as well as all services pertinent to the room.Cleanliness was outstanding everywhere, even in common washrooms.The staff was always smiling and trying to fulfill your requirements before you asked. The Royal section was relaxing with its pool and poolbar, without noise, screams and yelling. Ongoing construction did make some noises that at times were objectionable.Food:The Thalassa restaurant offered interesting food but being the only one yet on the Royal side, became dull very fast as the menus were the same day after day. We had access to all the restaurants on the Bavaro side (more on this later)Gardens:Royal side still under construction, so that there were little gardens to enjoy. Drinks:Good variety, good quality, very good service. The house wines were acceptable and in general better than what we had 3 years ago.Beach:Dedicated to Royal guests without children and quite relaxing. The beach bar was very good (see drinks).There was a lot of weeds and yes there was an army of workers to remove them. The water was warm. This was the Royal Catalonia Bavaro. We had access to the Catalonia Bavaro side which does not offer the same quality as in the description above. Gardens:Outstanding, one hopes that the Royal side, when completed, will be as magnificent as the Bavaro side in that respect.Beach:Similar to the Royal, larger, beautiful, with far more people than the Royal beach and loud animation.Food:脌 la carte restaurants offered a nice variety of food and environments. We found the Japanese restaurant very disappointing, as much for its bland food as for the absence of a visual show. (noise was present, as the cook was banging his spatula to simulate a show) and the in-meal sake was watered down.The main buffet was limited in choices and quality but we could always find something to eat.The beach buffet offered a view to die for and we could always find something to eat.The pizza and chicken grill was informal (beachwear accepted) and the food was good.Drinks:Wow!! the comments on drinks for the Royal section DO NOT APPLY to the Bavaro section.The wines in the buffets (beach and main) are served from a tap, and taste like sparkling bad homemade wine. The ones served in the 脿 la carte's are from the same source except that they have been transferred in a bottle (the labels on these bottles are frayed and old).Hard liquors are strictly house alcohols even if the bottle shows a brand name label. It even is very diluted and in some cases sweetened if required (like rhum) and very few people get drunk. The tropical mixes are made with these alcohols and little wonder that they do not pack a punch.That applied to all bars on the Bavaro side. My way around this was to get a plastic bottle of Royal side liquor or wine and carry it over. The hotel should offer regular brand alcohols and charge extra to the non Royal guests.One very annoying rule almost ruined our vacation.This rule applied to both sides except that the Royal side was less narrow minded in applying it. The rule: Enclosed shoes for men (not women) at all the 脿-la-carte restaurants. We have been to more than 20 all-inclusive resorts, many with 5* rating like: Paradisus, Princess, Valentin, Bahia Principe, Iberostar, Barcelo, Sandals, Beaches and many more. This the first resort that insists on controlling beachwear at the 脿-la-carte's this way. It is funny to see enclosed Croc shoes and fluorescent running shoes being accepted while elegant leather sandals are refused. As I had not brought enclosed shoes they told me that I could buy enclosed shoes at their private shopping center. And yes indeed they SOLD enclosed shoes(choice of around 15 to 20 different styles for men and none for women).Alleluia ! the light came on, nice business, go figure!!!. I will not buy another pair of regular shoes in a Carribean resort.To the credit of the Royal side manager. after being refused once, he fixed it so that I was not annoyed by that rule for the rest of my vacation.I think people should know about this rule in advance so that they do not forget to bring enclosed shoes.Compared to 3 years ago, the Bavaro side has reduced the quality of its offering. Luckily the Royal side compensates for this loss in quality so that we might go back when the construction of the Royal is completed notwithstanding the shoes rule.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katb101
<Content>Definately not a 5 Star Hotel       construction  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Lemondedelola
<Content>We really like it       Outside Jacuzzi  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WalkersOnTour
<Content>Just Go And Enjoy !!!! We stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon between 10th and 24th Oct 2008. All I can say about this hotel is fantastic. We read all the recent reviews about this hotel before we went and had some reservations about the complaints some people have made. All we can say is,  where do these people come from  ?We cannot fault this resort in any way whatsoever, it is great. The room was wonderful and cleaned everyday with fresh towels, both bath and beach. The grounds surrounding the complex are kept in great condition and there are always staff out and about cutting grass and pruning etc.The pool is maintained to an excellent standard and the pool guy is there from dawn till dusk everyday.The bars are great and always have a plentiful supply of various alcoholic drinks and believe me they are not watered down, we had a few bad heads to prove it !!!!!As for the staff I do not know how people can say some are rude or unhelpful?The staff are always wonderfully polite and always pleasant whether you tip them or not. My wife left here glasses in the lobby bar one evening and the barman, the following night ,returned them to her all wrapped up like a present along with a big beaming smile.The beach is great and the seaweed mentioned by some people, well this is cleaned by the army of beach cleaners almost hourly. Even though in our opinion it really did not matter, after all it is a caribbean beach and was never really bad in the first place!!!! Oh and it has never seen rocky in a million years !!!!Ok so some of the Al A Carte's were not to our taste but nevertheless are worth a try and still made for a really good night out. Remember there is the buffet and to be honest the choice does cater for every taste and need. The buffet theme changes daily .The food in our opinion was great.The nightly stage shows are a really good laugh and the staff try really hard. OK so they are not West End musicals but you can sit outside and watch, having a few drinks, on a lovely warm sultry evening !!!! Great, what else do you need?There is construction work on the Royal side due to finish in March 2009, but to be fair really did not interfere with our holiday in the slightest.In conclusion this is a wonderful resort, we would not hesitate in going back tomorrow. We really cannot give any negative reviews simply because there are none......... We had the holiday we were really looking for.Just go and Enjoy !!! We loved it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travelersUsa
<Content>not a 5 star resort We stayed on the Catalonia royal side for 1 week. This all-inclusive was rated 4 and a half star and is truly hard to belive. Our trust in your rating system has been comprimised. Upon arriving to the front desk, they told us to sit and wait which took about 1 hour. We still don't know why. The staff was very disorganized. Our room was nice and clean every day however from day 1 our air conditioning didn't work. After complaining for 5 days they finally moved us to another room. In that room there was not a TV remote and the refrigerator didn't work. We got tired of complaining and lived with it for 2 more nights. There is not much variety on the food and they don't cook the meat long enough. Not to mention that there are plenty of cock roaches in the buffet area. At breakfast they don't cook their eggs long enough. Runny omelets and half cooked bacon. We recommend making reservations for the restaurants and not eating at the buffet. In the 2 hot tubs on the royal side tiles were missing. On the other side there are 2 pools. 1 for adults and 1 for kids. We went to swim there and there were kids in the adult pools. Again no discipline. We weren't the only ones that were disappointed we talked with other people and they also agreed with us this place was overrated.Good things were the entertainment was pretty good, the beach area was great with many chairs, sailing, kayaking and beach bar. Pool on the royal side was very relaxing. Very pretty gardens and kept up very good.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Nadia_Ivana
<Content>Loved It and Want to Go Back I Was there in June for 1 week with my 2 boys 12 and 13. Sister and brother in law with a 2 year old and my mom. We all had a fabulous time. The rooms were super clean i actually saw the maid wash my floors 3 times. I also left her a 5.00 tip a day. She earned every penny of it.The restaurnat staff and bar staff were alot of fun. When i hear that they gave attitude i find it hard to belive. They always served us with a smile and a few times the boys would spill drinks, they were always quick to clean and bring them refils. I have to mention that my 12 year old has special needs and was treated with royalty.The entertainers were awsome. They always made sure that we were being active and involved in there activities. I gotta say Elisa, was wonderful with my son. For once I did not have to follow him around the staff always kept hin entertained. Then there was Juan Carlos who is just great. Aways with a wonderful smile and full of life, there is also Gabreille who was also wonderful. I Have traveled quite a bit but this was a place i would go back to.Food was good not like home but than yet again i do not go away for food. I go away for the beach, and it was kept clean.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>piotrsarna
<Content>Just okay!       Room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>French-tourist
<Content>Great Hotel       Great room  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Foxyyoungstownohio
<Content>nice hotel with some issues Just got back on Saturday September 27, 2008 from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Beach, Golf  casino Resort. We had 2 days of torrential downpour and the walkways were flooded. The hotel was nice, but the maid service,  some of the bartenders had real attitudes. They expected a tip  if you didn't give one they didn't want to help you. Even if you did give one they still madeyou wait. The food was ok. The best meal we had was at the Japanese restaurant and after 6 days we had enough of the buffets.The majority of guests were Europeans and some seemed rude to us. The shows were okay but nothing to brag about. The liquor and beer all seemed to be watered downed  if you didn't request alcohol you didn't get itAll in all most peope that we did talk to which were from Canada and a few Americans,seemed to like the place. My husband  I and our 2 friends said we will not be coming back soon to theDominican Republic. Oh yeah if you don't smoke be aware that almost everyone smokes down there. Oh yes I just remembered the casino-what a joke!!!!!Signed,A disgruntled couple from Ohio  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NatScott
<Content>Wouldn't even go back for free...... My husband and I stayed at this resort last year and I must say it was one of the worst experiences we've ever had in DR. We have been to the DR 7 times and I just cannot understand how this resort is #1.First of all, we started at the Catalonia Bavaro but soon upgraded to the Royal suites. My husband and I like to spend our days at the beach and the Bavaro's beach was, in my opinion, awful. There is not a lot of room to swim because of the coral...and there are rocks in the water that will cut your feet when you are trying to swim.This is the reason why we upgraded....the Royal beach which you cannot access unless your are a Royal guest, was a bit better. You can swim a little more freely without worrying about cutting your feet. BUT...this is only in a few sections of the water because you have to navigate the rocks before even entering the ocean.Also, there wasn't a beach bar...just a man with a cart with some bottles of liquor and bottles of pop. Drinks were always warm. The Royal pool was very boring as well. Reminded me of being in someone's backyard instead of at a resort. There is lots of grass, it is very quiet and I felt that I was missing the resort experience there.I do remember the rooms being quite nice....but who spends any time in their room?The a la cartes were ok too.....the lobby bar was ok....not really our thing because they jammed everyone together in the seating area and we prefer a more airy, open feel.All in all, we were happy about going home which never happens when we travel to Punta Cana. We are usually crying and trying to find ways to stay another week. My advice is to stick to Bavaro beach where the Palladium, Princess and Paradisus resorts are located.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>GMANToronto
<Content>Wonderful Vacation, Lovely Hotel...... Royal Catalonia Hotel Punta CanaWe stayed on the Royal side (adults only) of the Royal Catalonia for 7 nights beginning September 16th. If you don鈥檛 have kids and you鈥檙e wavering definitely choose the Royal option 鈥?it is worth it. Arrival We flew via Sunwing. Flight was routine, in flight service was excellent. Customs was very speedy 鈥?we arrived on a Tuesday morning so maybe that helped as there weren鈥檛 too many people lined up. The hotel is a short 20 minute drive from the airport. Check in was OK 鈥?might have been a little disorganized if we had been part of a large group. We had asked for a 3rd floor room but were told they had a first floor room for us by the pool. At our request, they changed this. We toured the grounds for about 30 or 40 minutes and upon our return they had another room for us. The Bellhop drove us to our room which was in Villa 40, the farthest from the lobby. (No problem there - it is only about a 2 or 3 minute walk). That suited us fine as we were looking for rest and relaxation and being a few steps away from the pool and the lobby were just fine. As it happens, Villa 40 is halfway between the beach and the lobby so it worked out great. There is construction behind our villa but with the A/C on it was never a problem and in any case the work was done during the day when we were at the beach or the pool.RoomThe room was excellent. The real King Bed (no split in the middle) was extremely comfortable. There was a good quality flat screen TV with plenty of English channels. I called the front desk and requested a DVD player which was hooked up for us the same afternoon. Plenty of space, air conditioning worked great, dehumidifier in the room also worked great. We never noticed any musty smell that others have mentioned. I saw some complaints about small showers but I found there was plenty of room. The tub for two was a nice touch and I enjoyed a hot soak pretty much every day. Towels were plentiful and the room was kept spotless. In fact, we had maid service twice daily with plenty of beautiful blossoms decorating the room. Fridge was kept well stocked with beer, sodas, and water. There was nothing to find fault with at all, no bugs, clean, comfortable, nicely decorated. We left a small tip $2 and a little gift daily for the maids and they were unfailingly excellent - friendly, hard working, and our rooms were always spotless. Vanessa from Guest Services called several times during our stay to make sure we were happy with everything in our room.BeachThe beach was excellent. There was seaweed washed up on the beach however the staff cleaned up many times each day. The swimming area was pretty much clear of any weeds at all but beyond the buoy line there were lots of weeds. If you like to snorkel you will LOVE this beach. The trade off for the seaweed is that there are plenty of fish of many types and colors. We saw a huge variety of colorful fish as well as a couple of very small rays and a small eel. The water was very calm and warm and wonderful for swimming. If you like big waves, give this a pass. Plenty of palapas, loads of loungers, nice and quiet. Beach bar was a very short walk and service was always great. We never ventured to the beach on the regular side except for the beach buffet which had lots of variety and was great the few times we ate there. I have to say we didn鈥檛 find the pizza that everyone raved about to be anything special. It was OK but not great. The rolls were always fresh and tasty. Thallassa RestaurantThis is the A La Cart restaurant on the Royal Side. We found the breakfast and lunches to be excellent and the dinners pretty good. Service was usually very good but got a little scrambly when the restaurant got crowded on the one day of rain we had. Be sure to specify very clearly if you are a non smoker. They don鈥檛 seem to have a specific non smoking area and many of the European guests think nothing of lighting up and puffing their noxious fumes all over during dinner. We tipped a couple of dollars at each meal ( a little more at dinner) and found the staff to be excellent, very hard working and courteous.La Toscana Restaurant We enjoyed this restaurant, service was good, staff very attentive. Certainly not a gourmet experience but nice. If you want anything other than house white or red they had an extensive wine list but you had to pay extra for them.Mikado RestaurantWe had an entertaining evening at the japanese eatery. we had a novie chef and it took almost an hour for him to prepare our food. About 1/2 way through anther chef came in and took over for him. I felt sorry for Manuel - he was trying hard but clearly he needed a little more training. When our food finally arrived it was tasty although the portions were tiny.La BrettonneThis little creperie was very nice. Nothing fancy but the staff were friendly, service was OK, and it was a great place to satisfy your sweet tooth.Gran Caribe BuffetGood, nothing spectacular but lots of variety. One problem is the dining area is very warm as it's an open air buffet.GroundsWere excellent, well kept, loads of flowering plants, palm trees, etc.PoolIt's a pool, what can you say? Nothing fancy but nice. The Royal side is definitely much more quiet than the regular side. It was kept nice and clean, the pool bar was good, staff were very friendly.OverallWe had a great stay at the Royal Catalonia. The food isn't gourmet fare however it's plentiful and tasty. You should find lots you like here unless you're a very difficult person to please. Rooms were excellent. Not a lot of English speaking staff but they were very patient with my forays into limited Spanish, if you're looking for people to speak your native tongue to perfection perhaps you should consider a home vacation. If you're looking for big waves, try someplace else. If you want to have a relaxing swim in a warm, shallow bay with excellent aquatic viewing, this is the place. Although there is no more sun here than anywhere else in the Caribbean remember your sunscreen. It may seem obvious to point this out but an earlier reviewer complained that he got sunburned....maybe he should have thought of sunscreen!?!?! This is a wonderful resort for the price, you won't be sorry if you choose it. PS - bring along a Spanish Phrase book - it will work wonders!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mw24623
<Content>We highly recommend...... We loved it !!       Pool volleyball every day  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jmh221
<Content>Excellent staff, beautiful grounds, not so friendly guests... Got there a day later than expected due to airplane problems. Franklyn was great at the check in and handled everything with only a little confusion. Rooms:Got a ground floor room, but I don't recommend it. Not much privacy if you want to leave your curtains open for day light. Request a 2nd or 3rd floor room. The rooms were a little musty due to humidity, but well appointed. The bed was a little hard but not a big deal. Another recommendation - let the front desk know what time you want your room cleaned daily. They will accomodate. Pools:To me, pools are pools. I did like the Royal pool better because it was adult only. Pools were generally clean but not what I would call spotless. Beaches:This is where it fell short for my taste. If you like very calm, shallow waters, this is the beach for you. The water is clean with the exception of some seaweed which isn't a big deal. The sand is soft and the palm trees on the beach add just the right touch for a fantastic Caribbean feel. If you prefer body surfing waves and depths of water (like I do), forget it. I'm 5'8 and struggled to find depths of water higher than my waist. I had to sit down in the water to get it up to my shoulders. Not very exciting - no waves at all. It felt like I was in a lake instead of an ocean.People:This may be a cultural thing (I am American), but my girlfriend and I found many of the guests to be unfriendly. We were 2 of only a small handful of American guests. The majority were Europeans. I've traveled to Europe and found the people in the countries I've been in to be fantastic people. Unfortunately, on vacation, some of the people we came across were just unfriendly. A simple 'hola', hello, smile or wave went unresponded to about 95% of the time. We got to the point that we stopped trying. This is no reflection on the Catalonia Royal obviously, but it played a small role in our enjoyment of the vacation. Staff:Fantastic. We met so many unbelievable staff members who were as accomodating, friendly, helpful and welcoming. Alfonso and Franklyn (front desk), Luis (bartender in Royal lobby), Ernesto (waiter), Jesus (golf pro) and the sweet girl at the customer service desk who takes dinner reservations - I can't remember her name - were all amazing. Be nice to them, be patient with their english, and it is also polite to make an attempt to speak spanish if their english isn't very good, even if you have to bring a english-spanish translation dictionary.Food:I will say that the Japanese restaurant was outstanding. The fresh food made in your presence at the cooking tables was excellent. Thalassa was pretty good but the menu was a little limited and there was NO MUSIC while dining. It felt like being in a school cafeteria sometimes. We tried the Gran Caribe buffet for breakfast once and liked it because of the variety of food. Overall, you will find plenty to eat. The pizzeria by the pool was pretty good also. Shows/Entertainment:We found it entertaining. I'll leave it at that and you can judge for yourself when you go. You should definately see Grease. Unintentionally hilarious.I really suggest you bring plenty of $1 bills for tipping. We stayed for 6 days/5 nights and brought about $100 in singles. We tipped for every drink, baggage handling, and daily left $3-$4 for the maid service. It is a small amount for us, but goes a long way in the kind of service you get throughout your stay. It seemed like the word spread among the staff that we were a tippers, because we were being waited on hand and foot after our first day. Also, don't forget to give a few bucks to the cooks/chefs behind the counters. They seemed to really appreciate it. Be careful of the fast moving service vehicles, golf carts, and motorbikes on the walking pathways. If you are traveling without children, absolutely stay on the Royal side. We saw several people from the other side checking out and coming over to the Royal side. Not only are the Royal rooms and pool better , but that Royal wrist band gets you much more superior service from the staff. Believe me.Overall, great relaxing vacation. Weather was phenomenal (Sept 12 - Sept 17), grounds were impeccable, staff was great, food OK (except Japanese restaurant - was better than OK), beach not to my liking, golf course was nice.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JBrowne83
<Content>What a DUMP! Should NOT be #1       Weeds in the water that runs under the lobby ares  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Belg
<Content>Not first place on tripadvisor       excursion  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>BenLaura12
<Content>Amazing and Beautiful place!! would return in a heart beak       Near our room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rolis111
<Content>Excellent Vacation @ Catalonia Royal Punta Cana After extensive research, as many people who use this website, I must say that our vacation was excellent. My husband and I visited Catalonia Royal Punta Cana from August 13 thru August 18. We both did a lot of research and we were glad we did. The hotel is perfectly depicted by all the actual photos from other reviewers. We both are fluent in the Spanish language so we did not have any trouble communicating, but also noticed that most of the staff did speak English if not other languages. No one seemed to have a language barrier.Check in:Check in went very smoothly. The lady at the reception, Ramona, was very pleasant and informative. We arrived at 2:30 p.m. and our room was ready for us. After check in, we ate lunch at the Thalassa restaurant, the only one in the premises, and then were quickly escorted to our room.Room:My husband was very impressed with the room, the natural flower decorations as well as the staff. The room had a big tub, ideal for two people, a hammock in the balcony, patio furniture and a king size bed. The modern decor was very nice as well. The restroom was big and the water pressure in the shower was perfect. Unlike, in Jamaica when we visited another all inclusive. The mini bar was replenished everyday and it was nice to come to a nicely made and decorated room with natural flowers everyday. However, the bed sheets did smell a little damp and they were stained. The issue about the stains was corrected the next day but the damp smell remained. Also, the mini bar was not cooling when we arrived, but my husband called the front desk and they sent someone immediately to fix it. Bars:The pool bar is great. We mostly visited in the afternoons. The drinks are just right. Not too strong and not too weak. If you want more liquor鈥ust ask鈥he ladies at the bar, especially Marilyn and Miriam, will just pour more in your cup. They are all very happy to assist. The beach bar was also very good. The gentlemen serving, Domingo, is also very nice and is always happy to help. The bar staff is always singing, dancing and having a good time. This makes for a great atmosphere. The alcohol brands are of premium quality. No generics here, which is also a plus! The only thing I could suggest is to have some of the staff serving drinks at the beach or the pool. It kind of sucked to have to walk considerable distances to get something to drink. Other all inclusive that we have visited in the Caribbean have this option and we were both surprised that Catalonia Royal did not. It will also add value to the prestige.The beach:The beach is great! Both my husband and I are beach people. So, we spend most of our time at the beach. The water was always warm, clear and shallow. You can latterly sit in the beach without being afraid of being knocked over by the waves. No huge waves, so if you are looking for that type of effect then the Catalonia Royal Beach is not for you. There some seaweed but they do come by and pick it up from the shore a couple times a day. We never had a problem finding beach lounging chairs or cabanas to lay and enjoy the sun. We normally got to the beach at 10am and were always plenty available. I must say that some ladies were topless as many reviews mentioned. If you never had鈥ust try it鈥r if you never experienced it鈥?just enjoy it!!! 飦?br/>The Restaurants:The Thalassa is the only hotel in the Royal premises. The waiters and hostess are great. Angel Leonel is one of the BEST鈥e will treat you very nicely..just ask to be seated in one of his tables. The restaurant is very good overall. The Spanish check is very good at what he does and the food is very tasty. However, my husband and I both agree that the food can be a little more diversified. He prepares a lot of menus geared to the Spanish crown that visits the hotel. But a little more diversity will only make it better. We never went to this restaurant for breakfast but the lunch menu is always the same. The dinner menu is sometimes changed by a special meal that the Chef chooses to prepare. We ate breakfast mainly at the buffet..which is in the main side, and dinner at the buffet side. The food was good and plentiful. The omelets at breakfast are a very good choice as well as the pasta for lunch. The pizza is great! It goes fast鈥ut it is quickly replenished. You can ask to get a particular choice and the guys are happy to make it for you. The roasted chicken is also a great option at the snack bar for lunch. Room service for breakfast is also great. The Entertainment:We watch all the evening shows. The entertainers are great! The dancers put on outstanding performances everyday. They practiced at least twice a day and the shows were living proof of their hard work. They are all very friendly and do a great job trying to get people to mingle and have a good time. Some people are shy by nature but around them you could not help it to laugh and have a good time. They work very hard and they clearly enjoy what they do. They performed outstanding! The disco is also a good time. My husband and I went a couple of nights and we enjoyed ourselves. Overall, do not be hesitant to visit Catalonia Royal Punta Cana鈥rust me鈥ou will not regret it. The place is beautiful; you can relax, and have a great time. There are so many options to choose from at this resort and so many wonderful people to meet. My husband and I both also thought that paying the extra money to stay at the Royal side is well worth it. The staff will treat you like royalty and tend to your every need. Just have fun鈥t is a vacation. Don鈥檛 worry be happy! We will certainly be back!Some tips:-Bring a watch or an alarm if you plan to get up a certain time. We didn鈥檛 because we did not care.-Bring a portable iron.-Tip the staff 鈥?Even though is not require, these people make very little money as it is. If their service is good..just reward them with a few bucks. You will get even better treatment! Believe me they will go out of their way for you!-Have the time of your life!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kevans1296
<Content>Nice, just not our thing       addtl view from room 4445  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>anuragthakore
<Content>Intoxicating yet detoxicating!!       The gorgeous beach  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>regjr13
<Content>The "Royal" Side is well worth the money!!!! We just completed a 7 day stay at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro and I must say, staying on the Royal Side was well worth the additional money. We were put on the 3rd floor of our villa, where we had excellent views of the water. The grounds were well maintained and the services were excellent. For the additional cost per night, our room was very large with a jaccuzzi tub in the room, a welcome bottle of Rum, nightly turn down service, and top shelf alcoholic beverages. On the Royal side, we had a private beach, where we didn't have to wait to get chairs and we also had our own private beachside bar also with top shelf alcohol. The ROYAL SIDE was truly worth the additional money!!! No kids were allowed and it was AWESOME!!The only down side is sometimes the water had a lot of seaweed. I would stay there again!!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Plushgirl
<Content>Excellent hotel, minor glitches Just back from our stay (actually, at PUJ airport waiting to leave - there's free wi-fi, enjoy it like I am doing right now), and we're going to break down and analyze the main aspects, point by point:1) Reception/ Front Desk: - Great, friendly staff, will go out of their way to please you (they changed our room on request for example)- Good quality internet on the 2 Reception desktop PCs, Wi-Fi was patchy. In some spots/rooms you had a good quality of service, others you couldn't get it to operate at all.2) Rooms - Nice and large, with the built-in round bathtub.  - We had an electrical problem and they fixed it as quick as they could, all we had to do is call the helpful front desk.- They're currently expanding the Royal part of the resort by building two extra villas. But whether you're in the beach or in your room, you won't hear it.3) Food / RestaurantsAll restaurants had their ups and downs.- The main restaurant of the Royal part of the resort (Thalassa) is great, and so is most of their staff. One glitch is the waiting time: since all waiters tend to all customers, sometimes orders will get lost in the shuffle or take more time than necessary. But on other days service was quick and efficient. But who cares, we're on holiday! Juan, Angelica, Angel Leonel, Rafael and Maria the concierge, for example, are a joy to be served by.- Breakfast consists of a buffet with some a la carte options. - Lunch a la carte is available to all Royal guests. One part of the menu changes daily while the other part remains constant every day.- Dinner only by booking. The menu differs from the lunch menus, and remained constant throughout our stay.  - Food is overall great in quality, and they're willing to tweak the meals a little to your best liking. As for desserts, avoid the tiramisu, chocolate mousse... those are not their specialties, believe me. For something sweet, try the creperie La Bretonne on the regular side of the Catalonia.Thematics: - La Toscana: Great pasta, shoddy desserts. - Steakhouse: Good quality meat (not great).- Mikado: The chef does his little hot plate showdown on a table/room for 12 people. The overall quality of the food is good. The only restaurant without the AC system working and it was in dire need of one! For dessert, try the fried ice-cream.- Mexican: Spicy. My bowels felt it the day after, but the food is nice.- Grand Caribe buffet: lots of choice and lots of room (tables on one side, food on the other). The quality is what you'd expect from a large hotel buffet. - Beach buffet: Smaller and noisier. Tip: go early! Food selection is smaller than in Grand Caribe, but the quality is the same.- Pizza parlour: Let me tell you, I've worked in Italy for 3 months and tasted a great deal of pizza while there. The pizzas they make at Catalonia reminded me of some of the best I had in Firenze. Warning: they disappear from the serving trays FAST! Get it while you can.4) The Beach- Occasionally some coconut leaves on the water surface, some small boulders, but otherwise nice and clear water. Very warm, specially in the afternoon.- Beach chairs very nice, and lots of shade (even outside a palapa - the coconut trees do a magnificent job at that)- Drinks from the bar were all very nice and not watered down. Even without having to tip the bartender. Just smile.You can count on a LOT of Spanish tourists in the Summer months.The main hotel is just next door, and we can confirm that it has a definite family/regular feel.We highly recommend the Royal and we'd definitely be back!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>jojocruz
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous - we will return again       Room  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tjackso
<Content>Relaxing vacation in Punta Cana!       Beautiful!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>meameame12
<Content>Nice resort, but not great service This was our first visit to the DR, and also our first all-inclusive! After having been to the Royal Catalonia, we are definitely in love with the all-inclusive idea! This resort was beautiful, relaxing, and enjoyable. However, I thought that for the amount of praise it was getting, the service should have been better. Not that anyone was rude or anything, that never happened. But I would have liked to have drink/food service at the pool, and esp the beach! You just have to sit around on the beach or pool and get your own drinks, which I thought was not so lavish. And I didn't think anyone really went out of their way to be extremely nice or helpful. They were just there. The lady that sets up the reservations for the restaurants was not very helpful, and even had a somewhat nonchalant attitude. Same with a lot of the waiters. Another thing was the mixed drinks--they were very weak and watered down. I don't think either of us ever even felt buzzed!The resort itself is very beautiful though, and very clean and feels relaxing. Having said all this, I would not likely return, only because I want to experience better service and feel more pampered! We are going to another AI resort in Cancun, better luck there!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>JBLV
<Content>Great place       The grounds  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MamapapaNj
<Content>Wonderful Stay at Catalonia Royal! My husband and I stayed from July 5, 2008 til July 11th. We had a wonderful stay. After reading some reviews I was a little apprehensive, but your vacation is what you make it, and we made the best of everything. We enjoyed realxing at the beach, never had any trouble finding chairs or shade. We also spent time at the pool which we enjoyed especially the swim up bar.Our room was great, always clean and the refrigerator well stocked. We did have a little problem with no hot water in the shower, but the problem was quickly fixed after I reported it, the shower hose had a problem.Our favorite restaurant was the Japanese, we actually ate there twice. My least favorite was the Italian, I think because of my choice nothing else. We ate at the Rodeo steak house and the Mexican and enjoyed these also. We had breakfast at the Gran Caribe several times and this was great.We did do an excursion with Bavaro Runners, Papatony was our tour guide and he made it a lot of fun. I would reccomend this trip.It is well worth staying on the Royal side and taking advantage of the activities on the Catalonia side, that side is usually more active, but then you come back to the quiet of the Royal side. Had fun talking to Jose, Dominique and Bassilo at the lobby bar at the Royal.Overall a very relaxing fun vacation. I would definitely reccomend this hotel and look forward to going back one day.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>CaribLover_8
<Content>Great time         
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>travelingteacher
<Content>Cantalonia Royal Nice but Problems We just returned from the Cantalonia Royal on June 23rd. Our vacation started off poorly as we were given a smelly , warm room. We took the problem to management and they assured us it was because the room had been empty and it takes time to cool off. The next day we were still having problems with the air conditioning and again we went to management. They offered us 2 other rooms, both of which were no cooler than ours. The second night things got really bad and the air stopped working completly. It was a long night. At 6 am I asked management to come to my room - they agreed the air was no longer working and they had to move us right away. They gave us a new room in a different villa and it was 100% better. So.... after our second night - third day.... we were finally able to relax and enjoy. I enjoyed the rest of my vacation but felt like I was robbed of 2 enjoyable days. It's difficult to leave a warm beach for a warm room and just as challenging leaving a warm shower nto a warm room and then dressing for dinner. I thought the resort on the Royal side was well worth the money because the regular side was crowded and full of loud partying kids - young and old. The Grand buffet was not so good and was often warm and full of flys. The restuarants were nice and the beach was beautiful. I won't go back - I will return to Majestic.... they take you seriousely when there is a problem.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Harliz
<Content>Great second time at Royal Catalonia. April 2008 was the second trip my wife and I made to Punta Cana, both time's staying at the Royal Catalonia.  We stayed from Apr 10th until the 17th, almost the exact date's we stayed last year. I was able to spend my last two birthday's in Punta Cana...... Yes I felt spoiled. We arrived without any hitches at all, our flight landed shortly after 8 pm and by 10 we were sitting at the main bar watching the nightly show. This is simply the nicest resort we have been to, the staff are alway's smiling and willing to help. When we got to our room we had a huge fruit basket as well as a bottle of rum, which we didn't recieve last year. Other upgrade's over last year were the four poster bed as well as the flat screen LCD TV. The beach was just as beutiful as we remember, the food and drink were fantastic, the Japanese was by far our favourite. We went on the Sunday which happened to be my birthday, we didn't have reservation's for that night but one of the girls in the group we hung out with sweet talked them into letting us in. After the meal we went to a separate room for desert and to everyone's surprise the staff brought out a birthday cake and sang Happy Birthday, this kind of treatment makes us want to go back for sure. We met so many great people on this last trip, Scott and Shirley from Calgary (Thank's for the round of golf), Clyde and Naz from Kingston and Tom and Lori from Oshawa. This group made our stay even more enjoyable....Thank's Guy's. Bottom Line Is.... You cannot go wrong with this resort, in saying that diffently pay the extra and stay on the adult only side, it's well worth the extra............  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yoonka
<Content>fabulous retreat,stay on the royal side I had chosen Catalonia Royal Bavaro after weeks of comparing it with Excellence. I was a little worried because I saw a couple of not-so-great reviews on this hotel, but I have to say that they must have reviewed the main hotel and not the royal side. When we checked in, the room had a huge fruit basket as a welcome basket and had flower petals everywhere. We had dinner at Thalassa, which is the only restaurant on the royal side on the night we got in. We ate breakfast, lunch and dinner there several times and the service and the food are both excellent! They have outdoor seating, which is right by the pool so most people just walked over there for lunch and went back to the pool. We tried the Gran Caribe, which is the buffet place on the main resort side several times and there the food was good too. My only comment on the place is, it's better to go there close to when they start serving, because we went there for just dessert one night close to closing time, and it looked really messy. But most of the time we were there when they started serving and everything was great! We also tried the rodeo steakhouse. I ordered caesar salad and the churasco steak and thought the steak was excellent! My companion, however, ordered a sirloin and said that it was by far the worst steak he ever had. They also overcook the steak. The service was really excellent. We also ate at the japanese hibachi place. I had read many great reviews on that place so we had high hopes. However, I have to say aside from looking at the cook cooking the food in front of you and eating with others, it wasn't really worth the hype. They gave us sushi as appetizer and it was really, really horrible. But the soup, fried rice and meat entree were great. Just maybe skip the sushi... The pool by the royal side was really relaxing and quiet. They had two great bartenders making all kinds of drinks all day. Bartenders even came out offering fruit kebobs to people lounging by the pool. We visited the pool on the main resort side, however, and it was totally like spring break over there. I would definitely suggest staying on the royal side. Overall, our stay was really great and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The only downside to staying on the royal side was that they didn't really explain to us what was offered on the other side, as there were no brochures or anything like that in the room. Another annoying thing was for some reason you couldn't make a dinner reservation on the main resort side for the first 24 hours. The policy also says you have to dress up, no sandals, for the dinner reservation and that got kind of annoying too. But I guess with people acting like it's spring break, maybe it is to deter people showing up only in their bikinis.... All in all this is a great hotel!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nessiesue
<Content>Love the sun       beach party  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimCountyDurham
<Content>THIRD HAPPY RETURN INSIDE ONE YEAR       Freda and Romana the Royal receptionist  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>golfandsunluvrs
<Content>Treated Like Royalty at the Royal It will be hard to convey in words how much we enjoyed our stay at the Royal Catalonia . My husband and I have been travelling to the Caribbean for many years and this is the first time I have felt compelled to submit a review.Our wonderful experience began even before we departed Halifax. I emailed the resort with a few requests , and low and behold I actually received a reply within the hour. We arrived at the resort at 10:00 AM expecting to wait until 3:00PM for a room. Within the hour we were shown to the exact room that I had requested. Even at 11:00 AM we were able to get a palapa which we found to be the case on most days. Our ala carte reservations were made for us prior to our arrival as per our request. A big thanks to Alexandra in Guest Services who took,care of us all week .[ especially with arranging golf tee times ]. Enough has already been written about the rooms themselves and the food which by the way were both excellent.I prefer to compliment the resort on their service. Within a day the front desk staff, restaurant staff and guest services staff knew you by name. The bar staff remembered your drink requests. On several nights there was a surprise waiting in our room upon return from the show. For example ....one night a beautiful chocolate palm tree sculpture. On several days there was a lovely tray of fruit skewers brought around to the pool chairs. Oh and those wonderful pool,chairs....the most comfortable I have come across. The Royal section is quite small which makes it very easy to meet as many people as you wish to. By the end of our week there it felt almost like a community where every one knew every one else.We can't wait to return to the Royal Catalonia to see our new Dominican friends and hopefully our new friends from around the world.....Lori and Jeff, Nicole and Mike , Tina and Andrew , Nell and Dennis and Barb and Vicki . Give it a try and I bet you will love it as much as we did !  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OttawaKristie
<Content>Outstanding Resort My boyfriend and I went to Catalonia Royal Resort from 22 to 29 March 2008. It was our 6th trip to Dominican Republica. This trip was by far the most outstanding resort of all the resorts we stayed at. We enjoyed the VIP section and VIP ammenuities. The pool area is small, extremely clean, quiet and the service at the bar was excellent. The VIP restaurant is simply oustanding. The food is excellent. If you consider that this is a VIP restaurant, we felt that there was one waitress in particular who did not understand English well enough. She was mainly serving breakfast and lunch. What I recommend is that you learn how to say in Spanish what you would like to order for breakfast. The supper meals were outstanding. The rooms were extremely beautiful and clean. There is a huge bath in the rooms, but it is not a jacuzzi (which would have been nice). My boyfriend and I enjoy a quiet and small resort, which is exactly what the Catalonia Royal Resort is all about. However, should you feel like participating in the daily activities, or feel like listening to loud music and so on, you can go to the regular Catalonia Resort Section, which is just beside yours. You can go for a long walk on the Catalonia Section, which is really beautiful. We didn't watch a lot of the entertainment, but it looked allright. The Specialty Restaurants are simply outstanding. We met acquaintances of ours who stayed at the Catalonia Resort Section and they were not too impressed with the Specialty Restaurants, but I strongly believe that depending on the colour of your bracelet, you get different quality of meals/meat (if you stay at the Royal, you have a specific bracelet). We would go back in a heart beat to this resort. The only downsize to this resort is the beach. If you are a beach lover and are spending every minute you have on the beach, you may want to think twice about this resort. I found there was a smell as you got closer to the water. The Royal Section has a private section on the beach, but the smell is still there. There are a lot of weeds in the water; coral at the bottom of the sea where you swim. Way too much weeds on the sand where the water hits the sand. It's too bad, because the rest of the resort is outstanding. As for my boyfriend and I, we spend most of our holiday by the pool, so it didn't really impact our holiday. The food is definitely a 5. The accommodations are a 4.5/5. The pool is 5. The service is a 5. I can't rate the entertainment. The beach is a 3.5/4 (sorry). The Royal Resort is for quiet adults who enjoy reading, swimming and so on. It is not a resort for a loud croud.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris2201
<Content>Outstanding Experience       Catalonia Beach  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VacationFunintheSun
<Content>Great vacation! Our group of 6 just returned from a week at the Catalonia Royal Bavaro (April 26 - May 3rd 2008).We read many reviews and had it narrowed down to Catalonia Royal Bavaro in Punta Cana and Paradissus Princessa in Varadero...Punta Cana won out due to lower price and better flight times.We booked with Sunwing (this was our 2nd trip with Sunwing), and once again were very happy with Sunwing's service, the flight, and Sunwing's rep at the resort.Arrival:We arrived at the resort at 11 am...and expected that our rooms might not be ready. We were greeted with a glass of champagne, and were told that one of our rooms was ready and the other 2 would be ready within the hour. We stored all our stuff in the one room, changed and headed for lunch.Rooms:As requested, we were all in the same villa (villa 46) and on an upper floor. The rooms are very spacious, clean and modern, with a very comfortable king size bed. The air conditioning works very well. There is an in-room safe that you program yourself (no charge), a mini-bar stocked with water, beer and pop (refilled daily). The balcony has a table ahd 2 chairs and a hammock. Pool towels are in your room and are re-stocked daily - no need to line up at the towel hut. A couple of things to note that are NOT in the rooms: a clock, and an iron (didn't matter to me but I know others would want to know). Any minor issues/requests were dealt with very quickly.Royal:There are only 4 villas on the Royal side and they are all very close to the royal pool which is a lovely pool (with swim up bar and pool bar and a fantastic bartender by the name of Carlos), the spa with 2 outdoor jacuzzis, and royal lobby which houses the Thalassa restaurant and lobby bar, free internet room. This was my first time in a Royal section at an AI. I loved the Royal side and would highly recommend it for several reasons: You still have access to the regular side and all the animation, but you can always return to the Royal side which is much quieter. There is never a shortage of lounge chairs at the Royal pool no matter what time of day. The Royal side also has it's own beach with lots of chairs, its own restaurant, free internet, and room service. Main Resort:The main resort is also very beautiful...the grounds are well kept. Within the main resort there is a main buffet restaurant, and smaller beach buffet, a snack bar with excellent pizza, and four a la cartes...Japanese, steakhouse, Mexican, and french. There is also a shopping plaza which houses the creperie, some souvenir shops, tobacco shop, drug store, medical centre, jewelery store and a mini-mart. There is a casino on site and it iis bigger than some of the other resort casinos I have seen. IThere is an ATM machine (although I could't get my bank card to work in it) as well as a bank that is open from 9 - 4 pm in the main lobby. We were able to change Cdn money to American at the bank. They also take Visa or mastercard if you are looking to get a cash advance. There are a lot of washrooms throughout the resort - and they are very clean and modern.Food:For dinner we ate at the Thalassa twice, and once each at the Mexican, Japanese, and steakhouse. You can also eat breakfast and lunch at the Thalassa without a reservation, but you do need a reservation for dinner - which is easy to get even at the last minute. For the other a la cartes you should book in advance. Some of the appetizers at the Thalassa are a little different, but it was interesting to give them a try. I enjoyed both the Lobster and the Mere (fish) as main courses...and the 5 chocolate dessert is delicious!! The champagne is free flowing...as is the wine. The white wine is the not the best...I much preferred the champagne. The red wine was decent. We also enjoyed the Japanese show cooking...the food was very good, except for the soup which was sub-par. The food at the steakhouse and Mexican are also quite good. Service for the most part was excellent, the exception being at the Mexican were our waiter was not as attentive.Also for dinner one night we went to the beach party - it was amazing!! All the tables are set on the beach with linens, lights, decorations etc. Then there is a buffet with all kinds of salads, bbq meats, desserts, and of course a bar!! Our server was Elizer - who was excellent!!! He kept the drinks flowing, took pictures with us, and had a great sense of humour!! There is a live band playing at the beach.For lunch we tried both buffets as well as the snack bar. The pizza at the snack bar (which is at the kid's club end of the main pool) is delicious!! You can also get the pizza at the main buffet which is near the entrance of the resort. The smaller buffet is at the beach end of the pool. All the buffets are open-air which means you will see birds landing on/near the food...which may be an issue for some people. The buffets were standard buffet fare...with less selection than I have seen at other buffets. At lunch one day at the main buffet our waiter was Alcedo who was excellent!!! He was very attentive and spoke very good English - unfortunately the tip we left him was picked up by another waiter.For breakfast we ate several times at the main buffet, a couple of times at Thalassa, and once had room service. They have a habit of undercooking the made-to-order eggs...so if you want them well cooked make sure to tell them. At the Thalassa you can also get Mimosas and Bloody marys at breakfast! We tried the creperie twice and were a little disappointed...the chocolate sauce on the crepes had a distinct burnt taste, and the crepes were not as good as in the buffet. The creperie is open from 4pm - 11 pm daily.Bars:There are bars everywhere - you will not go thirsty! The drinks do vary a little from one bar to the next...but no big deal. My personal favourites were: Ron Sour, Sex on the Beach, and Long Island Ice Tea - which is not on the menu but ask Carlos at the pool bar for one and you won't be disappointed!!Pool:The Royal pool is lovely, a nice size with lots of loungers and palalpas, and was never busy. We spent a lot of time at this pool we enjoyed it so much. There are 2 jacuzzis near the royal pool, one is warm (not hot) which we enjoyed, and the other is colder. The main pool is much bigger, we only went once. It is showing some minor wear and tear, but nothing serious. ..Beach:The Royal beach is to the right of the main beach and has a separate bar and nicer loungers. The beaches are the same other than that... there is some seaweed but it is still a beautiful beach and fun to go in the water. - we spent 3 half days at the beach. The water sports centre is between the 2 beaches. We took out a 2 person kayak which we enjoyed.Animation:The animation team works very hard. Our gang took part in beach volleyball, aqua aerobics, merangue lessons, and kayak races, and had lots of fun. Entertainment:Varies from cheesy to good. Fairly typical resort type shows.Excursions:Snorkelling: From the resort we went out on a hour and a half snorkelling tour for $25/person. You go out on a glass bottom boat on a 15 minute ride and them snorkel for an hour. They give you bread to feed the fish and they will eat right out of your hands! They will also nip a bit so be careful! There are so many fish to see as well as coral...it was definitely worth the $25.Shopping: Our Sunwing rep arranged for transportation (free of charge) to a local cigar factory and shop. It is about 10 minutes from the resort. You see cigars being made by hand in the factory and are given free samples to try. Next door in the store you can buy cigars (not just the ones made on site - many other brands), as well as other souvenirs such as coffee, rum, jewellery, t shirts, paintings etc. Dune Buggies: 4 of us went on the Dune Buggy tour...this is a half day tour. We were picked up at 7 am by bus and driven aprox an hour a way to a ranch. It is also a good opportunity to see some of the countryside. The day we went it had rained overnight and also rained for an hour or so that morning...which was a real bonus as it is much more fun to dune buggy in mud than in dry sand! There are 2 people per buggy and you can take turns driving...they have both standard and automatic. The roads you drive on are full of potholes and lots of mud - great fun! After a half an hour or so of dune buggying, the first stop was at Macao beach which is amazing...but a very strong undertow so be careful. There are also vendors on the beach which I was not quite prepared for and didn't have much money with me. The 2nd stop is at an underwater cave where you can swim, and also more vendors. Finally back to the ranch for a half hour of horseback riding. Cost of trip was $65/person and was definitely well worth it! Note they take your picture on the dune buggys at the start of the trip and have them ready for you to buy at $7 each by the time you get back...they are nice souvenirs.Weather:We had rain a couple of times in the evening during dinner. The only time we had rain during the day was dune buggy day. There were times were it was overcast, but for the most part was very hot and humid - easy to get sunburned!! Did not see many bugs. The only time I used bug spray was on the dune buggies.Departure:Be ready to pay a $20 american departure tax per person. Also, when arriving your picture is taken with a local Dominican girl and can be purchased for $7/photo at departure. There are the typical duty free and souvenir shops as well as fast food outlets - Wendy's and Baskin and Robbins. The airport is modern and clean, including the bathrooms.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>EnjoyingLifeMe-Mike
<Content>Wonderful time Well, my husband and I and another couple spent April 25th through May 2nd at the Catalonia Royal Bavaro and had a wonderful time. After reading review after review for months prior to our trip, I can finally say that the ones that have compliants just don't know how to relax and have a great time. The staff for the most part go out of their way to make you happy, we absolutely loved Carlos (pool-side bar) Angel and Juan from the Thalassa rest. and there are so many others that made our trip amazing. The rooms are very spacious and defintely clean, our maid was great we stayed in 4632 (we never met her) but we could come in the middle of the day relax and shower and go out for the evening and when we returned our room was made up again. I have to point Angel from the Thalassa rest. he had the best smile and was just a delight. Carlos at the pool-side bar made the afternoons very joyful. The food was very good and there was plenty of choices for everyone, I have to say its not what we get in the States but we weren't in the States so we were satisfied. The pizza from the pool-side bar on the family side was absolutely the best and the effort that the whole staff put into the Beach Party on Monday night was wonderful. The workers at this resort deserve every penny that they receive and I truly hope that visitors to have respect and tip the staff.This trip was a surprise for my husband for his birthday and I must say it was a wonderful vacation and one that we will never forget and we do plan to return in a few years after we visit some other locations.But to anyone reading the reviews before you go please wait to make your own opinion on this resort, it is all what you make it, if you go looking for disappointments you will find them. Just remember these people are trying to please hundreds of people from all over the country and that just isn't possible, so if you're high maintenance then do the staff a favor and stay home they work very hard and deserve all the respect possible.ENJOY ! AND BE HAPPY ! DRINK MAMA JUANA !!! From Virginia, United States  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TLoralie
<Content>You won't be disappointed! If you read any negative reviews about this place then I don't understand where the people are coming from. We loved this place. This was our second time to Punta Cana. Last year we stayed at LTI and had a great time and this year found this place even better. The room was fantastic - nice and big and clean and a bit tub and great shower. Always had lots of clean towels.The beach was beautiful and we enjoyed having our own private adult side.The food was great especially at our own Royal side restaurant. They take very good care of you there. We went to the French as well and really enjoyed it. We generally had breakfast and lunch at the buffet by the beach as the view is spectacular.The staff were friendly and love it when you try to learn their language.The drive there is only 15 mins away so you're the first to get dropped of and last to get picked up which was great.The weather was consistent and hot every day - not a drop of rain.Our own private pool was great and generally we only went there between 4-5 pm a we were on the beach from 7am-4 pm and got down there around 6:15 am each day to put our towels on our chairs under a hut.If we go back we hope to go here again!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>gripper1957
<Content>Awesome Vacation       sunrise  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>b1anca
<Content>Catalonia We were 3 adults (30, 36, 38 years old) staying at the Royal Catalonia. The resort is beautiful. Food is very good. All restaurants were good. The Royal side is basically a scam. The rooms are better looking, but apart that, I dont see why you would wanna stay there. Its adults only, the pool is empty all the time without action and games. The beach is just beside the regular beach for the others who didnt booked the Royal. We were always on the regular part as the Royal was just dead.Pools are both ok. The beach was unfortunately full of see weed. On the beach and in the water. It was very ugly.We rented a car for 3 days and went to MAcao beach wich is up north Punta Cana. From the locals, this is the best beach of all Punta Cana so If I return to the Dominican Republic, I would go at a hotel near byExcept for the ugly beach, our stay was pleasant. There is a disco at night and shows, also a casino. French restaurant was the best following by the mexican. The restuarant for the Royal side (reserved for the Royal visitors), is the worst and a waste of time. Its serve fish only. I love fish but our 3 plates were not good.staff was pleasant with a lot of security guards on the resort. kids shows every night before the adults main show. Lots of families and old people. Not so much of party people.hope this help a bit if you wanna know more..biancabeauchamp@videotron.ca  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAngels
<Content>Absolutely brilliant holiday! We did a lot of research before picking the Royal Catalonia, and were very very happy with our choice. Do take the reviews with a grain of salt on here, of course things will be different from home - this is the whole reason you're travelling! If the food was the same, rooms the same, surroundings the same, then why even bother leaving in the first place. So regardless of where you stay, a good attitude is always key. That being said - I have no complaints! Our holiday got off to a shaky start with Transat Holidays, but this was bad customer service from the airline, nothing to do with the resort. Once we arrived in Punta Cana, it was smooth finding our shuttle and check in was easy as well. I'm not sure all the shuttles are aware that there are two entrances, one from regular Catalonia and one for Royal because I questioned them and they said it was the same entrance from everyone. Not so, but the bellman was happy to golf cart us over to the Royal side and we were treated like gold. I didn't even say my name and they knew who we were, so not sure if it was a slow day or what, but that was nice!The rooms were beautiful. Clean, spacious, tons of extra ammenities. Loved the hammock and the soaker tub. Tons of hot water in the shower and a dehumidifier which was handy! Maid service was fantastic, we tipped $2 a day and always had a fully stocked fridge, fresh towels, everything. She came a couple times a day sometimes, because we would drink all the beer, go to dinner, come back and it would be full! So excellent service.I thought that staff were fabulous. No, they don't all speak english. But they don't expect you to speak fluent Spanish. Do yourself a favour and brush up on the basics. Please, thanks, Hello, Goodbye, etc. That and a smile is all I had and never had a problem. Sure I got rose instead of white a couple times, but whatever, haha.The a la Carte Resaraunts were also really good. I would rate them, from best to worst 1. Japanese 2. Mexican 3. Thalassa 4. Grill house 5. French (The French restaraunt is changing to Italian in May 2008 FYI). The most hilarious thing was watching other people skeptically try ing to eat sushi with a knife and fork at the Japanese. Don't order the Caribbean prawn at Thallasa... we're still not sure what it was, but it was clear and goey and not the sort of prawn you're thinking of.!!! But other then that food was great! Has continental breakfast room service one day and it was almost ridiculous how much food they brought... I felt a little glutunous!The pool was good, only spent the last day there, because we're beach people. Tons of chairs and huts, never had a problem getting a chair or shade (the sun is STRONG - be careful with spf 30 i still burned second day!). Beach was fab, private with a private beach bar, soooo good.Nightly entertainment was sort of cheesy. We still watched some of it, and it was great they had the option but it wasn't my sort of thing. There's shops, the creparie, casino and the disco, so there are tons of choices though!Excursions, we did Saona Isle which was great, not many people on the part of the island they took us too! SO interesting driving through the Dominican towns on the way to and from the dock, very interesting perspective into everyday life. We also did the Reef Explorer which was great, recommend it opposed to the Marinarium which is just a booze cruise, and we figured we got enough free booze at the hotel. Reef explorer is less people and you get to swim with tons of rays and sharks, whereas the marinarium one is just a little enclosure, and we also got to go sea kayaking, and got 15 minute massages on this floating pier in the middle of the ocean while drinking fresh juices. Heaven! My boyfriend also golfed the course on Catalonia (9 par, he did 9 holes twice) and said it was pretty good. I think it was $60 plus $20 club rental. The guy at the golf shop was sooooo sweet and kind and even offered a gold cart to check out the course before he paid! He got chatting with him , and my boyfriend found out that he only makes $8 a DAY... which is mad, really. So keep that in mind and tip when you get good service! We saw SO many people that didn't tip at the a la cartes and I think that is really poor effort, and not acceptable when you get good service. Even just a few dollars makes a difference!I paid $60 to have an hour massage at the Royal spa and it was really good but keep in mind there are little windows and anyone in the spa can look into the massage room, so keep in mind if you go topless and are subconcious.hmmmm I guess my only other things to say would not be complaints but obervations... there are no clocks in the rooms, so bring an alarm! Especially if you do excursions because some of them start early! Also, the air con is powerful! I actually got cold when i slept and had to turn it off. But hey, at least there was air con!We had such such such a good time and would definintely go back!!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShaunWisconsin
<Content>Excellent!!!!!!! I have to say, we were a little nervous going to the Royal. There were so many mixed reviews, but all my husband and I wanted was some time away together. So it was a pleasant surprise when we arrived. We knew it was going to be bigger than most other resorts we tend to gravitate towards. We like the small, intimate resorts. The arrival was a little frazzling, our Reps had changed the color of their shirts, and it took us a little time to get our bearings. But then we were on our way. Check-in went without a hitch. Of course, we arrived early and had to wait for our room, but that is normal. We went scouting. Found our room and got our bearings.The room was lovely. A suite style, with balcony. I soaked in the massive tub three evenings, while my husband napped in the hammok. Our cleaning woman was the sweetest. Our room number 4226. Excellent view over the pool. Many evenings, we just hung out and sat on our balcony and relaxed. One thing though, there are no irons in the room. You could rent one, if you were lucky, so bring your own.The staff was fun and very courteous. I always, always, believe that if you treat someone with respect, they will return it. And being the case, we had no problems with the staff. In fact, I sent my husband for a bottle of wine for the room one evening, and three cervecas, 5 staff and a manager, the wine steward beat my husband back to the room! Unfortunately, we do not speak much spanish, and it was a challenge. But they did everything they could to figure out what he was trying to get across.Make sure to take a spanish dictionary. Just small things help.Now, the food. I have to say, this was one of my disappointments. There was large variety, and the Japanese restraunt was wonderful. But it was a little lacking in taste. They had theme nights, and I wonder what they think a Western cuisine is? I thought ribs, steak, something with barbeque sauce, nope. So be careful of the theme nights, not what you expect sometimes. The very best, was the wood-grilled pizza over at the Bavarro pool. Chaos, let me tell you, I think every family had 5 children, but worth it. This small grill type restraunt was open till 6 pm and we had to go, at least 4 times for lunch, even a snack b-4 dinner. But beware, as soon as it is taken from the oven, sliced and set down, it was gone! So be ready to set your feet!The Royal was a wonderful experience. Adults only on this side, and very quiet. You could mosey over to the otherside, check things out, but then, you returned, and it felt like home. Bar service was wonderful. Great Bartenders. Watch the Mama Juana juice. Whew! We have never experienced the friendliness of so many other travelers. Most, stay to themselves. Not here, all you had to do was strike up a conversation. Amazing! I just cannot say enough. And of course, we were there when Bret Favre had retired. What conversations we had! So many different countries wanting to know about it! Some men cried! Some gave accounts of favorite Favre games. It was a true tribute from all over the globe.This is not an Americanized resort. Don't drink the water. Only the bottled water, don't even open your mouth in the shower, or brush your teeth with it, but, if you take your dictionary, you can leave a note for the cleaning woman with $5 and you will receive a case of water. Be pleasant. You are on their island. And have fun.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>johnanddebbie
<Content>Excellent       Main Beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hope43
<Content>Amazing vacation at the Royal Catalonia       Royal Room  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FunClub_Toronto
<Content>Incredible Week in the DR       Royal room  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>last905
<Content>catalonia vs royal catalonia Our reaction to the Royal Catalonia has to be placed in the context of our last two resorts in Punta Cana. They were both impressive, featuring lots of marble, grand staircases, and swimming pool/lagoons that meandered through landscaped grounds. In short, they were gorgeous.The Catalonia. by contrast, is pleasantly old fashioned. Its main buildings are plain. The buffet is open to the air (and birds) on three sides instead of being sealed and air conditioned. The center of the resort is a park extending from the lobby/buffet to the pool/beach. It is dominated by mature tropical trees, bushes and flowers, complete with explanatory labels. There is even a bandstand. I loved its traditional calm ambience. It's so unslick, so unglitzy.But we didn't have to actually live there. Accommodations in the Catalonia were a bit dated and shabby, and the public areas, often noisy.In the Royal Catalonia, by contrast, the rooms are modern. Floral/geometric print fabrics have been updated to cool beige and hotel art by mirrors. And so the already large room appears even larger and airier. The furniture is light, stylish and functional. Even the TV is flat screen. The front desk people were professional and cooperative. A similar esprit de corps was evident with waiters, maids, groundskeepers and security. Even the recreation equipment, e.g. boats, gym, was shipshape. I am at a loss to explain this work force professionalism. We saw little of such discipline at other resorts. And, of course, the royal private beach and pool area were quiet and uncrowded.There is one problem. You want the Royal Catalonia, not the plain, ordinary Catalonia. And because they have a reputation for overbooking, there is a real possibility that you could be dumped into the shabby poor relation. It happened to us! And to all the others who came in the same night.. Although we were moved after one day and received apologies and freebies, we wasted much of our first day running back and forth and repacking and lugging luggage.You have been warned!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DiveDivaOntario
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro from Feb 28 to Mar 9 and had a fabulous time. Our first night we spent on the regular side as there were no rooms on the Royal side, we arrived at 11pm after a full day of travelling but Ramona greeted us with such enthusiasm and showed us to our rooms, our bags followed shortly after. Our tour rep made sure that we were compensated financially and the hotel gave us some coupons for massage, and the ATV excursions. We also had fruit baskets, chocolate palm tree sculptures and rum in our room when we got it the next day. We felt the grounds and rooms were the best we have encountered in the Carribean, the food was average, we have had better but we certainly did not starve. If you are a picky eater it may be that you will not be completely happy. I hate green peppers and they are in almost everything but I managed to eat well and never felt deprived!!! The staff did their best to be helpful, courteous and friendly. I learned a little Spanish and I hope I taught a little English! My husband and I dive so we spent many hours down under the sea!!! The dive staff were fantastic, Mark and Ires you are so wonderful, thankyou from the bottom of my heart. I am a very new diver and very nervous but they made me feel safe and confident in my new skills. I am also very sea sick and they were great about my attempt at diving beyond the reef, it did not happen as I was too sick! My husband said the ATV trip was far beyond what he thought they would get. He said that it was well worth it even if he had to pay for it. Go with an open mind and heart and you will be rewarded with a magical vacation.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dokest
<Content>Trip to Punta Cana We stayed at the Royal Catalonia Bavarro in Nov 2007. This is an all inclusive resort in Punta Cana which has one side for families and one side for adults only. Let me start by saying you couldn't have asked for better weather! The rooms on the adult side were beautiful. Large, clean, and well maintained. We heard many stories of how that was not the case on the family side. Pools were beautiful but closed at 6pm as did the beach which was very disappointing. The food was little better than mediocre at the buffets as well as the restaurants. The casino is small and not all the tables were open. The entertainment wasn't as good as most high school productions and the disco played only salsa music the 4 nights we went there. The bars closed at 12:00 so if you are into the night life go somewhere else. Ther is NOTHING nearby to do, no other resorts or restaurants. The excursions are limited and most are an hour or more away. If you are looking to call it a night early and reap the benefits of the sun in a relaxing atmoshere all day this is more for you. Can't even imagine what people did with their kids after about 7pm. Over all it was a nice experience but we were definitely disappointed with the lack of nightlife. Oh, and you better speak Spanish because only the people at the desk have a clue to communicate. Wouldn't return to this particular resort.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveNewfDrool
<Content>Let me take you there in detail       Main Pool  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>KennyGKamloops
<Content>Fabulous Holiday Had a wonderful 2-week trip at the Catalonia Royal Bavaro. Spent 2 days at the non-Royal side and while it was nice, the Royal was outstanding. Well worth the extra money in terms of the beautiful room, quieter pool and beach. Also, having access to 3 extra bars (Lobby, pool and beach) was very convenient. The Royal Restaurant was a very nice change from the large buffets, and having unlimited access to all the al la cartes made for excellent choices.We golfed at the hotel's 18 hole course and really enjoyed it. The price was quite reasonable too--they were offering a special while we were there of $75 per round which included your transportation to and from the hotel and a cart. The course wasn't busy so we were able to golf in the mornings when it wasn't super hot and then we were easily back in time for lunch before hitting the beach. We played 4 rounds and were really glad we had made the effort to bring our clubs down.The staff at the Royal and non-Royal side for the most part provided excellent customer service and were friendly. In particular, our favourites were: Angel Juana, Guest Services Manager who corresponded with us in advance of our trip and gave us amazing service when we arrived. Alex, one of the Royal security men was so cute and George, our favourite beach bar server, never let us down. Really, we were treated very well by all the workers and we just wished we could speak a bit more Spanish to converse with them more--most of the workers had a little English--certainly more than our poor Spanish!We highly recommend the one day trip to Saona Island. We booked ours through Franklin, who has an umbrella office set up right next to the non-royal side beach snack bar. We paid $70 each and it was worth every penny! The bus ride was about 2 hours each way and gave us a good look at the countryside and Higuey, a much larger city than we expected. We then took a speed boat to the Island, stopping for about 30 minutes on a sand bar to swim and take pictures of the huge star fish. The Island beach was amazing--white sand, turquoise water--excellent swimming in the waves which weren't so rough that you felt you were taking your life in your hands. We had a great beach picnic lunch, with drinks provided and then relaxed for a few hours. The best was the 2 hour catamaran ride back--what a blast! (also much rum drinking!) It is a long day (12 plus hours), but was a highlight of our vacation.We highly recommend the Catalonia Bavaro. If you are younger and want lots of action and don't mind crowds, the regular side is for you. We are both 53, and while we like to have fun, we also wanted a relaxing time so the Royal was perfect for us. We met some wonderful people from all over the world on this vacation--a special hi to Kathy and Dennis from Abbotsford!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunlovinfromtheCape
<Content>Enjoyable Experience This was our second trip to Punta Cana within a 4 week time frame. We loved it so much we had to return. Our first trip was to the Sirenis.This is part of a bigger resort with the Royal side being available to Royal guests only.Check in - Private Check in. Very easy, very quick. Pleasant staff. Great drinks (Banana Mama)Room - Spacious, clean, welcome basket and robes/slippers waiting upon arrival. The basket included fruit and a bottle of rum. The fridge was cleaned and restocked daily. Very nice bathroom with shower. Very large deep tub was in the actual room. The balcony has a table, chairs and hammock. Room Service is included in the Royal side with a nice selection of sandwiches and fruit.Pool - Royal pool was very nice, small and relaxing. Had to rise early to find a spot but chairs became available as the day went on. The pool at the Catalonia side was very large, loud and crowded. Beach - Royal side had more seaweed/coral than the Catalonia side but was very quiet and relaxing. All of the noise and action takes place on the Catalonia side, which had less seaweed. The bar is just a few feet away and there was also waitress/waiter taking drink orders throughout the day as well as providing some fruit.Food - Royal breakfast was very good. Eggs/Bacon made fresh with mimimal wait or line up. The buffet was also enjoyable. We ate a la carte on the Royal side and Japanese and enjoyed it. The buffett always had something to choose from. One issue was the walk/distance back from the beach for lunch. Excursion - We took the trip to Saona Island. The most beautiful beach! The trip was very long and the speed boat uncomfortable but would recommend trying it once. All food and drinks are included.I cannot comment on the entertainment as we were often very tired after spending the day at the beach so we did not attend any of the shows.Overall, we enjoyed the experience at the Catalonia but we decided to return to the Sirenis in November as we preferred the beach and layout of the Sirenis.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>erin_bat
<Content>Perfect for Relaxing       Royal Catalonia Bavaro  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BowmanvillePrincess
<Content>No Problem, Go with low expectations and a positive attitude B) Let me start by saying, I read every review after choosing the Royal Catalonia. I basically chose the hotel by the room picture and golf option package. What a trip we received. Please don't be jealous. When we arrived, we were told the hotel was overbooked, so I ran to the lobby bar to get a drink and relax. The next thing I know my cab is waiting to take me somewhere else, with a free voucher in hand to come back to the Royal within the year. I think there was 15 of us who got sent to The Sivory (about 1 hour away) to start our vacation. Like I said, I went with low expectations, and a positive attitude. This was a blessing of a lifetime. We were greeted with champagne and cool towels, and immediately taken to our suites. There is only 55 suites at this spa/wine hotel. I think we had 15 staff for every one of us. No complaints. We had the chef from the Four Seasons Hotel ( Yorkville) Toronto. This was a lovely Boutique Hotel, but very quiet. We heard about the ( I think 12 ) Rowdies at the Royal, we sometimes wished we were with you , because we came to party also. We just had to make our own fun. We had no night life. Just fine dining and cigar and piano bars. The Royal paid for our cab to come back and forth to golf, or just to spend the day there. We loved our Driver, he was awesome. He took us to the Supermarket and Local Bar. We never encountered and problems. The hotel staff was waiting for us when we finally arrived back hours late, like worried parents. My experience at the Royal for 1 day: (sorry to have to compare it to a World Class Spa. Mind you I wasn't wearing a wristband and people tried to ignore me or harass me like they probably should have. The Thalassa breakfast was not great. The syrup was odd, and the coffee strong (please realize it is like that everwhere) , they also didn't bring me cream. I left and tried the beach buffet. I don't think they realize bacon should be cooked, because it is smoked. It pretty much looked like raw bacon. Maybe they will cook it more, I don't know because they were closing. I met alot of nice people. Shout out to Carla and Carl from Jersey, Rosaline and Frank from Mississauga and Ann and John from Spain. Frank sorry about your table again, I really am a nice person. I ate lunch at the large buffet, I think my husband would have preferred the food here to the spa (he was golfing with a packed lunch from the Sivory). You can get anything! I tried a teaspoon of everthing. I am a total foody and was o.k. with the food at the Catalonia buffet. Huge bread selection, which we didn't have any at our hotel. The desserts were great, maccaroon chocolate brownie cake, creme caramels, you name it. At least I got to spend 1 whole day at the Royal so I will know what to expect when I come back next January. We will meet all our new friends back in 1 year for our free trip compliments of The Royal. I loved the Coco Loco slushie machine at the Royal Beach Bar. As for the Abraham Special Drink I heard about on trip advisor,(my husband brought it back from his first golf day ,in the cab for me to the other hotel), it wasn't worth it. Don't worry if you don't speak Spanish, you won't starve to death or be thirsty. We had a great time. Thanks Gary, Christina, and Rachel, we made some amazing memories. Cheers to the Royal for making us comfortable in the Dominican Republic. Have a Coco Loco for me. P.S. this was our first vacation together in 20 years of being together, and it was certainly worth the wait. Be patient at the hotel they will try their best to accomodate you, but everybody wants to upgrade to the Royale side, and they can't make EVERYBODY Happy.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chef Bronia
<Content>Very pleasant vacation       Royal Catalonia Lobby  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IslanderWaterloo
<Content>Not quite what we expected We chose this resort as it was adults only and fairly new.Upon arrival we were greeted with a couple problems. One my husbands luggage was a no show for l day and we had no Sunquest Rep at the location to tell us anything,. We called a meeting with him finally on Monday, after arriving the Friday before. This we had never encoutered before. We have always had a briefing.Rooms were fantasic. Nice and extremely clean and well kept.The resort was quiet as it had no children. Drinks and bartenders were excellent.Food was nothing to write home about. I think it is about the same no matter whether you are in a 3 or 5 star.A FYI to anyone going. Book your alacartes as soon as you get there as they fill up and are hard to get in. We only got in l.Another thing not mentioned in book is beach is about a 5 minute stroll from building. No ocean front room and can not be seen from buildings.Beach is nice however if you want any snacks you have to go to the other side as there are no snack areas in the Royal side.Quite a few people were sent to different hotels as they overbooked and there were a lot of irate travellers.Overall not bad, but definitly over priced for what you get. Not a 5 star. 4 at bestEnd of trip was being scammed at airport by custom officers checking carryon. Be careful and wear you money around your waist in money belt. . You are not insured for money loss, and we had no one to report it to as they were security. Be very careful that way. Lesson learnt by a lot of people that night. Money belts are cool.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	2	4	4	

<Author>jhawkfan
<Content>Loved it! My fiance and I went to this resort in June with 3 other couples, and we thought it was the perfect choice! We had a great time, and Staying at the Royal was definitely worth the extra money. Rooms: The rooms were VERY nice. The royal side of the hotel is very new, we were the first people to ever stay in our room. There was a bathroom with a shower, a jacuzzi tub, balcony with a hammock, and a nice sitting area. Be sure you use the safes for everything, we did have some jewelry stolen, I accidentally left it on the bedside table. The rooms were very clean every day though!Food: The buffets for lunch and breakfast were very average. Same choices every day, it got a little old by the end of the week. The dinner restaurants were great though! The Japanese was our favorite, be sure to try it! Steakhouse and mexican were good, we enjoyed having some good beer there, Budweiser and Corona:) Staff: The staff was very helpful when they could be. You have to ask for someone who speaks english before you start talking, or you will get all the way finished and have to start over with someone else. anytime I called the the front desk I said habla ingles first, and they would get someone for me. The nightly shows here weren't as good as other resorts I have stayed at, but we would sit in the bar and listen to them anyway, it was so nice at night we enjoyed the mild temps outside! The rest: We went to Saona Island for a day. It was a lot of fun. A really far drive, but it was nice to get off the resort for a day. The guys went to a cigar factory and Highly recommend it. It was free, set it up at the front desk, and they come get you and bring you back. The pools were nice, we liked the main pool, we went in the off season and the pool on the royal side had very few people at it. It was nice when we just wanted to sunbathe or relax. Overall, we had a great time and plan to go back!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rehcuob
<Content>Ok but not that great Let me say the weather is fantastic, resort beautiful place well maintained. The food on the other hand is definetely average. We tried to golf several times at the resort but were always told they had no carts as they were out at another course for a tournament. They did offer to bus us to a diferent course which was nice but it used up a large part of our day doing this. Staying at the royal side we had our own resturant. But the menu never changes much. Breakfast here is not recomended go to the buffet instead. A much bigger selection and better. Same for lunch. Dinner if you like steak Its called veal medallions this is the best steak we found. The grilled lobster is quite mushy but edible. {I have been to Negril at a couples resort and thought the food and atmosphere were much better there}. The staff is very friendly and tries to be helpful but language is a barrier, but with a spanish cheat sheet which they thought was great we all got by. Yes there is seaweed on the beach but its the ocean. Overal It was a nice place yes we had some issues but it was also fun.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jbrocchi
<Content>Wonderful book this trip now, we are a couple from NY and had the best week ever at Royal Catalonia. We just came back last night and i wish i was back soaking up that sun right now. i cant understand how anyone can write bad reviews about royal catalonia. You know what i guess if your a miserable person you will have a miserable vacation. We had the best time. book the royal because for minimal $$ you get the best of both. i loved our Royal section for the days (pool and beach and lunch) Our Thalisa restaurant is also excellent. for the ala carte i recommend the French  Japanesse i was not crazy about the Rodeo Steakhouse. it was tacky . if you want alot of whooping it up in the day take a 5 minute walk to the regular catalonia pool  beach. extremely crowded and loud but seemed like alot of fun and partying, i just wasnt into that this time around, i wanted more elegance and relaxation which is what i found on the royal side. dont hesitate book this trip it is great. the staff little english but they try so hard. few americans but who cares when you are away it is nice to meet differnt people. alot of canadians which were party animals :) alot of french, germans alot of europeans in general which were great. everyone we came across were wonderful. room service is great for snacking, after your day at the pool it was great to order their mozzarell platter, cheese platter, and sliced coldcut platter (sopparsat, prociutto, ham) just ask por favor numero uno, numero ocho and numero nuevo) thats the #'s on the menu what i just said for above. thank me later :).. lastly enjoy this vacation i think we will be going back either for thanksgiving or christmas. feel free to contact me  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>downsouthdixie
<Content>Definitely not the Mayan Let me start by saying we went in as a group of 12 adults looking for fun with no children, but we weren't looking for the old folks ward. We found that for the most part the guests were annoyed with our group who were drinking and whooping and just overall having fun. We were actually talked to at the pool one day by the staff and told they had had 4 complaints about us. Let me say that the staff handled it well and told us to continue having fun and not leave, but wanted us to know that they had experienced complaints about our group. Enough on that subject. We also found that this resort caters hugely to the Europeans. I don't want to offend anyone so I'll leave it at that. We found the beach on the royal side to be nice except for the seaweed. We never had a problem finding a hut or sunbeds at any time we were down there.The food! We weren't all satisfied with the food. We found the buffet to have a huge variety but everything started to taste the same after awhile. Like others we found that finding service in the buffet was a challenge as well. There is a huge language barrier in the Dominican if you do not speak spanish or french. The staff try hard but need to be trained far better than what they are in this resort. It's not that these people don't try, they do but I believe this resort is truly understaffed and undertrained. It was nothing to wait 10 minutes or more for a drink, and poolside service is not an option when you are looking for a drink. We went to all of the restaurants and found them all edible but not spectacular. When we stayed in Cancun we got spoiled by having a snack bar 24 hours and here we found that once you finished supper you were pretty much on your own other than the Creperie that was supposed to stay open late but on a few occasions was closed when we walked by later in the evening. The same group of 12 had travelled to Cancun two years ago and for the most part we found the food in Mexico better.Some of our group ended up with cockroaches in their rooms and reported it to the management and the cleaning staff did spray but as you are in a hotel with gaps under the doors this did not seem to help much. Some of the rooms had dehumidifiers and some did not. We happened to stay in one that did not but we really never had any problems with wet clothes in our room. The beds are fairly firm but we also never seemed to have too much trouble falling asleep in them and never really had back problems. Overall this is not a really bad resort, it's just not what we were expecting. If you are just going to lie by the pool and relax for a week and not want to do much you may enjoy this resort.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	4	2	2	

<Author>suncountrytraveler
<Content>Excellent Vacation       Pool on the Royal Side  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>sunlover083
<Content>Ocean swimming very disappointing       Seaweed coastline  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CANEWBIE
<Content>A fabulous holiday. Punta Cana, Dominican Republic,Caribbean,North AmericaReviewer: A Trip Advisor Member, Toronto, CanadaJust got back last night from Catalonia Royal Bavaro. For those of you considering Punta Cana for your upcoming vacation, I would heartily recommend this hotel. The ROYAL signifies that this is the adults only part of a larger hotel--sort of a boutique hotel within a larger complex. The 4 Royal buildings are all newly refurbished and the rooms are huge. Each balcony/terrace comes with a hammock ,a drying rack and a table and chairs.I would recommend a room on the second or third floor, as they are quieter and more private.Each day our room was strewn with flowers in the most original ways.And each night, our bed was turned down and fresh beach towels provided for the next day.Also incorporated within the Royal section are: it's own gorgeous pool, 2 whirlpools, plus our own airconditioned, TV-equipped fitness room,And, of course, the ubiquitous swim-up bar withgreat bartenders and fabulous drinks. Add to this the intangible that makes this part of the hotel even better--quiet!!! No children. Please do not think I dislike kids--I have three grown ones of my own and 7 gorgeous grandchildren. But when kids are in the pool I am always watching to see if they are safe (even when they are not mine) or trying to stay away from their beach balls, splashing etc.At Royal Catalonia one could talk with other travellers(mostly Canadians and Europeans),doze poolside, all without the interruptions of angry parents and misbehaving kids.But this is not all that makes Royal Catalonia great. We had our own restaurant, Thalassa, available for us exclusively for 3 meals a day. We tended to have leisurely breakfasts there, and a couple of great dinners. At other times ,we ate a quick salad at the large buffet in the main part of the hotel or ate at the beach barbecue (try the chicken)and had dinners at each of the a la carte restaurants. NB. Book those as soon as you arrive--they fill up quickly. We loved the French one (La Parisienne) and Mikado (Teppanyaki-style Japanese) but could have happily passed on Mariachi and Rodeo (Mexican and American Steak house respectively). The staff is wonderful, the resort immaculate and is constantly being worked on--gardens manicured, pool water always being tested, etc.We didn't take any excursions, but people who did enjoyed them. We just wanted to enjoy our days soaking up the Vitamin D from the sky rather than from a pharmacy. Try it, you'll love your time at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro. We'd go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JudyColo
<Content>You get what you pay for... We booked 8 days at the Royal Catalonia over New Years. It was a last minute booking for us and VERY reasonably priced for a Caribbean vacation (even on the Royal side of the resort). Our expectations were not high - we knew that we weren't staying in a luxury boutique hotel. Even so, we were disappointed in the resort and will not be returning. Our room was actually quite nice. the design is modern and well done - but the lighting is terrible. The bulbs are all flourescent and indirect...we could hardly read in bed. The bed was horrible - mattress was rock hard and the pillows were as well. Not being able to sleep comfortably had an impact on our holiday. The housekeeping staff seemed to clean on their own schedule - one day we had to wait until 6:15 at night to get our room serviced. The TV was great - as was the access to US television channels. And the bathroom was also very nice - all done in some sort of stone. The shower water temperature never got really hot, but was warm enough that it was OK.Food - the food was really horrible. Well presented but no taste. The reservations system (mentioned below) was a real hassle. Even the a la carte restaurants were just mediocre. And the buffets felt like a college mess hall - but the food was worse. I ended up getting sick from the food (and since it was on day 4 and I only ate at the resort, yes, I can confidently say it was the food from the resort that made me sick). I avoided the fish because it just didn't seem like it was fresh. My husband's lobster (at Thalasso) was bone dry. No matter what the food was, the flavor just fell short of the mark. The exception was the roasted chicken and the bean dishes. The table wines were barely drinkable. The beer, however, was quite good. Service was very very slow. In the buffet restaurants, you were lucky to be seated at a table with a clean tablecloth and silverware/water glass. Several times we had to get up to pour our own water or we waited until halfway to finally be able to flag someone down to get us drinks. The staff are friendly enough and seemed to be trying hard...my impression was that they are woefully understaffed. Room service was a joke. It consists of continental breakfast before 11 am (although we called at 10:50 am and was told it wasn't available), salads and cold sandwiches. One afternoon we ordered a salad and sandwich- and it took over an hour to get to the room. The pool and beach areas were great on the Royal side (on the Catalonia side they looked like a free for all). We were there during one of the busiest times of the year - if you put your towels out on pool chairs by 9:30 am you didn't have a problem getting one in your choice location. There were plenty of spots on the beach at all times. The beach was beautiful but the water can be a bit rough for swimming. One word of caution for Americans...there are a lot of smokers at this resort. Coming from somewhere that smoking is banned in restaurants, you'll be surprised how much second hand smoke you'll be breathing in the restaurants, lobby, pool, beach...everywhere. Cigar smoke as well. The bar staff was great and other than the quality of the wines (which was crap), i give the bar high marks. Overall, it's not an expensive resort and you can tell why. You definitely get what you pay for and should expect that at the Royal. Having said that, I don't think there is any excuse for the incidents of food poisoning (apparently I wasn't alone - based on the reviews below).  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>superxicanita
<Content>Fun In The Sun! I had read LOTS of reviews about Punta Cana, Dominican Republic on TRIP ADVISOR and was excited about traveling there. So, after reading several reviews about Adult Only all-inclusive resorts, we decided on the Royal Catalonia. We do not regret it. We had a wonderful experience beyond our expectations! Everyone was great. We were fully accomodated. We met several travlers who stayed on the other side which allowed children and they were as happy. We had some extra perks not offered on the other side such as 24 hour room service, an exclusive restaurant, etc. It was well worth the upgrade. The only drawback was that the resort was far from the other resorts and small towns. I'm definitely returning! December is great time of year!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elconejo
<Content>Good..but not Great Overall this is an average resort and I would probably stay here again if I had no other option. There are some drawbacks and lack of attention, mainly with the staff and guest services, that leave alot to be desired. We stayed on the Royal side, so we did like the more sedate atmosphere of Adults only and the quieter playa.The property is well maintained, beatifully landscaped and very appealling. The beach is not the best in Punta Cana, but was acceptable. Beachside drink service on the Royal playa is excellent because there are fewer people for the staff to serve there. Some 'propina' each day to the bar staff at the playa improves your service and is really needed by the locals as they are paid peanuts compared to wages in developed countries. Security throughout the resort is good except for the occasional annoying peddler on the playa purveying an excursion or a photo shoot. As has been stated by other reviews here, the food in the buffets is about average and reminds one of the fare on a lower-priced cruise line. The service in both buffet restaurants is slow and the selection of beverages are few. Cerveza, water, limited sodas and undrinkable table wines are all that are offered. Attention to detail in the buffet restaurants is lacking..for example the panini grills not being turned on until well after lunch started so that you could not grill your panini, good hamburger meat and good buns..but no condiments. Rock lobster and crab claws that tasted 2 weeks old, no labeling of the foods, especially salads, so that you would know what is was your were eating. Meat quality in the buffet restaurants is poor unless you opt for the roasted chicken or carved pork or duck. The a la carte restaurants are marginally above average. We dined in the steakhouse and Thallassa restaurants and opted to skip the Japanese due to a poor report from another guest. The wine selection in these restaurants is better however you have to pay extra. My ribeye and my companions sirloin in the steakhouse were good, as where the side items. The lobster in the Thallasa was only marginally better than those in the buffet restaurants. One very ridiculous reservation policy in these restaurants is that you have to make reservations for the next day, but to do so you have to come to Guest Services between 11:30 -1:00pm to do so. So, if you are at the playa for the day, you have a long hike back to Guest Services just to reserve a table. As with other rules at this resort...this seems stupid. Our first morning at this resort I called Room Service for coffee, tea and fruit...two hours later it still had not arrived. When it finally did arrive it was one guy carrying two pots in one hand and a plate of fruit in the other..no utensils, napkins, cream, sugar...nada. We did not call room service again...and this is one of the things they state so proudly upon check-in: 24 Hour Room Service. Actually what that means is it will arrive within 24 hours. Other guests that we spoke to had similar experiences with the room service. The rooms are above average and well maintained. There are nice touches such as the 2 person tubs, the hammock on the balconies and patios, and the efficient dehumidifier in the rooms. However the beds are somewhat hard and the pillows definately need to be upgraded. Room cleaning was efficient and quiet and attentive to guest needs. The restaurants, casino, some bars and some of the shops were frequently sold out of common items such as items on the menu, call-brand liquors, cigarettes, hygene products, etc. The large bar in the main lobby area is woefully understaffed and it sometimes took 15 minutes or more to get a drink. Most of the guests here during our stay were European or Canadian and it was great to get a chance to meet people from other countries...I am an American and I enjoy going to a resort were there are alot of people from other cultures to meet. Non-Americans also seem to have a different standard by which they judge a resort, so some of my comments may seem trivial by foreign standards. However, I do believe that this resort could excell by increasing the training of their staff, and by increasing their staff during the busy times...it would improve this property greatly.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>rlw0247
<Content>Perfection Overall Opinion: My family and I stayed at the Catalonia Royal Bavaro from 6 December through 20 December 2007, it was absolutely perfect from the time we arrived. The staff is so friendly and polite and are there to help you with anything that you could possibly imagine. Check-in was a breeze and within minutes we were being carted by golf cart to our villas. We were also at the resort during the hurricane, it was definitely an experience, but the staff was wonderful and even called our rooms to make sure we were all ok and doing well and whether there was anything that they could do to make things more enjoyable. I had the wonderful opportunity to get to know some of the staff which were very nice and saw a completely different side of the Dominican Republic that few resort goers get to see. My friends as I will call them Willys (Reception and Employee of the year!), Ramona (Reception) and Angel (Thalassa) were always available to help translate and answer any questions that you may have. They are also a lot of fun! The entire place is wonderful and full of wonderful friendly people. The resorts appearance was always shining and sparkly, the staff is always cleaning something. I have traveled the Caribbean and the Dominican Republic by far is my favorite island for its natural unspoiled beauty and for the people who always have a hello and a smile for you. I am in love and will be returning as soon as possible. Stay here you will definitely not be disappointed One suggestion that I would make to make your stay a little bit better is to bring little presents for the housekeeper ( I took make up, perfume and little things like that to leave everyday her everyday) taking care of your room and leave a tip $1 or $2 at every meal, you will come to the restaurants and already find the drinks you always order waiting for you and they will be a lot more attentive of you鈥nd its only a $1!! I would also suggest if you are planning on leaving the resort to bring a bag of hard candy for the little kids, it is so wonderful to see their faces light up when you give them something.Accommodations: The resort was absolutely picturesque. The resort was beautifully decorated for Christmas with thousands of tiny twinkle lights everywhere. I never saw anywhere or anything that was unclean or that I thought needed attention, from the food service areas to the public bathrooms located on the resort, everything was clean and beautifully decorated with flowers. The rooms on the royal side were beautiful with huge king sized canopy beds, large round tubs, showers, flat screen TVs, and your own balcony with hammock. My room was cleaned beautifully everyday and flowers left all over鈥y housekeeper Senora Altagrazia was the cutest little lady, very friendly and polite! The grounds were unbelievable too; green and lush with maintenance people always keeping it looking tip top. I would rate the appearance of the resort and the rooms a 10 out of 10 Food: The food is relatively good, my favorite part was the huge amount of fruits and vegetables that were available. A must for breakfast is the Grand Caribe buffet which has different stations for eggs and omelets cooked to order and the most delicious chocolate croissants鈥 ate about 4 everyday! 飦?Our favorite of the main restaurants was the Mikado, we ate at all of them and all served ok food but the best was the Mikado. You can also get 24 hour room service which is very prompt and you can basically get what ever you want. I would give the food an 8 out of 10. Beach: The beach was absolutely beautiful, I would tell you to explore the beach on both sides outside of the resort, you will find some of the most beautiful beaches ever. There is some seaweed on the beach on the resort as well as a lot outside of the resort, but it is not bad and on the resort they are always raking it up. It did not bother me at all and I went to the beach everyday鈥y thought on the matter is why sit by the pool when the beach is in your back yard?!? This defiantly gets a 10 out of 10! Excursions: My family and I went on 5 excursions, they were all fun in different ways and I cannot pick a favorite. We went to Saona Island, this is so wonderful you take a bus to Bayahibe about 2 hours away from the resort and get on a speed boat which takes you to a sand bar in the middle of the ocean where you get to play and see huge star fish, after you have been there for about an hour you get back on the boat and continue to a private island which if you walk up the beach will find the best shells. You are also fed a good lunch and are able to dance, swim, snorkel, or beach comb for a few hours. You take a catamaran back to the Dominican Republic which is really fun, you are feeling the rum by this time and the ride consists of laughing and dancing to local music. The next excursion we went on is to Santo Domingo the capital of the Dominican Republic where you learn all about the island, it was fun and beautiful. We also went on the safari Bavaro Runners鈥his is a must do, you see the island outside the resort which I think is worth it, I am thinking about buying a condo for retirement and vacation purposes because of what I saw and experienced during my stay. Bavaro Runners also have a zip line excursion that we went on鈥his is also very fun and I would suggest it to anyone. We also went shopping in Bavaro at the Palma Real, which is a nice shopping center which has a Hard Rock Caf茅, Tony Roma鈥檚, and Caf茅 Montecristo. Everything was fun and enjoyable so you would win if you chose any of those excursion. This vacation was 100% perfect and I am definitely going back to the DR next year!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vacabuff01
<Content>Very enjoyable vacation My husband and I had a great time at this resort. The only problem was the weather. It was a little too windy for my liking. It felt about 20 degrees, when I was hoping for 30. Also, the Olga storm didn't help! It rained nonstop for only one day, but rained on occasion during the other 6 days. About the resort itself: the people working at the resort are fantastic! The resort is beautiful. We booked the non-Royal side of the resort and upgraded to Royal when we got to the hotel. We were so glad we did. The pool and beach is so much quieter on the Royal side. Plus, the restaurant, Thalyssa (exclusive to Royal), is the best restaurant in the resort. The Japanese and Mexican restauarnts are good, worth trying once. The French restaurant was so-so. The buffet was horrible. We did not try the steakhouse because we heard it was not very good. Thalyssa had veal medallion, which was awesome, so we didn't feel the need to go to the steakhouse. We took one excursion called Bavaro Runners, where we went into the rural areas and got a glimpse of how the residents lived. We had a great time. Our tour operator (Mimi) was hilarious! If you want to book at the Royal Catalonia (adults only), I would recommend booking the Catalonia (non-Royal) resort then upgrade to Royal when you get there. It's only an extra $20US/pp/night for the upgrade, which cost us less than $300 for the week. Had we booked the Royal resort with the travel agency, it would have cost us an extra $1,000. Not sure why the huge price discrepancy....  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bloomgirlri
<Content>very relaxing! Spent the first week of December at this resort and found it to be a very relaxing vacation! Originally planned to stay on the other part of the resort but upon check in decided to upgrade to the Royal. The adults only pool was wonderful! And although as some people pointed out there was some seaweed at the beach, it was still beautiful and didn't stop us from going in! There is definitely a much sandier beach area for the regular part of the resort, but we definitely liked that the area reserved for people staying on the Royal side was quieter. There seemed to be quite a few activities available if you wanted to participate, but I can't really give a review on these as the only activity I really involved myself in was walking back and forth from the beach to the pool to the beach, and flipping the pages on my book!The restaurant on the Royal side and specialty restaurants were all quite nice and the service was excellent. We walked thru the main buffet on the regular side but didn't eat anything there. I have to admit that we didn't find too much that looked appealing, but I wouldn't say it was the worst buffet that I've seen.... and we never tried it for breakfast, which quite a few people told us was very good! I can't comment enough on how accommodating and hard working we found most of the staff to be... we were always greeted with a smile and made to feel welcome.We probably will stay at another resort the next time we visit but only so that we can experience someplace new  to see what other places have to offer.Only thing disappointing was having to come back to the snow and ice after being in such paradise! Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SunSeekers036
<Content>Relaxing !!!!!!! November 7-14, 2007 Originally booked at the Catalonia Bavaro but after reading reviews decided to switch when we got there. Spent one night at the Catalonia in a very nice room and switched the next day for only $20 per person per night. The Royal is adult only and a major step up! Plasma TV's, 24 hour free room service, huge two person tub right in the room, access to all resturants, snacks brought to you poolside, many many empty seats at the pool, etc. Nice and quiet with no loud music blaring in your ears!! As is standard for the Punta Cana the beach is beautiful with plenty of seating and shade. Staff went out of their way to help make the vacation an enjoyable adventure. Resturants were very nice and satisfying. If you want a 5 star Pariesenne resturant go to Paris!! We have already recommended this resort to friends!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>SteveandLouise
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic, Couldnt ask for more! From the moment we arrived we were impressed. We arrived late in the day due to a flight delay, but despite the late arrival the front desk and bell boys were polite and helpful. We were shown to our room and i must say i did wonder if we'd been shown to the wrong room, it was stunning, a large hot tub, walk-in shower, flat screen TV and Hammock were all lovely surprises. This is learned was the standard for all the rooms - Excellent.The Thalassa restaurant was excellent. The quality of the food for Breakfat, Lunch and Dinner was cinsistently fantatic, although my only crisisim, would be the non changing dinner menu which could have proved slightly samey. Room Service was basic but very good and the Bar's on the royal side were all well stocked and the staff were extremely freidly and attentive.The normal side is a different story. We decided to have a Buffet Breakfast one morning, needless to say we stayed 5 minutes after a look at the buffet and headed back. After speaking to several other guests, they had only spent 1 night on the normal side before upgrading and one couple had become ill from the food on the normal side.The Royal pool was fantastic and all together we had an extremely relaxing week. I would definately return again, but ONLY to the royal side.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nancdamm
<Content>Most Amazing Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Catalonia Royal side October 16-23, 2007. From the second we arrived until the second we left we were treated and catered to hand and foot from the staff! We spent the majority of our vacation around the pool - which was amazing! Every morning the staff would bring around skewers of fresh fruit or sandwiches. I'm not sure where people are getting that the food here is bad, true the buffet on the other side of the resort is not very good but all the ala carte restaurants were very good. The restaurant on the Royal side (Thalassa) was excellent although the service for breakfast was slow at times but you're on vacation, what's the rush? If you can find the outdoor restaurant that has the spit roasted chicken it is well worth it (next to the children's pool on the other side of the resort).Jose and Basilio the bartenders were always ready with a quick smile and friendly banter. These guys are keepers!!!If you are looking for a laid-back relaxing vacation then this is the place to go.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canuckcounsel
<Content>Amazing Trip, Fantastic Resort We arrived 30 September 2007, stayed on the Royal side (more on that later) check-in was easy, the weather was beautiful, and the pina coladas and banana mamas were ice-cold.We had a slight problem with our door-lock, so the concierge kindly grabbed our luggage, stored it out of sight, as my better-half and I took in the fabulous pool and poolside bar.30 minutes later, we had fantastic suite with cold beer, a free bottle of rum, and a fruit basket. Booze aside, the room, pool, restaurants, club, shopping, shows, and people were perfect.The only downside was the beach which had occasional seaweed and was only 90% sand under water. Don't get me wrong, it was great, but there are better beaches to be had.The beach on the normal side of the resort was better, and the snorkeling with the thousands of multi-coloured fish was incredible. For only $25, make sure you try it.The restaurants were all amazing, particularly the Japanese, with its separate rooms and entertaining chefs. Stay away from the local wines, stick to the beer and mixed drinks. The Chicken Hut by the main pool has fantastic lunch: authentic burgers, flatbread pizza, roast chicken and the fixings.Breakfast is best at the Playa Restaurant by the beach, self-designed omelletes et al.The evening shows were unbelievable, some better than others, but well worth seeing. I had the dubious misfortune of being dragged on stage for one of the more memorable numbers and fun was had by all.The club (disco) was perfect, my gf laughed at my inability to dance, and the Animacion Team was great. Check out the Crepe Restaurant, work on your tan, and try not to enjoy yourself too much.I would recommend this resort to all couples, families (on the main side), and groups. This resort is a gem. I can't wait to go back, although I suspect my gf is going to take me somewhere else in the world next time.....  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sharing1
<Content>Great experience! Our holiday started 28 September and ended October 05/'07. We transferred from the other side of the hotel complex and thank heavens!! Our ratings for the ROYAL are the following:Room (comfort  cleanliness): 5+Food (high quality  variety): 5+Service (dining experience): 6Hotel staff (from front desk to housekeeping): 6Bar attendants/poolside attendants: 5+Grounds  pool: 5+In short we would love to go back and visit the Catalonia Bavaro ROYAL Resort!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vanessainsc
<Content>Beautiful Resort with sub-par food.       Sunset at the beach.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>travelineric73
<Content>Absolutely the best vacation       Notice the drinking cups  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JennK28
<Content>Royal side - a fantastic, relaxing vacation       another view of the pool  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>dogman_7
<Content>total paradise This was my our first vacation outside the U.S. and it was everything we hoped it would be and more!We chose the royal side because it was adults only,well worth the money.The room was beautiful,the pool was terrific and the beach was fantastic.We ate breakfast at the buffet every morning,we tipped Francisco who cooks the fresh eggs(over easy,scrambbled)5 bucks the first day,we had our eggs every morning after no waiting,soon as he seen us walk up he started making our order before rest of the people in line!Lunch at the beach was very good,we had burgers and the chicken.We had dinner at all the resturants,all were very good,Japanese was the best! We read some bad reviews before we left but can only say from our trip it is a fantastic place.Not 1 bad thing to tell you.We most deffinately will return for our vacation in the future.Tipping goes a long way here,these people don`t make much money so when you tip they really go the extra mile for you!My wife tipped the maid 5 bucks everday plus gave her lil things like coloring books,crayons,razor,shampoo,deodorant,sample perfumes,our room was filled with flowers everyday,she filled our tub and put roses in the water.Same with the bartenders,tip them and they will take very good care of you.You can get gifts at the shops at the beach,don`t give them the price they tell you,haggle with them you`ll pay less than half of what they want! They`re a lil pushy but very friendly.We were treated like Royalty all week,were sorry we had to leave.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>nja35
<Content>Worth the money spent I went to this resort and had a pretty fun time. The beach was beautiful and worth finding a spot. The water was fine even if there was a little sea weed that was fine they racked it twice a day. The laungauge is spanish, we spoke it every chance we got.The rooms were fine, power outages, fridge was not cold but you are in the D.R. not U.S. for me so I was fine with it. The food was pretty good, I was sick but it happens. The only thing I did not enjoy was the noise on the beach from the entertainemnt crew. They were loud, loud. Other than that it was pretty good the food was great. Be prepared for topless women..no big deal to me but maybe if I had my chidlren, simply because I would have to explain when in Rome.....  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>m0nkeygirl
<Content>Mostly good, some drawbacks       water  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>cphillips88
<Content>An Excellent Deal When selecting a resort to stay at when traveling, I first visit the trip advisor site and look at the negative and positive comments. Based on previous reviews, I selected the Catalonia Bavaro (Royal). There was a group of nine of us who stayed at the Royal side of the resort, which is the private adult side. As a Royal guest, you have access to both sides of the resort. The grounds were kept wonderful. Although there was a slight language barrier, it was not enough that it kept us from getting what we needed or wanted. Our rooms were beautiful at the Royal side and more than what I expected according to the pictures shown for the resort. They do not even have the pictures of the rooms for the Royal side on any site that I have yet seen. Sunken round tubs, decorated with beautiful flowers and towel swans, a private balacony with hammock, dvd player (free movie rental) and flat screen tv, air conditioning and ceiling fan. When I stepped into my room, I could not believe that I was getting that room, for the price I paid. The staff was very helpful. They do not move at the spead we are accustomed to in the US. They are very relaxed, and I quickly learned to relax and go with the flow also (it made for a much better vacation and that was why I was there, to relax!!!). The grounds were kept very well and you were always greated with a smile. I had the opportunity to eat at the steak, Japanese and Mexican restaurants. Thalasa was the restaurant on the Royal side of the resort. The food was good. Not one of us had a bad dish. My favorite was the Dominican Chicken at Thalasa. While there we did the ATV excursion (I had a blast and ran into the bushes!!!!). We also did the Luna Tours, Bavarro Runner excursion. Amos was our tour guide and we loved him. This was my favorite tour because we got to go among the locals, horse back riding, swimming, visit the sugar cane groves, and visit a local family and tour their home and see how they live. We tasted coco beans fresh from the tree and roasted ones. The Kontiki Party Boat was an absolute blast. We changed our Santo Domingo trip because the excursion travel time was absolutely too long. If I was to complain about anything, it is the nightly show. If you see it once, ok. It is nothing to write home about. Three things to remember, Spanish is the native language, so brush up on basic Spanish words, when bargining for souvenirs, if they say 50, you say 10, if they say 40, you say 15, if they say 30 you say 20 until you come to the price you want to spend, and also, yes tips are included in your price, but just imagine your salary being about $50.00 per week and the average rent being $300.00. Most of us can't imagine. Leave a couple dollars, they will more than appreciate it. I was never more blessed, than when seeing my maid smile from the tips and trinkets I left for her. That made my trip worth every penny. So I recommend the Catalonia Bavaro Royal 100%. It is an exceptional resort for the money!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lyndaEngland
<Content>Catalonia - The Royal       The  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chieflawdawg
<Content>Great resort       Beach on Royal side  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DianaMoonTownship
<Content>Don't listen to the naysayers... Catalonia Bavaro/Royal side is one of the best in the Dominican Republic! This was our 3rd time there (we stayed once on the other side -- it was good too, but Royal is much nicer).The Dominican people are happy people who want to please you -- yes there are some exceptions, but this is true everywhere.We are Americans, and unlike some of the other reviewers, we LIKE the fact that they don't speak alot of English -- it has the feel of being in a foreign country and you are forced to try to communicating using THEIR language! I speak VERY little Spanish and was able to communicate with the staff just fine. Keep your sense of humor and they will help you learn a little Spanish.We recommend that you bring $$ for tips -- TIP the exceptional staff members early in your stay and they will take good care of you all week!Basilio is our favorite bartender (Royal side) and Juan our favorite waiter (Thalassa). But there are MANY MANY other hard-working Dominicans that we also liked...  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TorontoGoLeafs
<Content>Okay but that is all... We spent a week on the Royal Side last summer, that was our third trip to the D.R. and our most disappointing.Our check-in was great and quite quick and we certainly had no complaints about the food... we also found most of the staff to be very kind and helpful (as is the case at most D.R. resorts).We were extremely disappointed with the beach... alot of seaweed which we never encounter at any of the other resorts we stayed at and we are definately beach people. Although we loved not having to run down early in the morning to get a cabana.The pool was fantastic, except for the day a small group of young children came over from the other side of the resort and started cannonballing into the pool and were not asked to leave until someone complained.Our biggest problem was getting into our room... we were locked out 3 nights in a row and one of those nights it was pouring, we were drenched and had to wait over an hour for the manager as no one could get us in, we ended up missing our dinner reservations as well. The manager was horrible to try and deal with and while I understand he has many guests to deal with I feel we deserved more attention than we got and the door should have been properly fix the first night. This experience mixed with the poor beach is what turned us off this resort. Never again will I return! Next month we are returning to the D.R. and staying at the Grand Palladium which has a much nicer beach and we have never experienced any difficulties... the other resort we found very nice despite it's poor ratings is the Caribe Club Princess... I would return there again in an instance.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	5	2	3	

<Author>kellij
<Content>Fantastic Honeymoon April 21-27       Sitting area in room  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>VancouverBohemian
<Content>If you love noise and cigarette smoke... Although this hotel is quite beautiful, our two-week holiday was ruined by horrendous, raucous, non-stop noise from the poolside entertainment, which was almost impossible to get away from - even on the beach. When we ate at the buffet restaurant in the evening, we were bombarded with noise from the stage opposite.We were also beseiged by smokers and fought, unsucessfully, with the management to even get a non-smoking corner in their Thalassa restaurant. All the non-smoking rooms stank of smoke too. While most of the staff were lovely people, the manager was rude, indifferent and completely unhelpful to us. If you are looking for a quiet, peaceful holiday, this is NOT the place. I would also advise against booking with Nolitours, the tour operator we booked with. When we returned home and contacted them, seeking some form of compensation for our ruined holiday, they just weren't interested.This is not what we expected from a 4.5-star resort.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Sonya_Jeff
<Content>The Catalonia (Royal)       The fountain in the main lobby of the Catalonia  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globe58Trotter
<Content>Royal is worth the extra! We spent a wonderfully relaxing week Apr 14-21, 2007. The quiet and peace of the Royal side and access to the rest of the resort amenities was a tremendous deal. Make sure you have a bathing suit accessible as check-in is a bit trying, our room wasn't ready until 6, just get a drink at the bar, grab some towels, and go to the pool, relax and enjoy. Willys at the desk was reassuring and we just enjoyed the pool. Make sure your taxi driver gets you to the Royal side as ours dropped us at the main hotel and it added more time. Taxi was $28 to get to the hotel and $35 to return, however the ride back was in a decent comfortable car.The room was beautiful and spacious, the soaking tub a real plus. Much marble and tile, king size bed, walk in shower, large closet, TV etc. I would request a second or third floor room so that you could use the balcony and hammock. The Royal bracelet gets you top shelf liquor everywhere, your own restaurant Thalassa, which was great, a free massage, free golf, 918 holes and a gorgeous uncrowded pool area. The pool was a high point of the trip. Swim up bar, jacuzzi area and lots of really comfortable lounge chairs.The beach is also private on the Royal side but you will have to stake out the thatched umbrellas early as others do and it makes it a hassle. The beach is weedy and the water very shallow. The beach was our least favorite part. But then you have the pool! Fruit Kabobs brought to you at the pool and beach!Making reservations for the other restaurants is a hassle as the customer service girl has strange hours in the lobby. We found it easier to do it at the main hotel, we got better times there as well.Thalassa on our side was our favorite. The Japanese was next, make sure you are hungry as you get everything. The French was good too, try the pigeon and the lobster thermidor- both great. The Steak House was a fair attempt at an American Steak House as well. We really enjoyed the food at Thallassa so we ate there the most. Raphael the waiter is great as are Maria and Yaneth. Try to speak their language and smile it will take you far.A couple of bucks for tips helps too. Jose at the Beach Bar makes the best Margaritas. Lots of local drinks to try- Coco Loco's and Banana Mama's were favorites. For dessert or a snack make sure you hit the Creperie- tremendous as most of the desserts offered are sicky sweet! Try the Crepe Suzettte or Limon.Try the breakfast buffet at the Caribe, it is huge.We took advantage of the golf- no ladies clubs to rent though, also bring your own balls and tees as they are outrageous. Narrow fairways and lots of water will eat up the balls you have.The massages were great, we even payed for second ones.Use the resort amenities, there is dancing every night and a show that is different each night at 22:00 (10:00). They were fun. Check out the Casino and Disco too. On Friday they have local vendors bring in goods and set up in the main lobby area, much better than the beach hut selling area.We would come back here again for the pool, Thalassa and the tremendous relaxation.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NycSunny
<Content>Fun in the sun       Beach - afternoon  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lala_123Canada
<Content>Pretty Hotel, But... The hotel is really pretty, no doubt, but there is this girl from guest services named MARCIAn or somethin like that was the worst we could ever seen, bad attitude, slow in restaurants reservations, bad english, really bad for guest services.On the other hand, the bartenders were really nice, reception too, pretty hotel, nice spa and beach.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	4	2	4	

<Author>Bewotermyfriend
<Content>IT was WOHHHHHHHH               
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachbunnyOntario
<Content>Crazy Canadians Review We stayed at the Royal Catalonia from April 3-10th and it was great. We were a group of 9 aged 18-26 (which I think some people weren't fans of, but we had a great time). Food: The Thalassa was great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The breakfast buffet was great-omlettes, pancakes, french toast, meats, fruits, and the pastries were excellent! The lunches were also great.not as much selection as the larger buffet, but tasted better. The Caribe buffet (main one) was good and had lots of selection. Desserts through the whole resort were kinda dull and not a lot of flavour. A la carte desserts were definately better. We ate at Thalassa twice for dinner, the Mexican, the Steakhouse, and the French. They were all good. Mexican's appetizers were not so great. French was probably my favourite, along with Thalassa. The creperie was disappointing. The drinks were GREAT and I don't drink often. The banana mama, coco loco and blue hawaiian were really good, but after awhile are very sweet. Jose and Bacillio at the Royal bar were the best bartenders by far. The drinks at the Royal side are WAY better-they offer Bacardi rum and you can ask for that in your drinks instead. The 24 hour room service is good and helpful afte the disco! It was hard for us to book for a group of 9, but we also found that we went to the Mexican on a spur and got in..it is empty but they try to act like it's hard to get you in. This was frustrating, but perhaps a lack of staff?? The Mexican had the best service. Some, especially the buffet, was very hard to get drink service. Rooms: Very spacious and nice. Not cleaned thoroughly everyday though. You can tell the floors and bathrooms are just tidied and not cleaned. Beach: We went tot the beach a few times and it was good. Very big. We went to the main beach area a lot though because there is a lot going on. Activities, games, hair braiding, etc. There are no beach vendors which was nice because you are not hassled when trying to relax. We spent most of our time at the pool though.Pool/Resort area: The pool area was great. Quieter and not difficult to find a loung chair at all. The drinks are nice and close and its a good way to meet people that you can hang out with and will see often. The resort is very clean and maintained well, lots of greenery and beautiful flowers. Very spacious and always soemwhere to be and something to do.Activities: I went snorkelling and had a great time. We went to teh coral area and saw so many fish, this weird sea snake thing and a blow fish even. It was great! We went golfing twice..bring your bug spray..the mosquitos are annoying. It was hot, but still a fairly good course and not busy at all. You can get in whenever you want pretty much. We went on 2 excursions-deep sea fishing and to Saona island. Both were good, but probably wouldn't do them again. Deep sea fishing was very rough, but it was really fun to catch some big fish and we saw some whales too. The staff was great as well. Saona was an hour and a half bus ride to a speed boat that takes you to the island where there is a bbq (that was at leat an hour after we arrived and everyone was starving) but is was excellent. Then you just sit and lounge around the island. Then you take a catamaran back for an hour or so and get on the bus again. At times it seemed very unorganized. We did get to look for star fish and found one, but that was all there was. You did get a really neat bottle of coconut rum with your picture on it though. Other than that we just lounged around the pool. All in all it was a great trip and we had a lot of fun..met a lot of cool people. Would definately reccomend to others.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>VacationItch
<Content>Pros and Cons Service: The service was okay, its only once you got to know the staff you received better service. Majority of the staff speaks Spanish, my husband and I had challenges with the communication as we only spoke English. The room service was slow it take approximately 1 hour or so. Hotel- I would recommend staying at the Royal side, you get better service. Also, you receive a 30 minute free massageBeach- The beach is bit of a walk from the Royal and the other side of the resort.Restaurant:Japanese- My husband and I loved the food. They serve you a variety of sushi. The food is cooked right in front of you. The first part is Shrimp Noodles and Fish. The second part of the meal is Chicken Breast and Beef with Fried Rice. We really enjoyed it!Mexican- This was our second favourite restaurant. The soup was good, we had the chicken tacos for appetizer. We went to this restaurant twice. Steak, Fajitas  Fish with rice was really good. The dessert was good as well. This is the only place on the resort they have Corona beer.Steak/American- My husband enjoyed the steak, you can ask the waiter to look at the different cuts for the steak. I don't eat Red Meat this was a challenge for me, I ordered the Chicken Strips and it was horrible. If you dont eat Steak don't bother going to this restaurant. Only place on the resort they have Budweiser beer.French- We enjoyed this restaurant, we had sole and duck. The dessert was nothing spectacular.Thalasa- I had the fish it was okay, the French was better. My husband had the lobster it was more like Scampi. If you stay on the Royal side you can have breakfast/lunch here everyday. Its better than the buffet lunch. Every other day at lunch there was buffet at ThalasaBuffet- The food is made in large quantity so its not flavorful. We did not enjoy the service and it was extremely crowded.Crepe Restaurant- This was good we went there everyday. You can order off the menu. They don't understand English, just point to the item on the menu.Bars/Disco- We had challenges with communication as not many of them speak English. We went to the disco twice, its okay nothing to rave about.Show- The shows are repetitive so we stopped going after a few days. I would not recommend this for kids there is lots of Booty Shaking.Amenties: My husband enjoyed the 9 hole golf. The clubs and cart was $10 USTips: We tipped everyday and found it very rude that almost any of the Europeans tipped. I would recommend people help the staff by tipping and its about time the Europeans tip as well. There were only a few Europeans that tipped, it is all inclusive but you should tip its common courtesy. A few dollars go a long way for the staffHotel: The rooms are clean, just place the sign on the door to clean your room. I saw a Cockroach once during my stay.Overall: I dont think we will go back to this resort b/c of the language barrier and the fact that I dont eat red meat and I got sick of eating Seafood all week.Apprantely in speaking with other travellers this is one of the better 4.5 resorts. You are getting good value for the price of this resort.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>KG47
<Content>Don't buy the bad reviews Seven days at the Catalonia Royal at the end of March. It is beautiful, clean, friendly. Food is good (The Thalassa especially). The beach is lovely and shallow forever. We had a day and a half of rain, the second day created little lakes all over the complex. They graciously transported as many people as possible by the golf carts and we all made it through that spell. That was the only time we saw bugs (crickets and some beetles) and we had a ground floor room. The complex is huge and there is a great deal of walking involved and you will find that has a role in the plans you make for where you eat and what you take to the beach. We encountered many people who had stayed at other resorts to the north (where the beaches are reported to be more beautiful) but they come to the Royal due to the service and the quiet calm. We shall return. If you go, say hi to the beach bartender Jose-Alexi from Kimberly...he will sing to you :) Kimberly (from the midwest)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LindiFrankfurt
<Content>IT WAS LOVELY (for the second time) !               
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>HenryCarmel
<Content>Oh for the Sounds of the Palm Leaves  I read so many reviews on this place before we left. The one thing I can tell you to do is stay on the ROYAL side of the resort. If for nothing else, the beach is more peacful and you do not have to compete for the loungers like I heard about before. And the loungers themselves are more comfortable. It is simply a quieter place. Upgrade when you get there is what I have heard is the thing to do. It is $25 per person per night. I asked if there was a AAA discount since they promoniently display a big plaque award at the non-Royal side, but they said they didn't take AAA on the Royal side. Hmmmm.The bartenders and the service is outstanding for the most part. Bacillio at the Royal lobby, Carlos at the swim bar and Jose, my favorite at the beach bar are super! One day we had Cocolocos out of freshly cut coconut shells that Jose would use a machiti on to cut the top. I had him add a shot of Kaluah to mine and then everyone else started with that to. Ulysses at the lobby bar on the Bavarro side was really good as well.The service at the Thallasa restaurant on the Royal side was probably the best I have ever seen. The lobster there was 'ok', very big, but not like 'regular' lobster. A little tough.I thought the lobster I had at the French restaurant was better and at least they could put together some drawn butter on that side.We went to the French restaurant a second time and it took almost an hour and a half to get our food.The thing is, you just roll with the inconsistencies here and you cannot really guage everything by what you read. For instance, I read that you get greeted with drinks when you check in. We didn't but I saw some who did. Or that you get a bottle of champagne in your room at the Royal side. We didn't. Oreos in the room. We got it once. Yada Yada. No big deal.It rained half the time we were there but my wife and I stayed under our hut, drank and went snorkeling while the beach was pretty much deserted. You make lemonade out of lemons.The front desk people when you first check in seemed like they were in another world. If I was consulting them, I would have that group trained in customer service and not confusion and nonsense. If you see that Jonathan wants to check you in, skip him entirely. If Willys is there, go with him. Once we said we wanted to upgrade to the Royal side, everything changed.No trouble with any mosquitos, bugs, hot water, food or drinks. After staying at the El Dorado Royale near Cancun and how long it took to get all of the funk out of our intenstinal track, that was my biggest worry, as I figured this would be 3rd world comparable, but it wasn't.For off the beach snorkeling, it was pretty good. Saw a beautful eel that was brown and white, angel fish, one good sized one, go fifty yards off the beach at the property sign that divides the Royal from Bavaro. Just to hear the breakers in the distance and the rustling of the palm leaves.....aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh.The beach is 'nice'. The waves or breakers are hundreds of yards off of the beach and the water is shallow all the way there. Because of the seeweed, at least a very big reason, you do not get the turquoise color that I have experienced at other beaches. As we flew out over the northern part of DR, where there was less seeweed, the color improved. The staff does work hard to keep the seeweed off the beach and it is NOT that big of a deal in terms of walking the beach. The seeweed affect is for the color of the water and the lack of sand under your toes if you are in a seeweed area of the ocean off the beach. When snorkeling, I found zero fish among the seeweed and I snorkeled A LOT!My wife loved kayacking toward the breakers and riding over them. We brought our snorkel gear minus the fins. There is a $20 deposit which you get back for any of that.Japanse was good and fresh, a sort of poor man's Benihana's . The steakhouse was 'Ok'. Nice for a change. We were still hungry and went to the buffet to top off.The buffet was 'ok' (tuna pizza?) but I would recommend the ala carte restaurants over the buffet and use the buffet as filler to top off a dinner if need be or use for lunch, breakfast, whatever. One day the Royal side was grilling brats. Was great. Where were the Packer fans? Mostly people from Canada, Hispanic and US to mix with. Europeans were quiet and kept to themselves.Resort staff very friendly including the Royal front desk.The whole shuttle service that gets lined up as part of your package from the airport if you go with Expedia or the like, is so archaic. Just tell me what time you are going to pick us up based on my return flight. But no, they want to MEET with you the next day or the next so they can schedule that plus SELL you on the excursions. We bought toothpaste after asking if they could bring some up and said we could go to their mini-mart and get some. $6.Come to find they had it in a foil pouch wrappedwith the toothbrush (we brought our own toothbrush but did unknowingly buy the toothpaste).If you like to snorkle, eat, relax, drink wonderful drinks, sip on champagne and have a fairly quiet stretch of beach and pool, spend the little extra and stay on the resort side.Some of the negatives that keep this from being a 5 star was some of the food (buffet, it's OK), the inconsistencies with some things, the first part of the room would get wet from any rain, no DVDs available, no jacuzzi in room on Royal side but yes at Bavaro side with upgrade, etc.This is a wonderful place to stay and the cost was very reasonable for this resort.I would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	1	5	4	

<Author>CanuckMs
<Content>It was AWESOME!!! My husband and I just returned from 11 days at the Catalonia Bavaro and stayed in the Royal (adults only) Section. It was fantastic! We were so sad to leave as we made many friends with guests and staff. We normally never go back to the same resort twice as we like to experience different places, but this resort I could easily say I'd go again! The Royal section is a must if you are looking for a relaxing vacation and being pampered. As a Royal guest you can use all the ammenities on the Catalonia side you like restaurants,disco, watersports etc. But that side has about 750 rooms so it's pretty busy, the Royal has 150 rooms and we have our own private section on the beach with a bar, Jose' the bartender is AWESOME. Also we have a large pool with swim up bar and a fine dining restaurant called Thalassa. The food there is amazing!!! It's gourmet all around, presentation, staff attention and ambiance. They try very hard to make you feel special without it being stuffy. Never once did we feel sick from the food and we ate everything.  I will list a few tips for anyone thinking of going:-there is a lot of walking, so bring comfy shoes. The grounds are beautiful and we are walkers so it didn't bother us. but they do offer rides to the beach just go to the reception and they will zip you down fast-we would spend mornings at the beach everything is there, bathrooms(always clean) bar and buffet(Catalonia side) then we would do afternoons at the pool and swim up bar. This limits walking back and forth.-lunch at Thalassa is somedays bbq somedays ala carte, the ala carte days be prepared to wait a bit as everything is cooked fresh to order, I had the lamb chops Fantastic! the bbq days it's fast.-the grounds are very lush and tropical, so don't freakout you will see plenty of insects but none in the dining room and if they really bother you consider not staying on the ground floor. It really isn't that bad I only add this as some people really hate bugs.-if you go to the Catalonia side you have to request premium liquor it's only for Royal guests.The Japanese and French restaurants were great the Steakhouse , Thalassa steaks were better and shorter wait the Mexican restaurant skip it. At the French try the pigeon, seriously! And if you don't like it get something different because you can lol. As Royal guests you can eat at these places as much as you like, but Thalassa is fantastic.-the Royal section is only a year and a half old so their are some glitches being ironed out. The speaker system at the Royal Lounge broke but we brought our ipod and docking station with us and they let us set it up everynight so we could have music. The staff LOVED it! So if you have one bring it. Also we would leave it while we ate and the bartender watched for us Bacillio is his name and he is AWESOME!!!And finally if you go tell Bacillio his Canadian friends Missy and Chris say HOLA Bacillio Marley  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wtgb
<Content>Paradise My husband and I just returned on 3-26-07 from the most wonderful vacation of our lives. We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Royal. Adults only all inclusive in Punta Cana. What a place. Gorgeous grounds, very freindly staff. We had no problem communicating at all with the staff. If you know basic spanish you will be fine. The Royal section of this resort is so private and quiet, we had our own pool for this section and our own beach. The resort is so clean and well maintained we saw the groundskeepers actually trimming the grass with scissors! The weather was 85 everyday, no rain and no mosquitos. I was concerened about the mosquitos because I had heard that there is malaria in this area. But after consulting with my Doctor, he reassured me that there is not a huge threat this time of year and just take some deet bug spray with me. I was fine not bit once. The food at this resort is very good, we only had one bad meal the entire eight days we were there. My favorite part of the food was, crepes for breakfast everyday. But you walk alot so dont worry about putting on weight! And at the pool they come around with little finger sandwhiches and fresh fruit a couple times a day. The drinks are ou of this world. Espescially the Banana Mama, and the Absolute with Limon. (lime) On the Royal side of this resort you are served top shelf liqour. Makes a difference in the drinks!!!!I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. Maybe leave the kids at home though unless they are true beach lovers because the children we saw on the other side of this resort looked bored.They did have activities for the children and a seperate play area for them. But I have two young children and I know my two kids would have been bored after the first two days. This is a resort to go and reconnect with yourself and your significant other. It truely is paradise.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parn
<Content>wonderful relaxing vacation               
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gegallo
<Content>2/8/07-2/12/07. Beautiful resort.       view from our palapa  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OntarioLoved_it
<Content>Could not ask for more We had an excellent time....didn't want to leave. The grounds were impecable, and the staff was amazing ! If you go make sure to see Abraham at the pool bar, I have never had so much fun!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>waterdoggie
<Content>Memorable and relaxing This is a report on our vacation at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro resort in the Dominican Republic. My husband and I stayed there for one week. We returned from there on Saturday March 10. We are a Canadian couple, from Ontario. We have vacationed in the Caribbean before, in the Bahamas, and in Cuba. This was our first visit to the Dominican Republic. We enjoyed our vacation. My husband told me that he wanted to drop off the face of the planet for one week. He got what he wanted. The accommodations were very good (I brought my own cervical pillow and was glad that I had). The food was better than what I expected (Thalassa was wonderful at suppertime). The beach was super soft sand, the ocean was weedy, but soooooo warm and lovely. The palm trees were beautiful. The sky was blue and went on forever. It rained only at night. The staff worked hard to understand us. Once in a while there were some language complications. Those times were not frequent, not important. Since we had decided to drop off the face of the planet (as we know it) we just rolled with it, and let those times lead us to tame adventure. We did find some glass in the sand at the beach once in a while. The beverages served at the beach bars were not served in glass containers. We flew on a Skyservice plain, and it was crowded and a cramped flight. We landed late in the middle of the night at the airport. There had been a huge storm system in the Great Lakes area for several days before we left that delayed a lot of flights out of Toronto. We departed from Hamilton International Airport, and that was a bonus for us. It was less crowded, and we were able to dress better for our arrival in a semitropical environment without worrying about freezing in a Park N Fly lot waiting for a shuttle bus to take us to the airport. The flight was delayed for hours. However, when we left it was well below zero, and when we landed in the Dominican Republic, it was hot. We were able to get through customs and get our bags without much delay. We found our hotel shuttle. We arrived at the Royal Catalonia Bavaria in quick time and we had no trouble registering at the hotel. The night manager took care of us weary travelers very well and gave us our hotel keys and an information package in a clear, yellow trimmed plastic zippered bag. We received our yellow ID bracelets the next morning. Our room was in a villa close to the pool and the hotel lobby, and was handy for us late night arrivals. The night manager spoke enough English to get us through the entire experience. He also made certain that we understood that we had to activate our room with the little key in the mechanism mounted on the wall inside the room beside the door. We have experienced this type of activation of rooms in some of the newer hotels in Europe. Perhaps some travelers have not really understood this, and without doing this, nothing will really work.A large plastic covered basket filled with fruit and a bottle of Brugal Dorado rum awaited us in the room.We made our a la carte dinner reservations at the Catalonia Bavaro next door, as we did not meet with the Sunquest rep at the time we thought we were to meet her. It did not matter, as there seemed to be redundancies built into the system. Reservations for Thalassa had to be made at the Royal Catalonia at the customer service desk.The room was ample. There was a nicely appointed bathroom, with a makeup and shaving mirror. There was a hair dryer, and a separate shower with a hand-held shower that was flexible. It was also easy to accidentally hit the shower water control when one turned around in the shower. We did this a few times, and we did what travelers must do: we adapted. We always had hot or cold water. We never ran out. There was also a large tub in the main room, large enough for two people. There was also hot and cold water available, on demand.We had had lunch in Thalassa, the first day, and this is the restaurant at the Royal site. It is an a la carte restaurant. The wait staff were energetic and also accommodating. We also found the breakfasts here to be excellent. The two dinners we ate there were also excellent. I had lobster twice at Thalassa, and it was delicious. I recommend the passion fruit mousse for dessert lovers with a sweet tooth. It is incredible! Spanish sparkling wine was offered to dinner guests upon arrival at this establishment. For meals, there was a choice of red or white wine. This was, in my opinion, the best place to dine. Dress nicely there. Closed shoes for the gentlemen are required. We saw some very finely garbed people dining in the evenings here at Thalassa. Many of the a la carte restaurants also had separate wine lists, charged to the guest鈥檚 hotel bill upon checkout. We ordered one of these wines at the Rodeo Steakhouse, another a la carte restaurant there. The wine chosen was very good, and fairly priced.We dined at the Makaido, which served Japanese style food, with an entertaining style.We also ate at the French restaurant and we had a very good beef tenderloin dinner there. People that we met there also told us the onion soup was very good. Several times we opted to have our desserts at the Creperie Breton. On a hot afternoon, the opportunity to have ice cream and a crepe was most enjoyable. Always accompanied by coffee of course!Coffee at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro was very enjoyable. I always felt pampered at any time in their restaurant, or at the hotel bar. At home I always drink my coffee black with nothing else in it. At the Royal I had Caribbean style coffee, which is really in the French style, caf茅 au lait. Hot coffee, which is served with rich, hot milk. I introduced my husband to excellent Dominican aged rum at this bar. At the bar they offered Ron Barcelo Imperial, premium blend. This is a really good rum, fine tasting and so smooth, like a cognac. We discovered this to be an excellent post-dinner treat at the bar.The Royal has a pool and the whole environment is calmer and quieter then the main Catalonia Bavaro next door. The Royal has its own pool and beach area. There are fewer large palm trees at the Royal, but they are planting more of them. The Catalonia Bavaro has many palms.The gardeners work to control the weeds, and to present pleasant floral views to the guests who traveled along the paved walkways.We always found a shady spot at the beach or pool to laze away several hours in a comfortable lounger. Daily we could exchange our beach towels for a fresh one. Some guests exchanged towels more frequently. Always though, remember to have your towel card for check out time, and thus avoid having to pay for a beach towel.It was initially a bit of a shock to see topless women sunbathing by the pool and on the beach, or bathing in the surf. We became accustomed to it. The bartenders work hard to satisfy the guests. There are some guests who seem to be quite impatient. But most of the guests at the Royal seemed pretty laid back. But there were a few who were not and I had to admit that the bartenders did an admirable job of dealing with the pressures of their job, especially at the pool bar, which had a six o鈥檆lock PM closing time. There were always people who would suddenly show up just before closing time demanding exotic beverages. There are some guests who over indulge themselves at all-inclusive resorts. At the swim up bar, the bartender quickly learned that I sometimes wanted my pina colada with rum, and sometimes without. He would always ask me. Once a guest from the main Navarro hotel wandered into our area, and wanted a beverage at the Royal pool bar, the bartender politely and firmly, with tact explained to the gentleman that he could not provide him with it, as he was not a guest at this hotel. That man said to his companion that he liked the quiet here better, and he did end up upgrading his vacation from the Catalonia Bavaro to the Royal Catalonia. The bartenders, male and female, were pleasant, entertaining, and had to be masters of tact and discretion.There were security guards stationed throughout the resort. They watched the guests. They watched the staff. The guards had walky talkies. Many of the house keeping staff also had them.The Catalonia Bavaro seemed to be wifi equipped. Many of the guests at that hotel could be seen sitting down on benches from time to time with their laptops, busy working away.The Royal had a room with two computer stations for guests to check their e-mails, or the weather conditions at home. For a couple of days there was a virus that impacted on these computers. Things got a little slow. However, generally the system worked fine.We never did get to see a show at the main hotel show place. We would go over, just before ten, and there would be a band playing beside the show place, and the Animacion team would be dancing and instructing the guests. Then it would end and the team would invite everyone to the disco show. That seemed to be it. If there was a show, it certainly was not at the posted time.Be prepared to learn the 24-hour clock system. The world does not all follow our system of AM and PM, from 1 to twelve. It is the 24 hour time system. Show time is at 22hundred hours. Except it wasn鈥檛!Have you ever read a book and the author describes how a place has a certain fragrance? I was on our little ground floor balcony, reclining in the hammock, drinking a Miranda, which is an orange soda pop, which was left in the bar fridge every day, when I smelled the fragrance which I will always remember as my favorite smell of the Royal Catalonia: the coffee fragrance, of a perfect cappuccino.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>somerandomguy
<Content>Good Resort, Not-so-good-beach The resort itself was very good; many restaurants, bars, billiards, small gym, large pool, individual ice cream restaurant (free!), nightly entertainment/ shows and disco. Small casino, nothing special. The pool was nice and clean when we arrived, but green and murky when we left. Downside: terrible beach; very shallow, rocky, and weedy. Cut my foot while walking a couple of times. All tours (eg ATV, motor boat) are expensive, around $80/ person. Nothing close to the resort; it is very isolated.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	4	1	

<Author>newbrunswicktraveler
<Content>great place       couldnt wait for them to get it off me  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>civi
<Content>It Was Wow Let me start by saying that resort is the best. Not only the food was great but the service was great aswell. My husband and I went to the royal Catalonia because we had confendence that it would be great.The room are large and well clean, the food Ho my God 7 restaurant a la carte plus 1 at the hotel just for royal guest.The french restaurant the best.The steak house was very good.The Japeneas so soAnd the list go on and on. For us it was the fact that there were no kids cause we have 3 and we wanted peace but the pool is big and it's not crouded by lots of people.We decided that this place would be a great place to say I DO and we did and it was fantastic journey.The people that work there just want to please all the time 1$ bill makes them so happy cause they do work for 2 dollard a day so by nice to them cause they will be to you no matter what.I word of advice watch for fleas in the sand at the beach cause we got a few bits off our feet and hands....the reason for those it because of the sea grass. But dont worry just go at the bar get some sea salt and but it on were the bits are leave it for 1 minutes and then rince and do that twice that day and you will see It will go away.Well that was our experience and it was great.By the way we just came back on the18-02-2007BY THIS TRIP YOU WILL LOVE IT...BON VOYAGE  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tazdog95
<Content>Had an excellent time! We went Feb.3-10. We loved the hotel and staff. We went for rr and fun and sun and we got that and more. We made lots of friends from Canada and elsewhere. We had never been to Punta Cana, the weather was excellent! We will definitely return to the Royal.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B&JSunLovers
<Content>Catalonia Royal Bavaro - Magnificent We stayed at Catalonia Royal from Feb 6th to the 13th. In short it was magnificent and the nicest resort we have EVER stayed in. The staff bent over backwards to please us. The room was the best we have ever stayed in. We loved the large tub in our bedroom with fresh flowers sprinkled around it by our maid every day. The food was excellent. I could go on for hours.There were a lot of negative comments on posted on Trip Advisor ,and we were somewhat hesitant to stay there. But you have to look where the comments are coming from. Do not believe them. Last year my wife and I stayed at Sandals in Montego Bay. We checked out Sandals for this years trip and Sandals was almost 2X the cost of the Catalonia Royal, and we found that Catalonia Royal offerred much more than Sandals. In fact, we have already opened a travel bank account to go back to the Catalonia Royal next year. Just an unbelievable experience. Go for it, you won't be dissapointedBrian  Judy HardingKitchener, OntarioCanada  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gstout
<Content>Catalonia Beach Resort Punta Cana We stayed at the Catalonia 2/10-2/14/07 and had a great time.Rooms: good size, nice bath, hot water. Fridge stocked daily with beer/water/soda.Staff: Staff was very friendly - a few may not have smiled or greeted you, but oh well, is that a big deal?Food: If you can't find something to eat here, then you're just looking for something to complain about.Speciality Restaurants: Make your reservations for all four as soon as you get there. Japanese and Parisian the best.Front Desk check-in or check-out: no problemsBeach: Beautiful, no problem with getting chairs, etc. There is some seaweed. Topless at beach and pool.Golf: Played the 18 hole course and rented clubs -approximately $100 and shared a cart.New Shopping Center: take the 'free bus' if you go. However, it's not worth the trip -only a few stores.AIRPORT: Absolutely the worst one we've been in. When leaving the country they funnel everyone into one line and you go through one gate - took forever.You will have to pay a $10 fee to enter the country.Bring bugspray - a little bothersome in the evening. You can't see them, but they bite.Hope this helps!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>heidi&kenny
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful!       Bathrub in the room next to the bed  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetsandy_24
<Content>you must go there !!   showReview(6774012, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>datOntario
<Content>Most relaxing vacation ever!   showReview(6744387, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EFOttawa
<Content>A near-perfect vacation   showReview(6711623, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blue_eyes_chat
<Content>Excellent Trip   showReview(6704816, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>spud0101
<Content>loved it   showReview(6612598, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>surfgirlz
<Content>Warning-- a health hazard!   showReview(6333031, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel   showReview(5315889, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gontzzal
<Content>Perfecto para descansar!   showReview(23099181, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PedroCeuta
<Content>Un Paraiso para los sentidos   showReview(22825552, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr angenehmer Urlaub   showReview(22955312, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyra
<Content>pas 5 茅toiles attention travaux       room 4650  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samantha91
<Content>Pas tout 脿 fait royal...       joli plage  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>tibor01
<Content>Un Para铆so ' en el Para铆so '   showReview(22469084, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CarlesCatalunya
<Content>Fuera de s猫rie   showReview(22318201, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>victor1962
<Content>Unas buenas vacaciones   showReview(22314019, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DamiaBarcelona
<Content>Agradecimientos.   showReview(22289390, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>corunamarcopolo
<Content>el paraiso no est谩 tan lejos   showReview(22261678, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laperalimonera
<Content>fenomenal   showReview(22258597, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumurlaub aus dem Bilderbuch   showReview(22957182, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpa31
<Content>superbe, farniente et bouquins   showReview(22041303, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tinker1981
<Content>En detrimento 2   showReview(22003949, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>dariki
<Content>perfecto   showReview(21968662, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ElKaiser
<Content>Excelente Royal Catalonia. Volver铆a       Royal es Royal  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>coru24
<Content>un s帽o hecho realidad       Sopa de marisco q rica!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Angarsa
<Content>luna de miel en Royal   showReview(21493404, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HCMaynard
<Content>Un servicio Royal inferior al normal de otros hoteles.   showReview(21476987, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>piki1976
<Content>Relajante   showReview(21348262, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Traumurlaub   showReview(22954050, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foufounic
<Content>s茅jour de r锚ve       plat restaurant thalassa  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azulCielo
<Content>Inmejorable   showReview(21139549, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>erholt wie selten   showReview(22955491, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarLaRioja
<Content>Un paraiso!!!!       Cama  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Africa712
<Content>Genial   showReview(20796402, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MichaelBordeaux
<Content>Excellent...mais attention en travaux   showReview(20659410, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>memeMalaga
<Content>隆隆Absolutamente maravilloso!! Un verdadero para铆so       Que bonito...  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ababol
<Content>Nos robaron en la habitaci贸n   showReview(20066691, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AB1981
<Content>Deseando Volver   showReview(20039819, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schoener Strand und Anlage   showReview(22962242, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edjati
<Content>Relax, gastronom铆a y servicio 5*       Cenando en el Rte Thalassa  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PabloyBelen
<Content>Perfecto hotel para un TI en Punta Cana e ideal para el golf   showReview(19872727, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Castielero
<Content>Absolutamente Genial   showReview(19816422, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Emi38
<Content>Excepcional   showReview(19750674, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cristina02
<Content>Ojal谩 todos fueran as铆   showReview(19691582, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pucela56
<Content>Ni lujo, ni cinco estrellas.   showReview(19681417, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Julay44
<Content>Magnifico Resort       Preciosos jardines tropicales  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DNLI
<Content>Encantados, una maravilla y ideal para desestresarse       Ensalada cesar  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Monimi
<Content>Perfecto para olvidarte de todo       piscina royal  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sheresc
<Content>No lo dudeis, no os vai s a arrepentir   showReview(19471003, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScorpSevilla
<Content>Muy bien, pero el Thalassa, muy mejorable cenas cuarteleras   showReview(19452338, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>jordespa
<Content>Cada a帽o mejor !   showReview(19397440, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BarcelonaRipollet
<Content>genial genial genial       Juan y Estela en Saona  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ManuelyMar
<Content>Servicio y Calidad   showReview(19192365, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ganz gut - mit Abstrichen   showReview(22955937, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumurlaub   showReview(22950656, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strand und Mehr   showReview(22948740, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr erholsame Flitterwochen   showReview(22947104, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>traumhafter Strand und erholsamer Urlaub   showReview(22946463, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Teils Super Teils nicht!   showReview(22946318, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ner Badeurlaub   showReview(22943324, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis, 4. Aufentha   showReview(22943105, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peke36
<Content>Catalonia Royal Bavaro "" Un Hotel excelente"" Para Repetir sin duda       foto de la piscina royal  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alibelPuertoReal
<Content>10 dias incre铆bles       Con Ernesto  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>anyelina1
<Content>Catalonia Royal Bavaro. Restaurante Thalassa   showReview(18674017, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>malvez69
<Content>Estupenda       villas del royal  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>MadridPar
<Content>Para repetir   showReview(18574552, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>yurinka
<Content>100% recomendable   showReview(18513267, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tumbaita
<Content>Matricula de honor para el Royal Bavaro   showReview(18509304, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sacraplanells
<Content>Casi perfecto       Cena en el restaurante Thalassa  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>losil
<Content>Luna de miel inmejorable       Comida buffet playa  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chouflette14
<Content>c'est royal!!   showReview(17939771, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lauradentalis
<Content>Una maravilla, mejor que en las fotos       Estas son las maravillosas tumbonas acu谩ticas  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SohitoAsturias
<Content>Deseando volver a esa paz   showReview(17484122, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ADominguezt
<Content>Hotel encantador con un trato exquisito.   showReview(17310496, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mxmots
<Content>Magnifico: Tranquilidad, buen servicio, estupenda cocina   showReview(17254096, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trichi
<Content>Una pasada.   showReview(17241840, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>munchy_2
<Content>hotel catalonia royal bavaro.excelente   showReview(17072500, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Santander2008
<Content>Excelente experiencia   showReview(17020948, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>excusami
<Content>l excellence dominicaine       staff thalassa  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MYERSCORPIO
<Content>Muy importante       Vistas desde la habitacion  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>famomed
<Content>Excelente hotel y restaurante exclusivo.   showReview(16904803, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RicardoIowa
<Content>No bueno   showReview(16671067, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jeantequila
<Content>H么tel EXTRAORDINAIRE !!!!!   showReview(16516122, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ADELM
<Content>Du pur bonheur   showReview(16454173, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>MadridTripi30
<Content>Excelente relaci贸n calidad-precio   showReview(16428827, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AIGCM
<Content>Perfecto, lujo en esencia   showReview(16426790, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Periklesnet
<Content>Este hotel alcanza la excelencia   showReview(16413493, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tukiruiz
<Content>Si podeis ir de luna de miel es el mejor sitio   showReview(16392112, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>villarreal77
<Content>Si el para铆so existe, sin duda est谩 aqu铆   showReview(16379863, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>phiph
<Content>merveilleux   showReview(16345121, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>PeterBoomgaarden
<Content>el perosonal era super amable y servicial, chapeau       se ve sencillo, esta riquisimo  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>PuntaCanaForeber
<Content>Nos Encant贸   showReview(15998753, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garonne
<Content>FABULEUX   showReview(15960042, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ChefPuntaCana
<Content>Royal, por favor...   showReview(15943892, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Master98
<Content>Formidable !!!       V茅g茅tation pr猫s de notre chambre  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fer130269
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(15567026, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zurgMontreal
<Content>parfait sauf la mer   showReview(15468766, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucanus
<Content>Erholsamer Urlaub in Spitzenhotel   showReview(15320363, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>margaraal
<Content>fantastico todo   showReview(15175652, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tidje15
<Content>voyage de r锚ve       plage et l'eau de la mer de la section royal  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Humbertini
<Content>Great food!!   showReview(15120077, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CatherineVeils
<Content>Muy bien por el chef Coca   showReview(15118698, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Valiou
<Content>Attention, vous pourriez engraisser!!! : )   showReview(15066223, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frank32
<Content>Parfait et attachant !       Piscine Royal  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Qu_becNatalia
<Content>pour la bouffe et service;le top des tops!!!!   showReview(14981715, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>virgad
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(14678783, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ema92
<Content>s茅jour de r锚ve   showReview(14362425, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OLIBETTY
<Content>Para recargar las pilas   showReview(13748585, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CarmenBilbo
<Content>Gracias por su hospitalidad!!!!!       Desde la piscina  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jonete
<Content>La Excelencia de un hotel - Catalonia Royal B谩varo       Piscina  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mai17
<Content>Nos encanto la estancia en el hotel Catalonia Royal Bavaro   showReview(12952600, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melijo
<Content>Merveilleux   showReview(12878661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>principisima
<Content>estupendo y tranquilo   showReview(12843650, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>susana0
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(12596390, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ValladolidRoberto
<Content>Casi perfecto   showReview(12574054, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Jeandeparis20e
<Content>H么tel incroyablement classe !   showReview(12040791, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Irpeur
<Content>Fant谩stico   showReview(12019360, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>drago_29
<Content>Espectaculares Vacaciones   showReview(11499201, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>papayoune
<Content>Paradis pour le golf et la plage   showReview(11226124, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rick12
<Content>Vraiment tres bien mais...   showReview(11189928, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>giginobig
<Content>stupendo   showReview(10856019, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Patryx
<Content>El Royal es un lujo       Dia de quad  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonidaeves
<Content>隆隆Simplemente fant谩stico!!   showReview(10086102, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Devildreamer
<Content>Mi mejor viaje   showReview(10077774, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rebeca10
<Content>cataonia royal maravilloso       las mejores vacaciones de mi vida  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tiberon
<Content>super,super   showReview(10045904, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edan25
<Content>Incre铆ble!!!!   showReview(10001469, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SilviayJuan1792006
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de mi vida       Juan,Silvia,Bego,Sergio,Isa,Edu,Miriam,Gerard,Javi,Pili,Jesus,Marisa....  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>veryun
<Content>Volveremos!!!       habitacion  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madoan
<Content>Dormir con roedores   showReview(8827305, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bullpey
<Content>Increible!!!!!!!!!!!!       el hotel catalonia  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chechare
<Content>vaya vacaciones de ensue帽o en un hotel maravilloso y un buen servicio       la casa del masajeee  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Giselle7
<Content>Una verdadera maravilla**   showReview(8664734, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sevillana3
<Content>Inmejorable mi estancia en Catalonia Royal   showReview(8608432, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amusa
<Content>Excelente, Volveremos   showReview(8535674, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dovitocorleone
<Content>un viaje inolvidable!!!!!!! toni y lourdes   showReview(8514188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BERTAYSERGI
<Content>Fue una maravilla!!!!! sergi y berta de vilanova i la geltru(barcelona)   showReview(8505188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mariavilanova
<Content>Qu茅 gente tan estupenda, que trato, etc,etc       Piscinitat con su barrital al fondo donde carlos es estupendo.....  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loumitch
<Content>Songez au Royal Catalonia Bavaro   showReview(8227924, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>mjvillorro
<Content>Estupenda estancia   showReview(8204123, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yza23
<Content>super!!   showReview(8005109, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>madridTraba
<Content>Me encanto, quien vaya repite, yo repetire.   showReview(7986377, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>pabloPortugal
<Content>Horrible   showReview(7389930, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>nikimaarif
<Content>me encanto su centro de buceo, y sobre todo sus dives masters, Thomas y Cristian   showReview(7267520, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juanes
<Content>De ensue帽o   showReview(7179690, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>UAB
<Content>Super recomendado       Piscina  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>bibitteMontmagny
<Content>EXCELLENT   showReview(6828640, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carlitogil
<Content>Inoubliable !!!   showReview(6803289, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>calme
<Content>Excellent ne pas m茅langer avec le Catalonia r茅gulier   showReview(6504383, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

