<Author>RoseAlee
<Content>What a Gem! Last December American Airlines had a $250 Austin/San Juan round trip special that we couldn't pass up and pushed the Buy button! I mentioned the cheap airfare and our friends (other retirees) said we're in. With a little research we decided to circumnavigate the island staying at paradors and sample the fine Porto Rican food and the rums. What a great idea! I booked our rooms via Expedia.com at $107+tax/room/night. This was our last night in Puerto Rico. This is a very nice boutique hotel, that has little parking - maybe room for 5 cars. Regardless, it is nice and where they got 2 1/2 stars is beyond me. Through some type of mixup they did not have our reservations and were going to put us in a different upgraded hotel. However, upon showing our paid receipt from Expedia and stating that we did not want to stay in a differenc hotel from our friends, they upgraded us to a room near the bar. It had a four poster bed, small but complete kitchen and a sitting area. Everything was well kept and clean. I like these small hotels and can definitely recommend staying at the Wind Chimes. It's also easy walking distance to the more active area of San Juan.This cheap trip ended up being cheap as far as airfare and hotel cost, but be assured that we made up and more of the savings on fine food and drink. A great spur-of-the-moment trip. The best part of Puerto Rico is away from San Juan and amongst the locals in the countryside.Larry  Kelly  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AKFromColorado
<Content>Quaint, Simple, and Superb Service Stayed for 3 days in SJ. Wanted to be close to Old San Juan, a beach and also not pay too much.This was a great value. less than $100/night for a king sized bed about 2 blocks from the beautiful Ocean Park beach. And 2 blocks to the bus to Old San Juan.The room was SIMPLE, this is not a luxury hotel, it is a small family fun hotel. The grounds are clean, with a friendly cat. However, if you are used to a Hilton, you may be dissapointed.Our room was adequate, everything worked as expected, the bed was fine. We definately got what we paid for... what was above average was the service and personal touches.They have a small bar to the rear of the hotel, the bartender was one of the friendliest, helpful, locals I've encountered at any hotel. He reccomended great food and fesitvals nearby... The rest of the staff was equally friendly and helpful.Not the prettiest in town, but for the location and service, it can't be beat at their prices. (and it ain't ugly either, just simple ;-)  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaTravelBug_4
<Content>Wonderful Little Inn--Highly Recommended I found At Wind Chimes Inn in the Que Pasa? magazine--a publication about touring Puerto Rico, which is very helpful! I checked it out online and loved their website, checked reviews on here and was even more excited. I called to book a room and was told that there was only an economy room left or a large king-size room (which was out of our budget). We'd been hoping for a queen, but settled for the economy. When we got to the Inn, we were so surprised and pleased to find we'd been upgraded to the KING room for the same price of the economy! It was so nice of them to do that and made us love them even more! The place is so very cute and nicely decorated. It is clean and feels just like you're staying at your grandma's (or whoever else makes you feel like you're right at home). It is located just two blocks from the beach and near great dining. There is off street parking---which is a little bit of a small area and costs extra--but we felt that our rental was safe. This place has a lot of character and we were treated with nothing but kindness! We hope to come back annually! The best thing is that it is a very classy place for a very affordable price. We're on a student budget and yet we were able to stay here--and comfortably!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>drew34
<Content>Perfect Long Weekend Inn My Boyfriend and I stayed here for a 4 night long weekend in November and it was everything we could have asked for. The staff was incredibly friend and helpful. The hotel food was a bit pricey but absolutely delicious-thanks to the bar tender Danny. The location was great, close to bus routes, old San Juan and the beach. Our rooms was small but had everything we needed and was always clean. Overall I'd recommend to any couples traveling to San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>WisconsinRN
<Content>Excellent stay We (a group of 17 of us including my husband and two children) stayed At Wind Chimes Inn for my sister's wedding for 5 nights. It was the perfect location.... close to the beach, close to restaurants, and a close walk from larger hotels/casino. We enjoyed the authentic feel of the hotel. We all enjoyed the pool (smaller, but large enough for us to enjoy). The staff was wonderful at helping arrange transportation for our large group. There is a bar onsite (on the expensive side) that serves food... the quesadilla is outstanding!! I would definately stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PR_Travelers
<Content>A Wedding Dream I had reserved a block of rooms for my wedding guests that were traveling to Puerto Rico. The manager Evelyn made sure that everything with my guests went perfect. During the stay, the hotel staff was very helpful directing the guests to different places and arranging transportation. The hotel has an on site bar with food but it is also located within walking distance of many restaurants. The hotel is small but it has a very intimate feeling that cannot be experienced at the big resorts. My family was able to hang out together without having to deal with many other guests. Everyone at the hotel was great.The hotel was well kept and the rooms were clean. Most of the rooms are very good size. I would recommend room 121 or 122 which are very large. The parking at the hotel is very limited so a car would not be recommended however if you reserve in advance you can get one of the four spots.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	-1	5	4	

<Author>tritonlab
<Content>Pet friendly hotel Granted, I was a little skeptical when I read all of the online reviews re this hotel. How could a hotel (inn) be this accomodating and pet friendly at the same time? Well, it definately met my expectations and even more. Although the room (room 127 again) was a little small and a little retro (think 1960's pink tiled bathrooms), it worked for me and my pet. The air conditioning worked at the turn of a dial and the bed was comfortable and the shower hot. I concur that all of the staff were absolutely wonderful and were available to answer any and all of your questions,, whether it be directions, dining recommendations or where to get a manicure locally.The best part about this hotel is that it is slightly off the beaten path of Condado, but less than a one block walk to the beach. A very dog friendly beach I might add.Parking is somewhat limited to the area streets, but no walk is more than a block.I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phillygal2
<Content>A wonderful quaint hotel My friend and I just returned from Puerto Rico and our stay at At Wind Chimes was the best!!! The hotel is so quaint and unique, I would definitely go back again and bring my husband. I had only been to Puerto Rico one other time leaving for a cruise and really did not get a good sense of the place till I stayed this time. I loved the fact that wind chimes is in a residential area but a short walk to all the action! The people at the front desk are so helpful and we loved our bartender Manny. He really kept us entertained when we went to the bar to have a drink. Everyone couldn't have been nicer. We wanted to go to see Guavate and the local color on Sunday and the woman at the front desk suggested we rent a car rather than taking a taxi as the taxis are very expensive there. It turned out that we spent about half renting the car and I would recommend to anyone they take a trip to the mountains to check out the local scene....it was great! Loved the salsa dancing and pig roast!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaribbeanCaptain
<Content>Simple, friendly hotel Spent two nights at this hotel on a trip to Puerto Rico with my girlfriend. Had an excellent time; the staff was extremely helpful with advice about the area. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to see Puerto Rico and wants something a little more authentic than a large corporate hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NYGiantsFan72
<Content>Perfectly quaint, happy hotel Stayed at the Wind Chimes Inn and let me tell you, this is the most honestly charming, terrific hotel in San Juan. Cheap because it is not on the beach, but so close. The staff is genuinely friendly and happy to help. They recommend real local activities and/or tourist sight-seeing depending on your request.The pool is great, and never crowded since the hotel is small. Bathroom and storage in the lobby allow for late check out to be easy with no additional charges, as you don't need to hold up the room.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christina_and_Brian
<Content>Not bad, but not the best This is definitely a quaint place to stay for couples. I recently booked my first trip to Puerto Rico with my boyfriend and we chose At Wind Chimes Inn due to all of the reviews we read online. We stayed from 9/24 - 9/28/2008. Its cute in the fact that it feels like home. When we arrived we were greeted by Felix, a very nice man at the front desk. He gave us a map and even took the time to explain to us what the best places to eat (where they served authentic Island food) and which buses to take to travel around. The hotel room we stayed in was up on the 2nd floor, back by the bar, Room 127. The room had a very comfortable Queen Sized bed, but overall it was a bit small and had a strange smell to it, somewhat like a musky odor. Its not that bad though. The AC worked fine, and you definitely need it for the heat! The bathroom could have been a bit cleaner, and the cable connection on the small tv in our room was really bad. There was a bit of a mosquito issue in the room, we kept the windows closed but for some reason, they just kept on coming in. The overall atmosphere of the hotel is great, makes you feel right at home. It is definitely nothing flashy and extreme. Outside of our room was a small sitting area where we enjoyed beers (Medalla Light is the best - try it!) and great music from the bartender just downstairs. The location is pretty good, literally one block from the beach. The walk to rest of the area is not too far either, just steps away from restaurants. The hotel is in a very quiet location, so if you're looking for relaxation, this is the perfect spot you want to be in. Otherwise, try and get a hotel a little bit closer to the Action in the heart of the Condado area, like the Marriot. The pool was clean and very nice as well. There is a really cute cat that we named Ferdinand that lingers around the patio and bar area outside. The Condado beach is really nice because its never too packed, but the waves are a bit on the strong side. If you keep heading towards the Old San Juan area, just before the Dos Hermanos bridge, there is a really beautiful beach with calm clear waters too.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>traveladdict2005
<Content>Best place in PR! We just came back from a great stay AT Wind Chimes and would recommend it to everyone. The hotel is adorable with lots of little unique touches. The rooms are comfortable and the staff is friendly and helpful. The best part of the hotel is the location, a block from the best beach, but we still enjoyed using the pool. And you can't beat the price! We will definetely be staying here the next time we return to San Juan!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PokaPHace
<Content>Great Place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       Wind Chimes  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petesamless
<Content>fantastic place to stay DO NOT stay at theWind Chimes if you are looking for big hotel amenities or a huge pool DO STAY at the Wind Chimes if you are looking for a quiet get away with cosy nooks and crannies and a lovely but small pool with a waterfall.We stayed at the Wind Chimes for two weeks and have only good things to say about our stay. We had the smallest room in the hotel but it was large enough for all of our needs. The staff was friendly and always there to assist. The fabulous beach was only a two minute walk and everything you need from restaurants to bus stops for that mandatory trip to old San Juan was within easy walking distance.We loved Puerto Rico and would go again staying at the At Wind Chimes in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>laschus
<Content>A delightful, affordable gem A trip to San Juan was set as a birthday present for my girlfriend, and I wanted to find a place that would be fun and enjoyable without spending too much. I could tell by the squeal of delight she let out when she got into the room ahead of me that I hit my mark.Decorated in festive carribean motifs, the rooms at At Wind Chimes gave a feel of authenticity without going overboard. The stone tile floor was a bit much as it was uncomfortable to walk on, but on the whole the interiors were very delightful and exceedingly comfortable for the price. Our trip was, unfortunately, during a heavy rainy season and we didn't get out as much as we would have liked but the room gave us a pleasant and comfortable base to return to. We found the staff to be very helpful, including loaning us an umbrella for the day to protect us from the inclement weather. The proximity to the beach was very convenient and it is within a short bus ride to the center of the bustling Condado area. The only down side was the extremely limited parking area available within the neighborhood, and paying for parking in their very small lot meant having to shuffle automobiles to get out and about. Still, that was a small price to pay for a wonderful and affordable stay.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>everly1971
<Content>Made a mistake on our reservation and kicked us out on a moment's notice!! I made a reservation over a month in advance for a room At Wind Chimes Inn arriving on July 23rd and checking out on July 27th. I was traveling with my wife and our 14-month old. Around noon on July 26th, the staff informed us that they had made a mistake on our reservation and that we had to check out -- IMMEDIATELY--because other guests were waiting for our room!! They gave us less than two hours to find another hotel (very difficult, as this happened to be a holiday weekend in Puerto Rico), pack our things and leave. They offered no apologies and made no concessions. I've never been treated so rudely in my entire life. BUYER BEWARE.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>1	4	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>redmilton
<Content>poor customer service poor customer service they do not respond to follow up emails, reserved a parking space that was given away. parking nightmare. Never stayed there due to their negligence in giving parking space away, cancelled my reservation due to their error and was still charged one night stay  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dognamedrabbit
<Content>So glad we chose this place       sitting on the roof top bar  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JKell83
<Content>Amazing Stayed there a while ago, tried to go back recently but it was sold out!!! Anyway, this is a great place. Close to the beach, nice swimming pool, helpful staff who let us shower after checkout and holding our luggage all day.Bartender made us great drinks!Good times.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SamandJanet
<Content>Nice and relaxing Nice, quiet place in a great location, just a short block from San Juan's Condado Beach. Modest room just off the inner courtyard with a tiny bathroom. Clean and contained, a short walk from restaurants, buses, oh....and did I say the beach?! Helpful and friendly staff, EZ reservations, really good and fresh food at the poolside bar. The room smelled musty at first but fans and a few minutes of AC took care of it. Some noise off the courtyard-people coming in late at night-but not that bad.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SUSYQ1
<Content>Love Wind Chimes This was our third stay at Wind Chimes, and we love this place. No it is not fancy, but it is comfortable. The bar staff and cleaning staff ( we love these ladies ) are very sociable ,as are the office staff. It is convienient to the bus route to anywhere in Puerto Rico. You can utilise the spa at the beautiful Acacia Inn, or just chill in the pool at WC. This year our grandaughter, who has a cronic kidney stone problem accompanied us on our trip, and we had spent 13 glories days at Villa Sevilla, before ending our trip at Wind Chimes. Later that night she was screaming in pain and unable to move. I went to the front desk and told them what was happening. Within 20 mins they had a dr in the hotel room and all was well. The following day they made sure we had everything we needed. I am telling you this to let you know that Wind Chimes has a good caring staff, that will look after you.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Flightmuffin
<Content>Ripped Off, Were You? My husband and I spent 3 nights at this hotel. We chose this one because of mostly positive reviews, location, and what we felt was a very good room rate. The hotel was just ok. Not quite as 'quaint' as I had hoped for. We stayed in room 101, which was right by the lobby area and front door. Very noisy late at night as other guest were retuning. The front door does not close quietly!!They offered a continental breakfast for purchase...$11.95!!! It only included bagels, pastries, fruit, juice and coffee. (I don't think so...!)Parking was a nightmare and we weren't there on a weekend. When we made our reservation the manager said she would put us down for a reserved spot (for $10/day). When we arrived, there wasn't a spot for us. Guess she forgot.My biggest disappointment was with our final bill. First, at check in we were charged in full for all 3 nights. We were only given the charge receipt, not a detailed bill. When we were leaving, my husband requested a detail bill. WELL.....in addition to the $85/night that we had been quoted,there was a other charge of $ 42 and taxes. I have called about this 'other charge' and was awkwardly told it was taxes. We know that is not right. BEWARE!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AZJOHN1
<Content>nice location, laid back feel After reading so many concerns about the property, I decided to see it for myself before committing. I stayed at the Embassy Suites (Isla Verde/Carolina...reviewed separately) upon first arriving and asked to see a room at Windchimes. Everything at the property (room, plumbing, pool, etc.) was in good condition, and I found some of the criticisms listed here to be harsh and/or exaggerated. The 2nd floor water pressure was adequate, and there was always hot water for me. I bathe at dinner time. Maybe it's different if you are showering in the morning along with lots of other people. I paid $85 for a standard (queen) room and later had to move to a king size room for $125 a night. This is off-season. The people who complain about the price being too high apparently don't know what rooms are going for at the chain hotels in town ($175 and up, with huge amounts of tax and resort fees added on.) The atmosphere is casual and quiet. There are lovely sitting areas, some sunny and others cozy and covered. The rooms are small, but I was no happier in the large room compared to the smaller one. I stayed just above the lobby and did hear some noise on occasion. The air conditioner or fan masked the noise, though. I can see how the rooms right next to the lobby would be noisy. After a few days, I noticed there are tiny cameras everywhere on the property, which is good for security, I guess. The free wi-fi usually did not work in the room, only in the lobby and bar, but the clerks were upfront about this. The location is great. I like to walk, and if you walk a block south, you are on a main street of a real local neighborhood. A block north, you're at a nice beach. A lot of restaurants, casinos, hotels, shops, etc. were about a 1/2 mile west. If you don't like to walk, then you probably will have to choose between the erratic bus service or expensive taxis. There's no entertainment or shopping right there. Most people say you should rent a car in San Juan, but traffic is a nightmare; parking is worse.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>TravelingButterfly
<Content>Great location to the beach I definitely agree with the reviewer below me. It's a great location to the beach, but it's a good 15 minute walk to get to the main strip where the restaurants are. The bus is the BEST bet to get to Old San Juan - it's just 75 cents, but they only come every 20-30 mins. A cab is about $13-14.We had our reservation at the At Wind Chimes, but like a lot of people, got upgraded to the Acacia - which, in my opinion, was MUCH nicer!! We got a FREE upgrade, mind you, with a gorgeous balcony suite. There is zero parking on the street, nor do they have a parking lot (the At Wind has a lot for $10 a day, not worth it IMO). Definitely get any advice from FELIX at the front desk (Acacia) - he can recommend eateries, things to do, what to avoid, etc. Definitely go to Kasalta bakery for breakfast (10 min walk, opposite way of the Old City). And unlike a previous post, skip Bebo's cafe (it's Bebo's not Beso's). It's Dominican owned, and they have the WORST service ever. The food wasnt even worth it. Going into Old San Juan - eat at Lupi's Mexican Restaurant - so good!!!!I thought the rooms were really nice, we stepped out and had the jacuzzi right by our room. The pool is at the At Wind (you have access to both hotels) and the sandwiches and chips/salsa are excellent at the bar! You MUST go to the waterfall (El Yunque) - if you rent a car it's only a 25 min ride. I dont know how much a cab is. It's not far though.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travellifenow
<Content>Cool Little Affordable Spot if Your Focus is Beach I stayed with a friend a few weeks ago and had a decent stay. The highlights were the staff was friendly and helpful, the cozy atmosphere of the inn, and I loved the acerola (cherry juice) that they had at the bar. The rooms were clean, although I didn't love the shower solution. You should definitely bring shower shoes. The biggest plus was the proximity to a nice stretch of beach. If my goal was to really get solid beach time - I would stay there again, especially if I was going it alone. The challenge is that in terms of location to Condado's restaurants and main strip - it isn't that close. You'll definitely do a 15/20 minute walk, cab for $8 minimum, or the bus. The cab and bus can be easy (front desk calls cab - and they come in like 3-5 minutes), the bus schedule is hit or miss. So overall - if I wanted to explore more restaurants or be closer to Old San Juan, I'd stay nearer to the Marriott or Condado Plaza. Other than that - it was a great find - you get what you pay for, but this was worth it, and a good intro to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Bootsinthesand08
<Content>Loved the Inn We just want to say thank you Evenlyn and staff for making our stay with our friends so relaxing and enjoyable. All the staff was helpful and courtesy. The Inn is in a great location close to a great beach and within walking distance of a great weekend block party!!!! We look forward to coming back again. Kiesha  Rafee from Washington, DC  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MyaniqueD
<Content>Cute Inn My best friend and I stayed at Wind Chimes Inn during an impromptu vacation. We decided on Puerto Rico since we hadn't visited that island yet. (We travel through the caribbean quite a bit). We needed somewhere clean, near to the beach, with good staff and as inexpensive as possible. Wind Chimes was pretty good in all these areas. The room we stayed in was about the size of a standard bedroom, located upstairs w King Size bed and a bathroom. The water pressure wasn't that great, i guess because we were upstairs, and the hot water was intermittent. That wasn't a problem for us because this is a pretty standard situation in the caribbean unless you're in a big hotel. Bathroom was fairly clean, and our towels and linens were changed daily. Cable TV available in the room, and my friend picked up the internet on her laptop. The swimming pool is really just there to wade around and cool off in. Very small, but i liked it. There is a separate tanning area above the pool as well.The staff is awesome, we found ourselves hungry late one night and the chef/bartender Angel fixed my friend a tasty vegetarian pizza and i had a chicken quesadilla. AWESOME!!!The front desk staff is also really helpful with area information. The hotel is literally a block from the beach. The Condado beach is choppy and the sand isn't as nice as you would find in Negril, Jamaica but for Puerto Rico it was ok. Isla Verde beach is much nicer and not as many teeny boppers about. There were good restaurants to choose from. A five minute walk takes you to a Dominican Restaurant called Beso's. The french eatery La Patisserie was also excellent, the Quiche was amazing. Although my friend insists that the lunch meats there gave her a virus. (I recommend eating cooked meats in foreign countries...newho). 10 -15 minute walk takes you to a wide array of other eating areas, including Uno's Pizza, Starbucks, and other selections.We followed the suggestion to take the bus to Old San Juan and that worked out well for us, since we didn't feel like spending the extra money for a cab.Be prepared to be disappointed with the Bacardi tour, personally had I known what i do now, I would have skipped it. Basically you get 2 drink vouchers, then you take a trolley to the 'tour', Which is essentially videos and pictures, and then you get sent over to a drink expert who tells you how to make Mojito's, Cuba Libre and Daiquiri's. Then it;s over to the gift shop. That's it. No tour of the actual facility or taste testing or view of the estate.All in all, i would recommend Wind Chimes for singles, laidback, adventurous, flexible persons.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>PRvacationer
<Content>A Nice  This small hotel offered us just what we needed. We got married on Condado Beach (Near the Gucci store and beautiful fountain) on March 31, 2008. This hotel was excellent because it offered us the peace and quiet that we needed prior to our wedding. It felt as though it was our own private hotel. When we took pictures the morning of our wedding, we were not interrupted and we did not have to worry about people getting in the way of our photos. The hotel staff was amazing! Ms. Evelyn helped with everything from the preacher to the guide that helped us legalize our destination wedding. The bar staff was great also. They felt like they were family members! We don't drink, but when we needed a late night snack they offered to make a variety of treats. They also catered to our family members the same way when they came to visit. We really appreciate their kindness. We definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you're looking for a quiet place to relax.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Louie74
<Content>Wanted to love it---but didn't. I was so excited to book this place, since I only read good reviews, but I was very disappointed in our room. It was very clean but ended up being the size of a postage stamp, the bed literally filled the whole room. We packed light, only two carry-on bags each for the two of us, but there was no place to put them. We had to stack everything on a chair in the corner and after 6 days the cramped space got very old. After a couple of nights we asked if there was anything else available and they said no, even though it was the middle of the week and we just saw a handful of people throughout our whole stay, but since we were in beautiful Puerto Rico, we weren't in the mood to argue. On the up side, the location was completely safe, we walked everywhere and stayed out on the beach til midnight every night without any problems. We also found a great place for breakfast called Kasalta, it's more like a bakery than a restaurant, but very good. The staff may recommend Pinky's, but we say nooo way. Everything just felt not right about that place, and I'm all about eating from vendors and kiosks, but that place was way too dirty feeling. So enjoy Puerto Rico, it was our first visit and we loved it!! If you don't mind extremely tight quarters I guess you should stay at Wind Chimes, but it really isn't worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>bsurfsd
<Content>looking for a bargain? cheap but go elsewhere barely adequate facility offset by friendly helpful staff - stay could have been unpleasant but you make the best of things and have fun anyway altho i would not reccommend going here. everything is VERY claustrophobic, they wouldn't honor the rate quoted me and charged $75 more because they hadn't sent me an email confirmation. (like i was supposed to know i needed it to be in an email?) Cats fighting under my window on the first night sounded like sombody torturing a kid. air conditioner had no temp setting, so it was either on or off. overhead fan had 5 speeds, starting at paper blowing speed and getting faster. inhouse bar restaurant was terrrible food. only people using it were newcomers who would only go once. Our Gyro didn't use fresh ingredients, greasy meat, stale pita bread and definately not prepared as advertised in the menu. unit kitchenette very bad. freezer didn't work, no micro, no toaster, only elec stove. utensils, pots, pans, etc all in a box under the sink. bathroom so small i had to sit sideways on the crapper or fit knees under the sink. sink has a shelf only twelve inches above it so whatever you do be it brush teeth, rinse face, etc becomes dificult and mirror is on wall behind toilet so shaving involves a lot of turning around to see whats going on. lots of steps with very narrow passage ways. pool is pretty in foto but i've seen bigger bathtubs and it only holds three people in the entire pool area. location not bad. not good, but not bad. no windows to speak of as they are louvered and topped by plants so neighbors can't see in. i talked to some neighbors and their unit was literally a cave beinbg under the pool overlook decking and they had only one window that couldn't be used, their stove burners didn't all work and when you opened their door it was dark and illumination was too feeble to make it in any way comfotable. their 80 yr old parents were in an upstairs unit which due to narrow steep stairs made their stay less than pleasant, etc etc etc. Bottom Line is pay the extra $30-$40 a night and go somewhere else where you can feel like a human being and have an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	4	1	4	1	

<Author>raguilan1
<Content>Good Location. Stay away from the Small Standard Rooms Off Hotel Lobby It was our first trip to PR. All in all it was a good visit. The location was good- we did not rent a car- walked to Condado and all the restaurants. Even hiked it up to Old San Juan, though one may want to take a cab or a bus there. Visiting Old San Juan and the Bacardi tour is a must. Highlights of the trip!On the downside, I would have to say we probably stayed in the worst room in the property. The room was very small- Room 101 is a standard room that faces another room-and is practically in the hotel's small lobby. You can hear the activity with people talking late at night, phones constantly ringing. One night we were awakened at 2:30 in the morning with people arguing and speaking loudly. We didnt like that you were charged for the entire stay upon checking in. The staff was competent- friendly and helpful. But stay away from the standard rooms that are in the hotel lobby!!!We will return to PR, but will not stay here again.Thanks  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>aceserve2001
<Content>Rude staff My wife's pants were ruined when she walked past a hotel worker scrubbing what turned out to be bleach onto a sidewalk. The pants got splattered. When she went to inform the hotel staff, they hinted she was lying, said she had no proof and did not even offer an apology. They then threatened to call the police. We did not stay at the hotel, but this gives you an inkling of the kind of people they employ.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skipus
<Content>Great time At Wind Chimes Just returned from Puerto Rico and six nights At Wind Chimes Inn as part of a group of about 25 people attending a wedding and reception in Old San Juan. This inn is a great place to stay if you want an alternative to the large resort hotel atmosphere while still being close to the beach (a five minute walk) and near many nice shops, restaurants and casinos. It is located in a residential neighborhood , and the whole property has a cozy BB feel to it. Although not overly friendly, the staff is competent and efficient (Felix at the front desk is the star of the group); the rooms are attractive, clean, but not luxurious, and a little smaller than some people may prefer. We don't spend a lot of time in the room, so it worked out perfectly fine for us; if you expect to do more than sleep, shower, and sit in rattan style chairs and watch TV or read a little after a busy day, you will probably be disappointed.The pool area and elevated sun terrace are near the street but a stone wall surrounds the area to provide some privacy. The boat bar a few steps away provides a welcome oasis with a limited menu (breakfast and lunch) and reasonable prices for food and drinks. The bar tenders were very friendly and the whole place has a very laid back, casual feeling to it.Unlike some other reviewers, our whole group did not feel nickel and dimed to death ; we felt they gave us good value for the prices they charged. Driving and parking in San Juan is a REAL CHALLENGE, so you might want to think twice about renting a car unless you plan on visiting other parts of the island. Although the cab fares do add up, it's the way to get around here if you go somewhere beyond walking distance. Public transportation is available and cheap, but we found it took a lot of time to get anywhere; service is a little erratic sometimes.All in all, we had a wonderful stay here. Be sure to visit their sister property down the street (the Acacia). Windchimes guests can take advantage of their huge hot tub area and fine restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>eagle2435
<Content>Don't stay here in San Juan - I have another recommendation My wife and I were on our honeymoon for our Puerto Rico trip. We felt we paid too much for what we received. First of all, it seems like Wind Chimes Inn charges about 25% tax when everyone else on the island charges about 9%. We paid over $150 per night with taxes included when we only booked the room for $120 per night - do the math, that is a ton of taxes. We didn't know better though, because it was the first hotel we stayed in. The room was nicely decorated but pretty small - also, we were given a room right beside the lobby and the front door, even though we told the lady at check-in that we were on honeymoon and wanted some peace and quiet. This definitely caused some problems, what with the spring breakers slamming doors and yelling in the lobby til about 3:30 am every night and the hotel not doing anything to calm the freaks down. Nothing is complimentary and you WILL get nickel and dimed more than anywhere else. Also, the hot water seemed to be non-existent half of the time - take a quick shower if you stay here. It is close to the beach and shops and restaurants which is nice. Also - no parking unless you want to pay $10 per day, and it is pretty difficult to find a spot near the Inn. All in all, the Inn is clean and nicely decorated, but we felt it is overpriced and doesn't offer very good service or value. As a recommendation, we stayed at another hotel in San Juan called the Oceana Hostal Playero on the latter part of our trip and enjoyed a much quieter, nicer, and much less expensive stay. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>FAAM
<Content>beautiful hotel 7 helpful friendly staff My fiance  I stayed for 7 days and found the service to be friendly and welcome. We were initially booked at Wind Chime but was upgraded on arrival. Turned out to be a pleasant surprise. Our room was quite small...but never planned on being in it much anyways. Had a good view...easy access to the LARGE hot tub, which we used nightly. Restaurant in hotel was absolutely fabulous...amazing food  great service! Make sure you make a reservation, well worth your time and money. Beach was 1 minute walk away...clean, large with a stunning sunset. At Wind Chimes had a small but pleasant boat bar...friendly service..but a little pricey. Lots of restaurants, shopping, pharmacies, etc, within a couple blocks. We really enjoyed the greek restaurant just up the road. We rented a car to explore...well worth it...but be careful driving...drivers tend to be impatient.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelerNewYork
<Content>Reservations Don't Mean Much Don鈥檛 count on staying here just because you have reservations. We reserved four nights at the hotel many months ago, and were looking forward to staying here. We arrived on the 14th, reservation number in hand, the person at the front desk looked us up on the computer, then informed us that yes, they had a room all ready, for ONE night. We told her that we reserved four nights, but to no avail. She checked and checked and she was ever so sorry, but nothing was showing up, and there was absolutely nothing available except for that one night on the 14th. Considering that the hotel has a three day minimum stay policy it remains a mystery to us how we were booked for only one night when we reserved. But when we asked, we were told that the person who supposedly made the mistake when she reserved for us was no longer working there. The desk person did try to help us and called several other places to try to find us a room, as did the lady who I believe was the manager, but this being Valentine鈥檚 Day as well as President鈥檚 Day weekend preceding winter break and cruises for many people, there was absolutely nothing available in the price range similar to At Wind Chimes Inn. Finally we were able to find a room at the Condado Plaza (which I will review separately), but that meant that this vacation cost us more than twice as much as what we were originally counting on spending. And, as the icing on the cake, we had to spend another 14 dollars to take a second taxi to the Condado Plaza from this hotel, on top of the 16 from the airport to Wind Chimes.I think as a gesture to make up for the ineptitude in making reservations, they could have offered to pay for the second cab, or at the very least, offer us a drink on the house before we left for the Condado. But aside from 鈥渟o sorry,鈥?nothing was offered.So, my recommendation is to call and double check your reservations before you leave for the Wind Chimes Inn; don鈥檛 assume that just because you have reservations you will actually end up staying here.To be fair, I want to point out the terrible experience rating (one star) reflects only the lost reservation and stress of not having a room after a long day of travel. It does not reflect the hotel itself, such as rooms, restaurant, or service. For all we know, that may have been wonderful. We just didn't get to experience it.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lifesavermom
<Content>Good times at the wind chimes.... My husband and I and our two very young children stayed at the Wind Chimes Inn for four nights, January 29-Feb 2nd. It is a cozy, beautiful little hacienda in the heart of San Juan. Only a short walk to Condado beach. The staff are helpful and knowlegeable; anytime we needed something, they were there IMMEDIATELY. I have heard that some rooms are very small, tv's are small, etc. However, we had a beautiful King room with a decent sized tv and a little kitchenette. It was cozy and comfortable. There was a fold out futon for our 4 year old to sleep on, and the front desk staff immediately brought extra sheets and blankets for him. The food at the Boat Bar is very good, as are the drinks! It was easy to take a short walk to Bebo's Cafe, the bus stop, the beach or a drug store. I felt very at home at the Wind Chimes and would definitely stay there again. The only imperfections: our room was right next to the boat bar (as my husband says, the bar was in our living room--we actually had to walk through it to get to our room) and it got a bit noisy in the am for us 10am risers. The noise at night didn't bother us. Also parking is VERY limited; you can pay $10/night if you have a compact car to park in the tiny gated lot---but there is only space for 4 vehicles. Otherwise, you're fighting for space on the side street, which is no easy task. I loved the Wind Chimes and have wonderful memories there now. Will probably stay again on our next trip!I am in love with Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lovinlife1245
<Content>Charming Small Hotel - We Loved It       A view from the Courtyard looking toward the room  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Beachbum069
<Content>Comfortable in San Juan This was our first vacation to PR and the accomodations at Wind Chimes inn were very nice for a less expensive room (120/night). Staff were helpful and pleasant (printed off our boarding passes). Room 108 was smaller but clean. Fan  AC worked well.Pool was small and cold. The sister hotal (Acacia) had a hot tub that was warm at best. Traffic was loud at times. Balcony/sun deck was a nice area to relax in. Boat bar was convienent and pleasant.Condado beach area was rough surf. Best beach area was by the mariott.We took 2 days and went to Isle Vieques, ferry from Fajardo (2$/person). Beautiful island and beaches. Stayed at CASA ALTA VISTA in Esperanza. Nice hotel. Very helpful staff. Very nice little town. Blue beach was the best. Navio beach was also excellent. Need a 4-wheel drive!!Next time we wil stay in Esperanza. Perfect island experieince. Wild horses have run of the island. FUN!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>erric101
<Content>Loved the Inn This is a great charming Hotel. If you request room 120 you even get you own private terrace overlooking the pool and sun deck. Ginny and the staff are excellent. Getting around was easy. Don't take cabs to Old San Juan. Instead walk to the bus stop and for .75 take the J21 bus. Also for Bacardi Tour. Tak the j21 to Old San Juan and then take the .50 ferry and then a $3 shuttle. Total cost is $7 for one person round trip. Also EB Tours has a great trip to the Rainforest and to Loquillo Beach which is beautiful. Again I would retun in a heartbeat. Great job Wind Chimes.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>poncena
<Content>very small and expensive The room we were given was very small, so small too people could not fit in the bathroom and my partner and I are petite.The room only fit a full size bed, but it appeared to be more like a single and we could barely fit our luggage. The room was not well ventilated and we felt as if we did not have privacy as the curtains would often move with the fan or air conditioner, so we put shoes on the curtains to hold them. Our room faced directly another room.At night we could hear people in the bar and the ice machine was constantly being used.Additionally, the room was not swept and I complained to the front desk about the room not being swept although we stayed there for 4 days. I think we paid a steep price, as we paid 140 for this room.The television was very small, about a 10 inch.Too bad we had this experience and cannot recommend it to our friends who will be visiting the area in the Spring.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>kmadski21
<Content>Awful experience - find a hostel, even if you're older This was my second experience staying at At Wind Chimes Inn. The first time it was a nice experience but this trip was horrible. Upon contacting the Inn, they apologized but didn't offer to help at all.Here were some of our problems from our stay:-On night one, there was a loud commotion in the lobby and the door across from us. It turned out to be someone dressed like a prostitute demanding money from two men in the room. They argued for over 40 minutes which should have been dealt with by someone in the lobby since our rooms were practically in the lobby.-Hot water 鈥?we had no hot water in our room throughout the entire stay there. Upon requesting why at the front desk, we were unable to obtain a reason or assistance and were told to shower in the lobby.-Check out- We were not informed of our check out time at any point. Presumably it is because there was no paperwork printed out upon check in as the printer was broken. When we checked out at noon, we found out that we had to pay an extra $20 for the hour (25% of the room rate). -Services/your service book- after trying to obtain information about church services was next to impossible. The people working the front desk the Sunday we stayed refused to help us other than to say, 鈥渋f it鈥檚 not in the book then we don鈥檛 know鈥? After some discussion, we tried to attend a service that was listed in their guide book and the church was closed as the service no longer existed. - The one positive I'd say was that their adventure travel recommendation was good. He took us on a great trip to the rain forest and he was reasonably priced.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>stephenmac
<Content>Very Happy       Beach closest to the inn looking west  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>theaj
<Content>Warmth and Charm at Wind Chimes! Wind Chimes had all the charm and warmth we were looking for in San Juan and was a good jumping off place for other island destinations. Located in a quiet Condado neighborhood just a block from the beach and a few minutes walk to restaurants and shopping, Wind Chimes is an excellent alternative to the noise and glitz of the tourist beat. Staff goes out of their way to be helpful and welcoming. Rooms are comfortable and clean. (Our king sized bed was amazingly sleepworthy!) The Boat Bar, serving delicious light fare all day long, is a convenient, palate-pleasing feature. Every one of the gifted gentlemen serving there made us feel like family! Nearby is the newly opened 'Niche' restaurant in Acacia, Wind Chimes' sister facility. Not only is the food there beautifully prepared and presented, but the decor is also a delight to the eye. Wind Chimes is great place to come back to -- we're already planning the next trip and would recommend it to anyone looking for a little home away from home in San Juan.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Himelda
<Content>Adequate but I would not return. The staff is nice and the place is close to the beach, well maintainedand clean, but I found several things that I disliked: a) On arrival they charged our credit card for the eight days we were staying there.It felt like we were prisoners and could not change our minds if we did not like the place. I suppose if they do not charge the credit card most people would consider going somewhere else. b) The room where breakfast is served looks nice in the web sites but the reality is different. It is dark, not too clean and does not feel cozy. There are tables on a second floor which are somewhat better but the serviceto these tables is mediocre at best. c) There are lots of additional charges: there is a tax on the breakfast bill that you only find out you have to pay on the last day, it is not included in the receipt yousign at breakfast each day. The chairs that you can take to the beach are $3. Whenever you call a taxi you pay a tourist fee which is much higher than what the meter shows. So, all additional expenses added together make this place as expensive as one of the good hotels closerto town and to the good beaches and restaurants. d) You are not reallyon Condado beach which is the nice beach. You are on a block from a beach that is mostly used by surfers and where very few people go swimming. e) The pool is small and receives little sun because there are several buildings that surround the house and keep the pool in theshade. f) The neighborhood has a few restaurants but the shops and themore commercial areas are not on walking distance. My suggestion is that you stay here only if you have a car and if you like large waves and surfing.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MspTripper
<Content>Enjoyed 3 nights here Enjoyed 3 days here before going to Culebra. The Condado location is very manageable, I took the bus into old San Juan my first day there. Condado Beach is a close block away. There are numerous restaurants in the area. The property itself is a nice little gem, very non-commercial in appearance and feeling. The boat bar is a nice place to have a drink or a solo dinner which I did the first night there. The 2 guys working behind the bar were great and my dinner, prepared as I watched, was delicious. We had probably the worst room in the hotel. It was the front room, with it's door opening off the tiny lobby and next to the front door. It was small, with a queen bed. The location next to the lobby was noisy in the evening and morning when people were coming and going or talking in the lobby. It had both a room a/c unit and a ceiling fan. In general the fan was sufficient to keep the room cool and had an added benefit of providing white noise to block out some of the lobby noise (unlike the a/c which was made the standard roar) The off-season rate, including taxes, was only $100 a night, which is cheap by San Juan standards.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kiaprnllgaymn
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I just returned from a week long stay at the Wind Chimes Inn in San Juan , Condado area and we loved it. The service there was spectacular. Everyone was so pleasant and went out of their way to ensure our stay was comfortable. Ginny and Evelyn were great. A special thanks to Ginny who was exceptional. My husband and I married there and had difficulty locating a venue. Ginny went out of her way to find us the perfect venue, which was the Wind Chimes sister hotel. We really enjoyed our stay there overall. We loved the intimacy of the inn and appreciated the privacy. It was so serene and relaxing. We want to extend our gratitude to the staff there at WInd Chimes and cant wait til next year when we return. Thanks again for everything. Sincerely, The Gaymons  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Bill_and_Nives
<Content>So-So at Wind Chimes The hotel room was small but clean. The walls are paper thin so you hear everything from everywhere.We were shocked at the taxes and fees - 9% sales tax, 5% Energy surcharge and $2 per night per person charge. None of these were disclosed ahead of time, so the $90 night a room was over $106.Also parking would cost $10 per night plus taxes - we parked right next to the hotel on the road for free without problem.The staff would only recommend the restaurant at their sister site (it was good, but very overpriced). We walked to Bebo's (about 3 blocks away) for a very reasonable breakfast. The on site restaurant is hit and miss - they actually turned us away for dinner as they did not have fresh produce...Don't bother with the hotel tours - very expensive also. We rented a car from Charlies for 3 days for $75 and went to the rain forest and Arecibo - both very well marked...  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>SparkyKidMinneapolis
<Content>Puerto RIco Rocks       Luquillo Beach  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>qtkt620
<Content>Fine for a long stay. Don't park here. My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early October. The staff was friendly. The biggest problem we had was that the parking was ridiculous. Not only is the parking limited, but you have to park 4 cars by stacking them and parking as close to the wall as possible. I am very surpised our rental was not completely scratched! You do not just park in a row, but rather with about 6 inches on either side for cars to maneuver around and between the other cars.The rooms are not as pictured. That is their renovated hotel. The room we were in (queen-sized bed) had about six inches on one side of the bed (dresser on the other) and when you opened the door to the room, teh door would hit the lamp (there was no room). Smallest room I've stayed in. My cruise room was larger! The showers were nice nad the decor was simple and clean.We would recommend this hotel for those who will be staying longer and are willing to use a kitchen. Don't get a small room.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tashpc
<Content>Cozy Little Inn My husband and I stayed At Wind Chime Inn on Oct 4-8th. It was a very beautiful cozy little Inn. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The boat bar was great. We had a standard size king room (127). The room was one floor above the boat bar. The bathroom was ok but I think the shower should have a Liner instead of two shower cloth curtain. The first night my husband took a shower and the whole floor was soaken wet. The maid was nice and friendly and did a great job cleaning the room. We took the A5 bus to Old San Juan for .75 cents. You can also take the Trolly for free to see El Morro. The shops and bars were great in Old San Juan. The streets are very very small. We also went to Isle Verde with the A5 bus. The beach was great in Isle Verde. There is a lot of big hotels and bars and restaurants, it was expensive to eat and drink here. The best burger place to eat is Fuddruckers on Asford Ave. Best spanish food is Bebo-just two block away from the hotel. Our over all stay was great and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It was a great experience and would come back again. Thank you to all the staff that helped us with our questions. Natasha and Jacob  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eh80
<Content>Fantastic I recently spent 3 nights at Wind Chimes Inn. It is a beautiful hotel within walking distance of the beach. The room I was in was small but clean and comfortable. It was close to the bar so it was nosiy at times. The pool was beautiful with a littel water fall. I also loved the fact that the hotel was inclosed inside a wall with the rooms off court yards and little hallways. Had a very tropical feel! The staff were very helpful. However there was one woman who made me feel like I was wasting her time by asking where to catch the bus to Old San Juan. The other staff were very happy to book a day trip for me and to call a taxi to the airport. I would definatly stay here agian!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MLR_2007
<Content>Beautiful, Comfortable and Cheap (in the off-season)! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here! The hotel is gorgeous; charming, very clean and well-maintained. The pool is small, but really lovely with a little waterfall. There was only one staff member who was sort of lazy with her suggestions as to where to eat, etc., but everyone else was great. They helped us get on public transportation, moved our luggage for us, and were quick with recommendations. We agreed to change rooms twice. For five days we paid $75 per night for a large room, queen bed, separate seating area, and then stayed one night in a smaller room for the same price. This room was same as the first one but without the separate seating area. The last room we stayed in was huge, with a king bed and kitchenette; I believe that cost $130. The bar staff is great. They were friendly but not overly so, generous, and their food was delicious! They even make their own balsamic vinegar. And they sqeeze oranges right in front of you for any drinks you might order that contain orange juice. The bar is very quaint-looking -- it is open to the courtyard rather than being indoors.The beach is a block away from the hotel. When we were there it was pretty empty. The ocean was a little rough because at that point we weren't near a bay, nor were there any retaining walls. The hotel staff will probably recommend you eat at Bebo's, but there is a restaurant called Jataca that is across the street from BeBo's and a few steps down (to the west) that has great food for very cheap.All in all we had a wonderful time. We got to experience a less tourist-sanitized P.R. than one would experience staying in a Holiday Inn or on a resort.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lsrrain
<Content>Well Worth It! All of the great reviews of this hotel were very accurate - my son  I stayed at the Wind Chimes  we were not disappointed! It was exactly like the pictures portrayed, beautiful little spanish-hyacinda style hotel. It was very cozy, very clean and very safe. We walked the block to the beach w/ no problems. I was a little concerned about walking to restaurants during the evenings but we were assured it was safe so we did and had absolutely no problems. The area is heavily policed. Our room was always cleaned thoroughly, it was easy to get the bus to Old San Juan, the Acacia w/ the jacuzzi is phenominal! Stay there if you can but either place is wonderful! The beach is so clean w/ white sand  blue water - there is a great restaurant a block from the hotel, forgot the name but it's right beside the gas station on the corner. They had THE BEST Tres Leche cake - coffee is excellent in Puerto Rico, anywhere you go. The Boat Bar food is a little pricey but it was always good - my son loved the All Hands sanwiches. The bartenders always worked hard to make a beautiful presentation of the food. Don't forget to tip them! I loved this hotel  would recommend to anyone visiting sunny P.R.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Beach999
<Content>Nice Small Inn My husband, 14 year old son and I stayed a few days prior to a trip to Tortola. We would stay here again. This is a nice small intimate hotel and the rooms and staff particularly in the bar were great. We arrived after 10:00 pm after the food service so the bartender took it upon himself to call a local restaurant he knew of to see if they were still open so we could feed our hungry son. The beach is close and very nice. Condado is within walking distance, however there is a lot of construction going there. The pool is small and though they have a posted closing hour of 6:00, we did use it later.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>airsonu
<Content>good location but small At Wind Chimes Inn in San Juan, Puerto Rico was in a good location in Condado, but in general the room was small, and the bathroom even smaller. We stayed 3 nights.Like other overdeveloped areas, the building looked like a well maintained converted bungalow. Parking space is a luxury. Nearby street parking might be available if you are lucky. Otherwise, the Inn has a driveway that can hold about 6 cars. Driveway parking is tight, and only if everyone parks carefully can entry and exit be made without moving another car.Our room was accessible through a narrow walkway at the rear of the building. There was no sunlight at all, and the door to another room was immediately adjacent to ours.The room was clean and well furnished with standard amenities. My only significant complaint was the bathroom. A corner of the room was blocked off with a diagonal wall and very thin closet door. This was the bathroom. It was very tight for a 5' 11 165 pound man. I think it was impossible to change clothes in there.Internet access was available but only in certain areas of the property. Since the building was constructed with bricks there was no signal in our room. We had to sit in the patio bar area for internet access.The patio bar area looked like it was meant for a small group of close friends to hang out at. I have no opinion one way or the other about it.There are many restaurants within a 10 minute walk of the Inn.The beach is within a 5 minute walk of the Inn. The beach was clean and not crowded. We didn't spend much time at the beach, so I can't say much about it.The beaches in the Carolina and Isla Verde areas are a short drive from the Inn.Access to main roads and highways was very good.In general the staff was helpful, but a couple front desk receptionists didn't speak English well enough to help us.Overall, because the room was small, I would not return to this Inn unless there were no other choices.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>karyn_carlo
<Content>home away from home Even though the Condado area. on the whole, is a bit depressed, this inn still maintains a homey, welcoming, feeling. The rooms are quite comfortable and the unique beachy decor is a welcome change from the mass produced hotel look. The pool is small, but nice and you have access to a HUGE jacuzzi in a nearby inn as well. The beach is gorgeous and only a block away. If you are looking for a place that is less expensive and less touristy choose wind chimes.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerryandsusan32
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I spent July 8 - July 12 at Wind Chimes and wish we had planned to stay longer. This is a beautiful inn in a lovely setting. Our room was very nice - yes, the bathroom is small but who cares when you're in such a great place. The front desk staff is friendly and helpful - especially the young lady who helped us when Tropic Tours decided to cancel our tour to El Junques. She put us in touch with Raphael, PR4Less, and he was wonderful. We toured El Junques, went to a peaceful local beach, and thoroughly enjoyed the bioluminescence tour in Fajardo. Also ask them for recommendations of restaurants, things to see and do, etc. Pamela's is wonderful for a special dinner. Now, to the one thing that sets At Wind Chimes totally apart from other lovely inns - THE BOAT BAR! The young men who work there are personable, friendly, helpful, wonderful cooks, and excellent bar tenders!! I cannot say enough about them as a group or as individuals. They even worried about us when we didn't stop by one evening. Freddy makes absolutely the best Mojito I've ever tasted. We will definitely return and recommend At Wind Chimes highly. Susan and Jerry Webb  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>khymmnyc
<Content>I had an fantastic vacation at the Wind Chimes inn I stayed at the Wind Chimes Inn July 5th thru 9th. If you are lookingfor a clean, affordable and quiet place to relax. Then definitely check them out when in San Juan..It's a block if that from the ocean and you can use also use their sister property hot tub Acacia. I didn't know what to expect being my first trip to San Juan and solo at that. But I took the bus downtown. I walked around the neighborhood and everyone I came in contact with was extremely helpful with directions and tips on places to eat and visit. Can't wait to return in December.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BaechLover
<Content>Been twice and happy both times The Wind Chimes is great if you want to go to Peurto Rico and not spend a fortune on your accomodations. The parking can be a pain, this is an urban area, I would not recommend a car unless you really plan to go around the island. Tours are availble and well worth the price. The buzzer at the door is for your own safety. One person was diappointed that there was no room service, but the bar will bring your food to your room if you ask. I was skeptical of the bar's food at first sight, because it so small, but it was delicious. We have eaten breakfast, lunch, and dinner there many times, and it is always good. We stayed in room 120 both times, and for about $120.00 a night you have a private balcony, and a king sized bed. It is less than a full block to the beach, and it is also close to many restaurants. The front desk will help with cabs, or advice. We have stayed there twice, and would do so again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HellertownTraveler
<Content>Quaint convenient location At Wind Chimes in San Juan was our first stop during a 10 day trip to PR. We stayed 3 nights and were quite satisfied. We had a nice upstairs room with a small outside seating area complete with wrought iron table and chairs. Our room had a king size bed (very comfortable mattress), big ceiling fan and air conditioning, plus a fridge. Room was cleaned daily. One short block from the beach which is wide with white sand. Ocean is beautiful, with waves. Beach wasn't crowded - definitely visit the beach while you're there.Staff was friendly and helpful. They gave us directions to places to eat withing walking distance. Try Bebos, it's a block and a half from the hotel, very reasonable - under $30 for dinner for 2, with drinks. I had rented our car in advance, from Thrifty (cheapest), before we arrived in San Juan. You jump in the Thrifty bus at the airport, and you are taken right to the car lot. You get your car and off you go. I reccomend renting a car, there's so much to see within a 45 minute drive from Condado - if you only make one trip out of San Juan, make it Luquillo Beach. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>HLSTravelers
<Content>Charming and Great for the Price All and all my boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay but there weresome things people should be aware of. We booked a room in the At Wind Chimes Inn through Expedia but when we arrived they said that our room was in their other building down the street. This other building is a new hotel that's just opening called Acadiana so there was lots of construction going on. The parts of the hotel that were finished were absolutely gorgeous and it was closer to the beach thanthe at wind chimes (which is only a block from the beach). Even though we were in the Acadiana, we were able to use all the amenitiesof the At Wind Chimes Inn. We ended up not minding the switch but if you would mind, you should confirm which building you will be stayingin.The LOCATION is great! You are a block from the beach and only 10 minutes from downtown Old San Juan. It really is the best of both worlds. The neighborhood is quiet. If you go a block in one directionyou hit designer shops and fancy restaurants but a block in the otherdirection and the area is a little sketchy so be aware of that.The FOOD at the bar was amazing! They cook everthing right in front of you. It's really fresh and just wonderful. It's not super cheap but it's not super expensive either. The bar staff is friendly and welcoming as well. It can take a while if you get there when it's busy though.The POOL is small but a nice place to relax and if you want to swim in something bigger, the ocean is just a block a way. The BEACH nearby was not that crowded and had lots of great waves.I would definitely recommend the At Wind Chime Inn or the Acadiana (when it opens up as its own hotel). I can't wait to go back myself!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Ted_and_Laura
<Content>We can鈥檛 imagine staying anywhere else in the San Juan area!       Jacuzzi at the Acacia too  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goluboivagon
<Content>Wouldn't stay there again We stayed at Wind Chimes at the end of April (room 109). As New Yorkers we were prepared for dealing with small spaces, so we weren鈥檛 perturbed by the tiny bathroom or room size. What did bother me, however, was that the room was constantly damp, and you could notopen the window (it doesn鈥檛 open) or the door (the bar is always fullof people) to get some fresh air in. At the end of our stay there I found mold growing on my sneakers! We asked the staff about changing the room, but the options that they offered us cost additional $100.As I mentioned, the bar is right outside the window; workers come in at 7 and people don鈥檛 leave til 11:30-midnight. The food prices are too high, even for those used to Manhattan price tags. Why would you want to eat in a hotel when you can walk a short block to Bebos on Loiza and have amazing, inexpensive meals? I guess, people who stay in this hotel want to stick to the familiar. Lesson learned: prior to booking the room, ask at the reception what鈥檚 outside the window.Furthermore, when renting a car, the staff hooks you up with Target 鈥搉ot the most honest car-rental place. The staff did seem nice; too bad we were eager to run out of our hotel room at 7 am and not to return til 11 at night.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>la_globetrotteuse
<Content>good for the price The reception area of the hotel is quite impressive but by the time I reached my room I was a bit disappointed. My room(109) wasn't very nice and smelt of damp. Having said that I was given the last available room in the hotel which was directly in front of the bar. This didn't bother me too much though cos I watched TV, then went out during bar opening hours. I was pleasantly surprised to find an air con regulator which is quite rare in Condado as they either have an off or on setting usually. They also sell stamps at the reception which is handy and post your postcards for you. Didn't really have any complaints about the hotel considering the price, apart from the aforementioned and it's quite possibly the only place in town you can buy a salad that doesn't cost the earth! There was one thing that bugged me though. The location, it was right on the other end of ashford avenue so a long walk to shops and restaurants but apart from that, it was fine basic accommodation for the price.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kimb0
<Content>Great Inn! We just returned from 5 magnificent days in Puerto Rico and loved the Wind Chimes Inn. We had a cute room with the tiniest bathroom ever and we loved it. Debbie at the front desk is absolutely awesome. When my hubbie asked for her to make dinner reservations for the following night, we received a hand written note taped to our door regarding not only our reservations but also detailed notes on how to get there! The bar was incredible as well and they fixed drinks and meals at any time of the day. We LOVED it and we are hoping to return. The only drawback could be that the beach is a block down from the inn.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ponsib
<Content>Great place to stay in San Juan I stayed at Wind Chimes with my wife and two children (ages 6 and 9) for three nights. There is a three night minimum stay at the Inn. We arrived for a late check-in after the pool is normally closed. The front desk woman (I don't remember her name) offered to let the kids swim as long as their voices were down. The kids loved it! I asked her if I could still get food from the boat bar and she informed me that the food service was closed but she then walked over with me and asked the bartender what he could make for me. She really went out of her way to make us happy. Speaking of the boat bar, one of the workers is attending culinary school and I was impressed with his attention to details and the effort he made when making and serving the food. We also had great breakfasts (the pancakes are awsome but not on the menu) while listening to caribbean music. Everyone that we encountered at the Inn were pleasant to deal with. We found it very easy to catch a bus to Old San Juan from this location. I wouldn't recommend that you take a car to this area because parking and traffic is a mess. Our room had one bed with a futon for the kids to sleep on and was adjacent to the boat bar. It was nice to wake up in the morning and have our coffee at the small table just outside our door. The music at night was kept low and didn't bother us at all. I believe was turned off at 11pm. The room was nothing fancy but it served it's purpose well. I would stay here again if we travel back to San Juan without hesitation!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>moonshaker
<Content>Great Beach, great Location My wife and I stayed at Windchimes Apr 11-15, 07. The location was great, the beach was one of the best I have ever experienced. We were able to easily find out the popular eating places that the locals liked and the food was great. When we traveled to the ritzy section with the five star hotels, we found the tourist were snobby, the food was TOO Americanized and not at all as good as the small dining places. If you need pomp and glitz this is not it. .We ate three brekfast at the Pueblo grocery nearby - The food was so good. And don't forget about Pinky's just down the beach for lunch and Bebos for an outstanding dinner.  The Beach was not crowded and we were always able to get a nice place under the coconut trees to set up our beach chairs. The surf was a little rough but did not deter us from an ocassional swim. The Staff at Windchimes was very courteous and did all they could to be helpful. The food at the bar was excellent, drinks were great and the prices were resonable. Ask for a room off the front as the locals stay up late around the weekend and it may be a bit noisy at night - but not too bad.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>DurkVentura
<Content>Not Corporate and That's a Good Thing I was in Puerto Rico for business and decided to combine the trip with a vacation. My goal was a place to sleep that was less than $100/night and 鈥渃ute.鈥?For that price I couldn鈥檛 even find a Best Western or Motel 6. I just about gave up when I stumbled upon Wind Chimes. This place exceeded my expectations in every way. If you are into 10-story corporate chain hotels with huge front desks and lobbies that are bigger than airport terminals, Wind Chimes is not for you. If you are into boutiquey hotels that have a little charm but may not be absolutely perfect every day of the week, I strongly recommend Wind Chimes.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>haley01
<Content>At Wind Chimes was great! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in mid-March. We had a great time. The staff members were all friendly and helpful. Our room (128) was great--we had our own private balcony with a table and chairs. The walk to the beach was not too long. We also used the spa at Acacia and really enjoyed it.The room was clean. We felt completely safe staying there, and even kept our valuables (including cash) in the room without using the safe and didn't have any problems. I was not comfortable doing that at first but my boyfriend asked Jeannie at the front desk about renting the safe and she said there was no need, the housekeepers had worked there for 15 years. She was right. My only complaints about the room are that there was no full length mirror and the shower was OK the first couple of times, but by the end of our stay I was wishing for my shower at home. Just not enough pressure for me, I guess. Also don't forget to bring your hair-dryer as there is not one in the room. We rented a car and parked on the street, as it was a last-minute decision and the parking lot was full. We had to drive around the block a few times, but other times we found a spot right outside the hotel. I'd rather save the $10 a day. We had breakfast at Kasalta a couple of times and it was really good--fresh pastries. Leave the hotel and go right, towards Ocean Park (within walking distance). We also ate at the Columbo Frozen Yogurt place in Condado one morning and that was surprisingly good as well--really good Cafe Con Leche. For dinner, we ate at Latin Star in Condado (good local food), Mirabueno in Old San Juan (great food--more upscale, and we happened to go on Opera Night which was a neat experience), and Pamela's in Ocean Park. Pamela's was my favorite, as we went a little later (9 pm or so) and had a table on the beach. It was really quiet out there, only about 8 tables. The food was really good--I had fish, my bf had lamb. We had snacks at the Boat Bar at the hotel a few times--the mango salsa was very good. We went drinking in Condado the first night and walked back to the hotel with no problems. We took a cab another night. We also took a cab into OSJ Saturday night. We went back during the day on Monday and drove our car and parked at a deck near the Sheraton. I also gambled a bit at the Sheraton in OSJ and the Marriott and had good luck at both. Very small though, not like Vegas casinos.Overall we had a great time at this hotel and in San Juan. Like many other reviews have said, if you are expecting luxury, stay somewhere else. But if you are looking for a beautiful, cozy inn with great rates, stay here!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChristinaChicago
<Content>Nice little inn               More photos  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sassygirl18
<Content>Nice place to stay       Room #106  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Minnesota_Ice
<Content>Excellent small inn. I happened on the Wind Chimes because I needed a place to stay when my flight was delayed because of snowstorm. I didn't expect to find such a treasure.The Wind Chimes is a perfectly appointed and renovated small hotel located on the border between the Condado (ritzy, beach, and high rises) and Ocean Park (ritzy, beach, and homes).The staff were exceptional. The facility includes a small pool, sundeck, and bar that serves a limited menu for all meals. The hotel is allied with (managed by? owned by?) the Acacia Guesthouse, which is half a block away and just finishing renovations. At this time, guests are allowed to use the common facilities at either hotel.The hotel is definitely gay-friendly and probably 25% of the clientele were gay couples.My room was nicely appointed, exceptionally clean, and a bargain at $80 plus tax for a queen size bed.I'll be back!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bartsbabe
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised! After reading some of the negative online reviews, particularly on this site, about Wind Chimes Inn, I was somewhat hesitant to stay there. However, my boyfriend and I took a chance and thoroughly enjoyed our stay! It is a wonderful, comfortable, affordable inn that feels like home away from home. We stayed 3 nights pre-cruise and we do not have kids.Here's a rundown of Wind Chimes Inn...Location-quick walk to the beach, restaurants, shopping, and only 10-15 minute drive to airport and cruise ships. We felt very safe walking around by the Inn and neighboring homes were all well kept.Parking- did not have to deal with since we always walked or took taxis.Doors to property- require your room key to enter and exit, but not a big deal and worth it to feel safe.Front desk staff- ALWAYS helpful and accommodating. Got to know each one a little bit.Rooms-Our room was wonderful. Very comfortable, cool, high ceilings, lots of room to put our stuff. The bathroom was on the small side, but that didn't bother us one bit.Public areas- The lobby is lovely and inviting. The upstairs terrace area with the wind chimes is a quiet place to enjoy a book. The sun deck has several big comfy lounge chairs. The courtyard is a great place to meet people and read.Pool- Not heated but it doesn't need to be! Very comfortable water temp. and the perfect place for a dip. No smaller than a lot of back yard pools!Bar/restaurant- Our favorite part! We spent a lot of time here chatting with the staff and other guests. The drinks were wonderful and the food was affordable and delicious! It was just so convenient to have this bar right inside the hotel and it made meals times very easy. Contrary to other reviews on this website, the bar staff does not make any of the food on a George Foreman Grill! Several of the bar staff members are studying culinary arts and prepare your food on open flames right in front of you. All of the food was beautifully presented and delicious. Worth EVERY PENNY!Overall- we just loved our time at Wind Chimes Inn and we were sad to leave. We highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a charming, affordable, friendly place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gulfislanders
<Content>reserve early       buzz at the gate  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jasubar
<Content>Great quiet place to stay         
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jmsny
<Content>Nice Little Hotel For truly inexpensive, long-weekend getaway The At Wind Chimes Inn worked perfectly myself and my fiance. The room we had was very, very small -- if we didn't stow our luggage on top of a rack, there wouldn't have been anywhere for us to walk -- BUT we barely spent anytime in our room. The beach was perfect. The hotel is situated about a half block from the beach. It took maybe two minutes to get there. The pool is also very small and the bar's food selection was a bit limited. The main strip of hotels/restaraunts is about a ten/fifteen walk. If I were to go again, I would probably cab this late at night.Overall, if you're looking for a quiet weekend getaway, I think this is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	1	

<Author>TexasWebfeet
<Content>Charming Hidden Hideaway What a find right in the middle of the Ocean Park and Condado action! You are minutes from just about everything. The hotel is an oasis of tranquility in the center of town. Complimentary Wi-Fi, quaint little pool, terrific bar with fresh food and drink choices. I was stunned when the bartender used real fruit to make strawberry and banana daquiries! Best of all it is small so you get to know everyone quickly and it doesn't feel crowded.Definitely will recommend and return again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmweaver
<Content>Wonderful little hotel We have a really great stay, the hotel and staff were awesome! I loved the outdoor bar where you could have breakfast in the morning and dirnks in the evening.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>1SCREEN1NAME1
<Content>Great! At Wind Chimes Inn was exactly as pictured on its website - charming and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was good - in the residential area of Condado, a 5-minute walk to the beautiful beach, and a 10-minute walk to the local bakery (there is an authentic bakery a few blocks east of the inn, in Ocean Park). You have to take a cab or drive to Old San Juan and to the nightlife in Condado (bars, casinos, restaurants). The cab ride to the nightlife in Condado was $8, or a 20-25 minute (sweaty) walk. We did not go to the inn bar and restaurant, but there were always people there, and we have heard that the food is good. Our room was perfect - the only one located on the top floor with the terrace. The terrace is open to the patrons, but no one goes up there. The only small downfall to the inn is the lack of parking in the parking lot - we saved $10, but had to park on a busy street a block away. We would stay at At Wind Chimes Inn again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ct968
<Content>Nice place to stay My husband and I stayed here from Oct. 13 - 16. Nice location.- it was easy to get to Isla Verde, Condado and Old San Juan. We rented a car and paid the extra $10 a day for parking which worked out fine. We only used the pool once but it was very relaxing. We had breakfast one morning at the bar and the food was just great.We stayed in room 103 which had a king size bed, and kitchenette. We didn't use the stove but it was really nice having the mini-refrigerator. The bed was comfy enough. The bathroom was very small but that didn't bother us much.We'd definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>rootsie
<Content>Absolutely loved At Wind Chimes! (try using the 1-800# to reserve:)               More photos  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>willshabshis
<Content>Unreliable Reservation System I booked this hotel through WWTE. WWTE is used by many travel sites such as Delta and JetBlue to book hotels. I received a confirmed reservation from WWTE stating that my room was booked. When I contacted At Wind Chimes Inn they stated that I had no reservation. After calling WWTE and them calling the hotel, WWTE told me that the hotel assured them that my room will be available as reserved. After arriving to San Juan, I called the hotel and as it turned out the room was not available and they switched me to another hotel that they own. Being cautious I decided to check out the room at a new hotel and as it turned out accomodations were totally not acceptable and the hotel was ridden with roaches size of water bugs. I would never book this hotel ever again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juani55
<Content>lOVED it         
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cdillard
<Content>Charming, pleasant staff We stayed here three nights in July. I would recommend the hotel for stays no longer than three nights, and for couples/singles without children: there isn鈥檛 much that children can walk to.Accommodations. Our room was in the back, past the boat bar. Accommodations were comfortable, slightly above basic. The ceiling fan made the room actually quite cool, even with the A/C turned to low. The bathroom door was slotted (like blinds) so there was almost no privacy. The shower had a curtain, but was otherwise open; the size of a tub. I agree with comments that the water takes awhile to warm up: let it run about five minutes before jumping in. The pool is small, but is great if you can snag it to yourselves (which isn鈥檛 hard to do).Staff. The staff was very friendly. They directed us to restaurants, the bus stop and the Pueblo. When it came time for us to venture beyond San Juan, they assisted us with a car rental and a flight back from Vieques. The man at the front desk was very informative about the flights, ferries and car rentals, providing us with information to help make our decision about transportation to and from Vieques. The beach is just one block from the hotel, and is not at all crowded. If you have a rental car while staying here, check with the hotel first (in advance) to find out if they have a parking space available (very limited parking). If not, you will have to park on the street鈥攁nd there is not much space on the street, either. For the one night we had our car at the hotel, we had to park illegally on the street, along with about a dozen other cars. There were no problems, but it made me nervous. Dining. Most of the Condado restaurants are about a mile up Ashford Avenue (which is called McLeary in front of the hotel). Bebo鈥檚 is a Puerto Rican cuisine restaurant a bit closer, about two blocks toward Condado on Calle Loiza. They are fairly inexpensive ($10pp) and seem to be quite popular with locals. Transportation. The A5 bus runs to Old San Juan for $.75/person each way. It picks up on Calle Loiza; ask the front desk to direct you. If you take a taxi back from Old San Juan, go to the Plaza Colon (in front of San Cristobal). There is a taxi stand here, and because it鈥檚 at the edge of town, you won鈥檛 have to sit in OSJ traffic. We took a taxi from Plaza Colon to At Wind Chimes Inn and it was $12.Location. The hotel is in a residential area, about a mile from the Condado strip. We made the walk after dark, but it made me a bit nervous at times.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place To Stay!!! Okay, I have been reading different reviews. I just don't understand why people complain? Yeah, the rooms are not big....It is not a villa! But it's more than you can ask for the price you pay. Besides, there is so much to do in San Juan. Why spent time watching TV in your room. If that is what you wannna do you might as well stay at home. The showers did take a little bit to get warm but it wasn't bad. The service was great. The food was yummy for a quick bite. They fix you something right in front of you. If you want to have a real nice dinner there are plenty of restaurants in El Condado and old San Juan. The pool was small but cute. We enjoyed the area it was not to far away from the casinos and old San Juan. The beach is right down the street. We rented a car. Driving out there isn't bad. But directions are pretty confusing, I recommend to get a really good map before hitting the road. For some reason people don't know how to give directions.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>graceCP
<Content>not fancy; but nice. My husband and I stayed at At Wind Chimes Inn in April 2006 ,for a total of 8 nights(7 pre-cruise and 1 post-cruise). We found the inn to be clean and the staff super-friendly. Gabby in reception was really helpful ,as well as Claudette. Juan at the bar was charming. Prices were reasonable. Although the nightlife is not exactly booming , it is a great place to relax at the end of the day. There is a great selection of drinks, and while the choice of food is limited, it is cooked right in front of you.If you are looking for a luxury hotel, this is NOT it. If you are looking for a reasonably-priced, clean hotel ,with a personal touch, then Wind Chimes fits the bill. (We paid approx.105.00 per night U.S.) The rooms are small but clean, and if you so choose you can rent the efficiency unit with a small fridge and chesterfield for more room(PRICED HIGHER AT APPROX 150.00)The towels are plentiful, the staff are courteous.The pool is small but great for a dip on a hot day. Most time is spent at the beach anyway so who cares? Old San Juan is just 10 or 15 minutes away by bus (fare is 0.75 cents each way). There is a great restaurant called Bebosthat serves chicken, burgers, etc,, with really reasonable prices. Also for those who want fast foods there is a Burger King, a MacDonalds, and a KFC within walking distance (10 min).We would definitely visit San Juan again. The people are fantastic and there is lots to see and do. Would we stay at Wind Chimes again??? Without a doubt!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just "ok" the first room we were taken to was horrible. it was next to the bar which was loud. the room was a suite with a kitchen. it was dark, small, and the windows had no screens. we were not happy with the room and asked if there was anything else. they took us to a much better room for the same price. it was clean and a nice size. the food was ok. the pool is really small. i wouldn't go back because of the location. there was nothing to do around the hotel. we had to take $20 cab rides to old san juan to go out for dinner and bars. the staff was nice, but that is not enough for me to go back!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Little Getaway !! Very nice little place. Clean, very accomodating staff  convenient location. My husband  I booked this on line, with out any reccomendations  were pleasantly surprised. If your interested in a 4 star upscale hotel, this is not for you, try the high rises in San Juan, BUT, if a relaxed, casual experience is to your liking, we would reccomend Wind Chimes.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment....Will not return! Although the staff was warm and friendly, they were not terriblly helpful or accommodating. The room was dingy and badly in need of updating. There was no door to the bathroom. The room was tiny, you could barely walk around the bed and there were no amenities. The television was tiny and the cable kept going out. The shower temperature was erratic and it took about twenty minutes to get lukewarm water. On two of the three nights we were there we were kept up by loud and rowdy guests who were partying right outside of our door. When we called the desk to complain, nobody answered the phone. When we complained the next morning the manager told us that it was spring break and we should have expected noise. There are much nicer hotels that have amenities and are near the beach. I will stay in one of those hotels the next time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! We were three runaway housewifes in need of me time. Wind Chimes was what we needed. This place is a FABULOUS place to relax and mingle with mature and friendly people. Exotic and secluded. Not open to the public (unless you have a key). There are so many corners in this inn to just relax and mellow in. The staff from the desk to the cleaning is very professional and friendly. Food in the Bar is great as well as the drinks. Closed to everything (even a Seven-eleven nearby!!). Great Room! Great tanning decks! No hustle  bustle! They even do your laundry for a small fee. Room was clean every day. Front desk was very helpful with information. We have vowed to return to Wind Chime and make it our getaway place. I stayed 5 days and could have stayed 5 more!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wtebeau
<Content>cute place, nice staff Stayed here for 5 nights with 2 other friends. THe room was adequate and faced the street out front. The staff was courteous and helpful at all times. This place is quaint and our room was comfortable, though I think there is a WIDE variance in room quality. I only have 2 complaints for this hotel. One, the shower was terrible. The water pressure was such that it felt like you were being pelted by 100 little needles, and the temperature was impossible to regulate. Two, the hotel is a little removed from the main strip of stores and restaurants, which meant you had a minimum 10 minute walk to get anywhere, and as much as a 30 minute walk to get to the far end of the strip(maybe longer, but that was as far my friendsand I felt like walking).As far as the housekeeping, the staff again is friendly and accomodating but they did not change the sheets one time the whole 5 nights we were there, and I doubt they ever swept. By the end of our stay, the sand on the floor was a little gross. Otherwise, everything was great, the place is cute, and adequate for a trip where you don't really plan to hang out in your room.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LatinoGuy
<Content>Always fun!               
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>overniteTPE
<Content>moderte friendly, noisy location, withsmall rooms, and clean facility.Moderate prices, adequate barand quick meals.we had 2 junior suites each withbath and kitchenette.rooms vary due to location, aspect,size and amenities. Difficult togeneralize about any single room.One jr suite was fine, the othernot so fine. adeaqute kitchenette.okay location overall, but on avery noisy street. housekeepingand management was fine, few bugs,A/C and ventilation.stan age 64  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value, perfect for anyone!       the annex on Taft St. where our room was  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lupevt
<Content>2nd stay - will be back       waterfall in the hotel pool  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing From reading other reviews, it seems that the quality of the rooms can differ tremendously from room to room. I was looking at someone else's pictures on this site, and their room seems nicer, cleaner, and brighter than what we got. My husband and I chose to stay here for 5 nights because it was highly recommended by our guidebook as One of the most charming small inns on the island. The common areas--the lobby, the boat bar, the pool--are indeed charming, but our room was quite small, worn, and dark. The furniture was VERY worn and the air conditioner was loud and blew directly on us. Housekeeping was sketchy, and we even found some dead cockroach parts in the closet. It didn't seem like the sheets were changed at all the entire time we were there, and it didn't seem like the floor was swept very well either. Our room also didn't have a bathroom door (as in, it was not part of the architectural plans), and this was rather annoying. The shower temperature was hard to regulate and the drain was clogged. The room smelled very strongly of the bathroom cleaner that they used, and we were bit by mosquitoes in the room every night. We looked into changing hotels, but Wind Chimes wouldn't refund us the money for our unused nights, and it would've cost too much to pay in full here as well as at a new hotel, so we just stayed it out. On the plus side, the hotel is very close to the beach, so it made it convenient to go every day. It's a little far from downtown Condado, but it is very walkable and the walk is enjoyable. The staff is friendly (although they sort of messed up our rainforest tour) and accomodating. I don't know that we would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for the calustraphobic We chose this inn from a travel guide due to the wonderful, charming ambience described. I don't know who wrote that but I'm suspicious about whether they stayed here. The room was so small that my husband and I felt like we were in a small cage. The bathroom, if you can call it that was also painfully small. And for the modest, what passes for a door to the bathroom is a door with such large slats that all can be seen and heard throughout the room. The airconditioner sounded like a freight train and though we asked to be away from the bar the noise at night was nonstop. Beyond that, there was an Ick factor about the place. The Do Not Disturb sign was filthy and the envelope left by the maid for a tip had food spills on it. Overall, it you can afford to stay elsewhere, do it. We left after one night and when we checked out found 2 other couples at the front desk complaining that their rooms were so small their husbnd's couldn't shave with comfort in the bathroom.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Adyan
<Content>Just Amazing! My boyfriend and I just returned from a week stay in At Wind Chimes Inn hotel in Condado. This beautiful house and the staff were just amazing! We were attracted to the hotel since we saw their well arranged website and the overall excellent reviews posted here in TripAdvisor. NOTE: Do not expect a resort or a five star luxury hotel - The Wind Chimes' service  treatment are far better than any hotel. From the moment we made reservations thru their website we were convinced this was the place for us to stay.We stayed three nights in their main building and two nights in their annex building, which is a minute or so from the main one  closer to the beach. They are indeed doing some construction (which you don't get to see since most of it is at the back of the hotel); they are sure doing an excellent job here: the rooms are beautiful, clean  well kept, plus most of them have good size balconies from where you can see part of the beach. As for their Boat Bar in the main building, the food is delicious and their specialty drink - the Wind Chimes painkiller is a must to try! Danni the bartender is great! We felt just in heaven! we are definitely going back next year!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cal_travel_er066
<Content>Go Somewhere Else the good:the staff was very friendly and helpful.the not-so-good:the room was very dirty-- the floors were filthy, and the bathroom wasn't cleaned-- there was hair in the tub and sink, not just a little, but quite a bit stuck in the drains. The room was very small and cramped too.Also, it's not the hotel's fault for being small and not having its own back-up generator, but the power went out twice in the span of two days, which is not fun when it's 85 degrees and you're trying to sleep at 3:00 am.We actually left the hotel at 3:00 am and went to the Holiday Inn Express. That was definitely not fun. The Holiday Inn Express was a lot better.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay there again We just spent four nights here and overall would not recommend it. Not terrible, but a bit disappointing. The partial ocean view as promised was literally 3 feet away from a huge construction zone(which was 80% of our view) from our terrace. It was awful to wake up every morning to find construction men literally a few feet away from our balcony. Thus, curtains were closed most of the time. This was in the new building called the Acacia which is touted to be closer to the beach (which is true, 1/2 block away vs. 1 block away) but was a disaster as still under construction with construction next door too. We were told about the construction but they definitely downplayed the chaos and mess and stated we'd be in the room farthest away from the construction. Our toilet didn't flush at first and when we returned after being out all day the front desk stated I don't know if it's been fixed. It was fixed, but still tempermental at times. Next time, definitely would stay in Old San Juan...so much more charming area. Oh, the bus does come around, but every 20-30 mins. which sometimes seemed longer. Lastly, not great cleaning as I know they rarely swept or changed the sheets. My hair and sand remained on the floor of room and bathroom. Have traveled extensively and this inn was mediocre overall. Nice folks at the front desk. Front desk also helpful if you have specific request. Lastly, they charged some extra fee after I had paid up front the entire balance on the first day. Only $8.00 extra per day, but should have disclosed from beginning.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!!!! Well it was my 2nd time staying here at the windchimes and much like the first time it was wonderful. They have re-decorated and made some minor changes but for the most part it was great. I went for my birthday with like 6 other people and I have a wonderful time. The staff as usual is pheonomonal. Maid service everday, Clean pool, Quiet and close to everything...... Can't go wrong. Gabby is wonderful. He has been there for some time now and like always he is the best. Great area, 1 block from the beach, and Private.....LOVE LOVE LOVE THE WINDCHIMES INN!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sweetatlgirl
<Content>Charming Inn, Great Value We just spent three nights At Wind Chimes Inn and would definitely recommend it. The location is great, particularly if you enjoy a quiet more residential area. The Inn is out of the hustle bustle of Condado, but close enough to enjoy what the Condado has to offer and then return to a more relaxed pace back at the Inn. It is only a block from the beach and just a bit further to a nice neighborhood park. It is also close enough to walk to the Pueblo 24 hr. Supermarket and several excellent local restuarants. We found the Inn very comfortable with a nice laid back feel. The rooms were clean, great King bed - all the comforts of home. The only complaint I had was the room only had one chair, a second one would have been nice. The common areas were pleasant and we really enjoy having a drink at night out on the upper deck. It was an easy walk to Bebo's Cafe for dinner and we were completely comfortable walking back to the Inn at night. Bebo's, although lacking in atmosphere (it is a little bright) is a great value. It is definitely a local favorite, generally packed with what are obviously nearby residents - friends and families, young and old. They tend to give English menus to tourists but be sure to ask for one in Spanish as well - the daily specials are only in Spanish and they are a good deal - mostly $5 - $6. We ate there twice and everything was delicious. Cafe de Angeles on Ashford is also good - more atmosphere and an open air eating area but it is mostly tourists. However, it is quiet a walk from the Inn, but it's a great way to burn off all the Medella and Tostones. If walking isn't your speed you can always take the bus. We liked the B21 better than the A5 but be sure to have exact change (the front desk is happy to provide change) and remember you might have to wait quite a while for the bus, but it will show up eventually. The staff was friendly and helpful and I would be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, great location       Looking down to the patio and pool  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bjboat
<Content>Nice Hotel with some problems       Second room view  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Special Place - Great for a Restful Stay I visited At Wind Chimes Inn last month for a week, and had a delightful time. I can highly recommend At Wind Chimes Inn with only a few reservations. As for it's best qualities, the staff at the inn are very warm and helpful. They accommodated my every request, and were always just as nice as could be. Also, the fact that the inn is locked from the street creates a very comfortable atmosphere inside the place. There are various levels for resting, sunning, etc. so the quiet and leisurely atmosphere was just wonderful. Lots of deck chairs, so just pick your spot. Also, I really liked the bar area, where meals are served. I really enjoyed the omlettes and several times found myself having other meals there when plans changed, or I just couldn't decide where else I wanted to go. (Some of the restaurants in Condado get very crowded, and this wasn't even high season!) The bar staff was great and very professional. Nice tropical drinks, too. As it was off-season, the bar area was never crowded or even full--though, I think it would be even more fun with a bigger crowd. Far more chatty and personal than what the big hotels offer.The location of the inn is a plus, unless you want to be right in the thick of the tourist area, or perhaps in Old San Juan (which would be a more Old European-style vacation, in my opinion). It is located in a residential area, but the walk to the tourist area is only a few blocks. And a nice beach is indeed very close by. And the downtown area is not far in another direction. If you enjoy getting a bit away from things like me, this is perfect. The staff gave me a little map of the neighborhood that was very helpful.As for the negative, the only real complaint I had was that the air conditioning in my room was extremely noisy--honestly, it sounded like an outboard motor running. I quickly learned that I could not expect to leave it on and rest. Luckily, the rooms at Wind Chimes are dark and cool due to the building design (this is a plus when you come in from the hot sun), so I found that I could cool down the room with the AC before retiring, and leave it off for the night to sleep--it stayed fairly cool throughout the night. I have read descriptions that some A/C units at this inn are quiet--I would certainly request a quiet A/C before staying here again. My toilet also had a tricky handle, but this was a minor complaint. There are no hair dryers or shampoo, etc--so bring your own extras. (It's a shame that some low-cost extras could not be added because it would really enhance the stay.)Back to the positives--the tour guide, Captain Paul, who is associated with At Wind Chimes is unbelievably nice. I spent the day on one of his better tours--by myself, because some other parties had cancelled. Captain Paul is knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. He agreed to take my party of 1 anyway. I went horseback riding and to be bio-bay with him. I really loved the horseback riding--what a great ranch. The biobay was fascinating, though the kyacking to get to there was more work than I had anticipated. Captain Paul either stayed with me, or carefully explained where he would meet me after an activity. However, all in all it was a really wonderful day. Very memorable. I wished I had been there longer so I could have gone some other places with Captain Paul--next time, I think I'll ask for one of his city tours. I went to on a trip to Ponce, but regretted that I didn't have someone as helpful and nice as Captain Paul--this man was born to be a tour guide!San Juan is a different sort of vacation spot than many other places in the Caribbean, I am sure. It is more urban, with urban sprawl, but it has loads of delights, too, and qualities that make it very special. Old San Juan and the Forts are indeed an international treasure. So read up on how to get the most of your stay here--there are lots of terrific things to do. And the people I met were warm and friendly.I would definitely stay at At Wind Chimes again, and hope to be able to do so soon.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Discovery For our first time to Puerto Rico, we looked to TripAdvisor for a place to stay. We had reserved a different place, but switched to Windchimes, and was excited to have stayed at such a great place. We arrived during a busy period, and had to switch rooms a few times. The staff was helpful, and when returning at the end of the day, our items had been moved to our new room. The beach was a few minutes away, and we had amazing views of the ocean. The pool was small, but beautiful with a waterfall. The downtown restaurant area was a short walk away, as well as a bus stop that took us to Old San Juan. We are returned Peace Corps volunteers and are very flexible. We tend to stay away from chain hotels, and the Windchimes was a beautiful place with helpful staff. Book a flight and get there soon!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaureenM618
<Content>At Wind Chimes Inn, no thanks My boyfriend and I booked 3 nights at the Wind Chimes for my birthday. We were very disappointed by our room. It looked nothing like the pictures on their website. I was very small, no clock or alarm, no bathroom door, shower was horrible (pressure and water temp). The bed was comfortable, and at least it had AC. It was located right above the bar which was not a problem because no one was ever there. It was room #128.... I would never ever stay in that room again, not worth the money at all. I will say that the location was great. A one block walk to a really beautiful beach, another short walk to the bus stop that takes you to Old San Juan  Isla Verde for only 25 cents, and also had a couple good places to eat right around. Next time I go to San Juan which I plan to do quite often ( I'm a flight attendant so I flyfor free  my boyfriend's family lives out there) I'll definately stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ChristineLuv2TRVL
<Content>Thumbs up for the Wind Chimes Inn I spent one night at Wind Chimes' new property, the Acacia, which is just down the street from the Wind Chimes Inn. The room was quaint, a little small, but beautifully and tastefully decorated. The beds were plush, as were the pillows. A very comfy bed. The Wind Chimes bar was superb. It was so nice to sit back and relax, have cocktails and snacks, then hit the pool/spa. The pool is small, but it sure cools you off. The next morning, I stopped by to order breakfast. Instead of having me lug it all back to my room, they offered to bring it by. Food, drinks, and the employees were wonderful, and you really got the feel of staying at a close friend's house.Additionally, I spent two nights at another property owned by Wind Chimes Inn, Casa del Caribe. It was a bit smaller. No bar or pool; although, we were allowed to go to the Wind Chimes Inn and use their facilities. This quaint BB had a nice veranda with a little fish pond, and a couple of cockateels in a big bird cage. It was very relaxing, and the rooms were tasteful and so comfortable. The staff was extremely helpful. For example, when our flight was cancelled, they were able to accomodate us for another night. Casa del Caribe is located close to the Marriot in Condado, so we spent time at the beach bar there. Plus, there was a great Sushi place nearby, as well as an awesome tapas bar, Miro's. The prices were extremely reasonable, leaving us more money to eat, drink, and enjoy our vacation even more. I would highly recommend these two properties.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away (especially with children) I came to this hotel in April 2005 with my wife and daughter hoping to spend several nights there. As we arrived at night, we discovered that the room reserved for us was facing not a street or yard but a terribly noisy bar inside the hotel. The receptionist blissfully explained that the bar was open 鈥渙nly鈥?until midnight and opened again at 7:30 a.m. The door to the room was also right in the bar. Although already tired, my wife and daughter said that they would not sleep in such a noise (and cigarette smoke). The desk clerk claimed that all other rooms were busy. How could this happen? I booked a room two months in advance and they assured me that I would get a quiet room. The staff offered no explanations, not to mention any apologies. Instead of going to bed, we had to call to others hotels and were lucky to find a room that helped us to forget this travesty of hotel service.A.S., New York  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unpleasant Surprise My boyfriend and I went to Puerto Rico in December of 2004 and stayed at The Wind Chimes Inn for six nights. We chose this hotel after reading various positive reviews but were very disappointed during our stay.The night we checked in, the desk clerk requested my credit card. I gave it to her thinking that she wanted to confirm the number. Much to my surprise she charged us for the hotel fee that had been paid well in advance! Although she voided the transaction, I could not use my credit card for the remainder of the trip because it takes three business days (we arrived on a Friday night) for a transaction to be cancelled. Then the clerk told us that we would still have to pay an electricity fee that was not included in the bill! Since we were exhausted we decided not to argue with this woman and wait until the following day. Another staff member took us to our room but he refused to help us with our luggage because he had injured his back after helping guests whose bags were too heavy.Our room did not look like the pictures we had seen online. It was smaller, it didn't have a kichenette, the bathroom had no door and the bath tub was dirty. We also realized that the sheets were stained. Also, the phone in our room and the pay phone in the lobby were out of order three times in less than a week.On our last day at this hotel we found a cock roach under our bed and a rat was wandering around in the bar. We DO NOT recommend this hotel! There are much better places in San Juan.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Chimes My wife and I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Chimes. We read all the reveiews prior to booking , some not good. Our worry's were put to rest as soon as we entered the hotel. We were greeted by a super freindly staff who not only had our reservations and parking spot in order, but we were given a tour of the property so we new where everything was. We did arrive several hours early so we parked the car and proceeded to walk down Ashford Ave. A 10 minute walk gets you to a lot of great restaurants. On our return to hotel still before the 2 pm check in, we were given our room key and parking lot gate opener and was escourted to our room. It was just as the web site pictures showed. Clean and comfortable. We would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a laid back freindly place. If you needed anything they accommodated right away. The pool was small but very clean and inviting. The beach is only steps away, clean and beatiful. The people that gave this hotel bad marks were either expecting the Ritz Carlton or they were in a differnt place. Just a tip , if you like to retire early or sleep real late ask for a room away from the Boat Bar, however they do shut down at 11 pm at which time you can hear pin drop. We would definatly stay here again.Buce and Sue Trinka , Dania Beach Fl.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with Location, Location, Location We just returned from a stay in Puerto Rico April 14, 2005! We stayed at a guest house At Wind Chimes Inn that offers great personalized service. You can pay $300.00 at a larger hotel chain, but for the internet price of $99.00 for a queen size bed, you can't beat this. Realize you are in Puerto Rico and the rooms are nothing fancy, but comfortable. What makes this hotel is it's location and the friendly staff. They also have a bar just for hotel patrons and it's very reasonably priced for drinks in comparison to other places. We recommend four fabulous restaurants, each offereing the best of Puerto Rico. First, Tantra in old San Juan - the Mofongo is to die for and the Black Love Martini - a real winner in the asian fusion type cooking style. Second, Al Dente in Old San Juan - an excellent Italian Restaurant - quaint and intimate like Tantra but of course a different flavor - italian. We had the calamari with tartar sauce - it was outstanding and would have like to eat dinner there but already had plans. Service at this restaurant was impeccable. Lastly, an little Mexican place recommended to us that we absolutely loved. It's called Celito Lindo and it's on Calle Magdelene just past the Marriott J.W. and one street away from the ocean. It's next to the U.S. Post Office. At first glance and even entrance you might be a little unsure, but hold with it - fabulous food for a very reasonable price! We ordered the black bean soup and a combination plate (Number 3) and couldn't have enjoyed ourselves more. Simple, but good mexican food made from scratch. Lastly, for breakfast and just up the street from At Wind Chimes Inn is La Patisserie - they have $3.99 breakfast specials each day, look for the sign at the entrance of the restaurant (lunch specials also). We ordered the standard $4.95 breakfast, but it wasn't so standard - it was delicious served with potatoes (some spice I couldn't quite figure out) and french baguette with french toast, bacon, and eggs. A real bargain and stays with you all day. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for...but not too bad The room was extraordinarily small! we had no blanket on our bed, only a bedspread with blood on it. There is no phone or clock in the room and we would have had a GREAT view if there wasnt a building right in front of us. The pool was smaller than my own pool in my backyard. But, the location was good, just down the block from a beautiful beach and only 5 min from old san juan. Wouldnt stay here again, but it was good for the money...I mean how much time do u spend in your room in PR anyway?  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iramcynyc
<Content>Lovely little find! This is a beautiful little hotel, very safe, clean and tastefully designed and decorated. The only difficulty we had was in finding parking, but other than that the experience was very pleasant. It is a great value for the money, and if, like us, you don't like staying at big chain hotels, then this is perfect for you!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Chimes I spent some time at the Wind Chimes, back in the second week of March. The bar tenders were great, Gabby, Denise, And Alexis where just wonderful. They made you feel as if you were in your own home. Would i book again, Yes i would. Would i tell my friends to stay At The Wind Chimes, yes. Walk down the street and your on the beach, you cant get better then that........Joe From Staten Island NY  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TimothyPT
<Content>Good for the Price A nice small hotel and VERY close to an uncrowded beach area. A 10 min walk to where all the action is but if you prefer to stay in the heart of it all go further into Condado area (although prices can be twice as much there). The bar staff was a bit distant and unfriendly. We were often greeted by a simple Yes. No hello what can I get you, etc. But they prepared a nice breakfast  lunch.Check-in was NOT good. We used a travel agent and the staff insisted on us providing some sort of voucher. It took a few min to convince him we do not have such a thing and he then realized it was not necessary if reservation was made through an agent. A good spot to spend the night before or after a cruise. Gay guests seemed welcome and was a 2 mile cab ride to popular dance club.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place pros:-nice 'botique' feel. quaint hotel-helpful staff; good with directions and called for a taxi when we needed one-good smoothies at the bar-terra cotta decor-if you do stay in the annex building (see below) there is a nice roof deck with a full bathroom next to it, along with a somewhat obstructed view of the oceancons:-do not expect a resort or a large hotel with lots of staff, breakfasts, or even phones in the rooms-you may be relegated to their annex building (make sure of where you are staying) ... the annex building is a half a block closer to the beach, but it doesn't have the amenities of their main building (such as ice machine, bar-though they are building one-, front desk staff, pool)-very small pool in main building-$15.00 electricity fee (i think this may be a standard, but who knows)-small tvs (13in)-not at the 'heart' of condado per se. there is a 10 minute walk to where 'everything is' in condado, such as casinos, restaurants, little shops, etc.(a hotel like the radisson is in the heart of condado)-------places to eat at condado: take a cab to the other end of ashford and go to the 'Waikiki' for some shell steak (eat at the back)other places: Metropol for local food (isla verde); Dragonfly for fusion food (old san juan); this lone seafood place near the El conquistador hotel away from all the rest. it's towards the seven seas beach. get the red snapper!*feel free to contact me about this hotel! :)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>notravel
<Content>Great Trip... Wind Chimes was exactly what we were looking for!!!!       courtyard  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shampoooop
<Content>Charming, Small Hotel Just took a week in Puerto Rico and stayed in At Wind Chimes Inn. Great little 22-room hotel with very friendly, helpful, well-informed staff. Bartender makes amazing Coladas! Great location, one block from beach... so no views, but excellent price. Sun deck and pool are beautiful. Overall, wonderfully charming hotel. I very much recommend it!!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hollywoodChicago
<Content>Positive and Negative We just returned from a three night stay, pre cruise, at the Inn. Positives about the Inn: Very clean, expert housekeeping and friendly staff. Location near the beach and nightlife is good. 25 cent bus ride to Old San Juan is a great value and fun. Bebo's restaurant, don't miss it. A full breakfast for two will cost about $10.00. The Inn arranged a trip to the rain forest with Hector, from Eco tours. He was great. If you do this tour ask for him. Our king corner room was bright and tastefully decorated. However, from previous reviews there seems to be a disparity among the rooms. We didn't use the pool, but it appeared clean. The pictures on the internet correctly depict the Inn.Negatives from our perspective: The Inn sits on a busy street (Mc Cleary). We stayed the weekend and the street noise (motorcycles, loud music from the bar and dogs barking) kept me awake most of the night. True, we could have turned on the air conditioning, but that was also noisy. Because the weather was not too hot I preferred to sleep with the windows open. The food at the bar was overpriced and not too good. I have never seen an omelet made on a George Foreman grill before! Go to Bebo's. This Inn is a good value compared to the overpriced hotels on the island, so if you don't mind the noise I would recommend it. Had it not been for the noise I would have given it an Excellent rating.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great boutique hotel This hotel is nice. We just came back from Puerto Rico and managed to squeeze one night at the WindChimes. The only problem I found is that when you try to make a reservation online or over the phone, they demand you reserve for 3 consecutive nights. However, once I was there they were able to accomodate us. I got a guest room with all the ammenities that I needed. It's not luxurious, but for the reasonable price you get a clean room, fresh towels, clean sheets, and cable... The bartender was great. She gave us suggestions of the hot spots in old San Juan. The staff was very helpful and the security of the place was top notch. You needed a key to come in and out of the gates. I would recommend this hotel, especially for single women. It's 5 minutes away from Isla Verde and 15 minutes away from old San Juan. There are several places to eat within walking distance. The pool was of good size, however, it was a bit chilly to dip in.. It's February.....  Try Bebo's Restaurant, is just a 5 minute walk from the hotel... and enjoy typical Puerto Rican cuisine... Also, try the bar at the hotel...   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst experience in PR The wind chimes was the worst experience I had in PR. The service was unprofessional, demeaning. The facilities are under par. It is a facade. On the outside it looks quaint. The reality is that the rooms are small and dark. The service.... well the lack of service was unacceptable.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great place! We just returned from a seven night stay at the beautiful Wind Chimes Inn. What a great place! Location was perfect just a block away from the open beach of Condado. With only 22 rooms the hotel is very peaceful and personal. The staff must rate amongst the most profesional and attentive at any hotel I've ever stayed at: perfect, helpful, and pleasant: Yuan, Murcia, Lynette, and of course, Gabby -always smiling. Their recommendations on restaurants was accurate and excellent. Their special treatment made us feel right at home. They sure do an excellent work on operating this hotel - on duty 24/7! The room we stayed in was perfect, the bed was perhaps the most comfortable of any hotel bed I've ever slept in. There was a lovely terrace with a small fountain where to enjoy some quiet reading and cocktails. I absolutely loved this hotel, and we agreed that we will never stay anywhere else in Puerto Rico again.During our stay, we encountered so many other guests who were enjoying their stay as well. Some were staying at another building down the street called the annex (or was it the akacia?), well, in all they loved this annex. I heard some of these rooms have balconies with a nice view. We would ask for these rooms next time. After a long day's sightseeing or shopping the courtyard boat bar is a joy to come back to for a cool, relaxing drink away from the madding crowds! Ask Dany or Rafy for a painkiller or a frozen margarita. Their service was excellent!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juju32
<Content>Wonderful! If I ever return to Puerto Rico, I would definitely stay at the Wind Chimes Inn again. A block from the beach, with beautiful well kept grounds and neat clean rooms. What made the stay so wonderful here, was the service! The front desk attendants were pleasant and always suggested great places to go at night  helped us get cabs to take us to our destinations. And the bar service where they can make food and drinks, Wow! The bartenders were both very nice and made us great drinks (watch out for the 151 Rum!!!) they poured our drinks in to go cups when we wanted to return to the room, and the food they made was phenomenal! We ate omelettes every morning prepared fresh in front of us and tasted great. We also had snacks when returning from the beach, which were fresh and tasty as well. Our room was always clean with extra towels, and we never had to ask for more. Overall, a wonderful inn, compared to other places of this size I have stayed at elsewhere, this one is a definite must.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not come back We stayed here over Christmas break and will not be coming back. Our room was very uncomfortable, the towels were mouldy and when we requested fresh ones, we got others that were marginally better. Slimy stuff on the window-sill. Staff was helpful when we could track them down, but tracking them down was the hard part. Overall, very poor use of money. Not going back.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horribly Unprofessional This was our second trip to Puerto Rico and we learnt the day of arrival that the staff at Wind Chimes Inn had lost our reservation and could not accommodate us, even though I had called in 3 weeks before arrival and they had confirmed our reservation. When I made my reservation (months ahead) I asked them to send me an e-mail with the reservation details. They did not. When I called 3 weeks before arrival, I asked them to send me an e-mail with the reservation details. They did not.Net result, we arrived in San Juan without a place to stay. Found the staff to be horribly rude and unprofessional when we talked to them over the phone. I dont like to put up with such prima donna like behavior on my vacation, and especially when I'm paying for it!!! THANK GOODNESS for the Andalucia, a couple of blocks down the street from the totally unprofessional Wind Chimes Inn. Small, clean place with tasteful decor. Reasonable prices. Above all, professional and friendly proprietors who strive to please. Hope to go back again soon.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pekkleloca
<Content>great place to stay! We stayed there on August 2004. It was a really great place to stay. The people were very friendly, we especially loved the bar! Great drinks and food! The room was always clean and the people were always ready to help. Just a few blocks away from the beach. If we were to go back to San Juan we would defenetely stay there again. We highly recommend it....  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>papoulos1
<Content>coming home I stay @the wind chimes inn it was like coming home. they treat it me like familyand was helpful on all resturant and night lifewill stay again and againI love the hospitality of a small hotel and is very safe area  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicest Guest House in Ocean Park The only thing negative I can say about this place is that it's not on the beach. Big deal! The rooms are big and clean, nicely furnished and well maintained. The staff was wonderful and very helpful in planning side trips. Yes its on well-traveled McLeary, but who cares; it was clean and safe. Some reviewers questioned the safety of the neighborhood; nonsense, its safe (unless you like to play in traffic). If you like small hotels, this is your best buy in Ocean Park.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! I stayed at this inn over the Christmas holiday and loved the place. The staff were helpful and professional. They gave us towels for the beach and told us how to get around the city (can't beat the 25 cent bus ride to Old San Juan - the bus stop was a 3 minute walk away). The hotel bar's food was simple, but did the job after coming in from a day in the sun. The bar served great drinks at reasonable prices. I felt at home at the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up My husband and I were at the Wind Chimes from Nov. 14 - 27, 2004. I booked on-line and there was no choice in rooms. Upon arrival I asked for an upgrade and we were accomodated the next day. We stayed at the additional house which looked to be still in progress 1/2 block down the road  closer to the beach. Rooms were somewhat small but very clean and nicely furnished. The bathromm was also in good condition. Both rooms were kept in imacioulous conditions by the cleaning staff during our stay. The gated doors of that house were kept closed (guests had a key) and we felt safe and comfy there. We checked out the breakfast bar twice. The first time was great. A German lady most efficient and very friendly served us a sumptious breakfast. On our last morning, our second breakfast, it was a little less uplifting  mix-up in the order, missing food item, food came at different times for my husband and myselve etc. We were served by 2 people of which one said he didn't do the breakfast bar for a while and the second one spoke Spanish only and was just given instructions. So Ok Breakast bar was soso. Parking is a problem. Not many spaces and you have to make reservation otherwise you find yourselve circleling the blocks. The pool was a dissapointment. It looked nice in the pictures but turned out to be just a little more than a bath tup. The staff at the reception/concierge desk was fantastic. Always extremely helpfull and really friendly and sincere. Thumbs way up for these ladies. THANK YOU!!! To the neighorhood. At first it looked a little run down which it was. But for the people in the stores and restaurants they were warm and friendly to us tourists and made us feel ok and safe. No problem there. Buses are readily accessable and a bargain for 25 cents just one block off the hotel. No need for taxis. The beach looked nice and clean and hardly anybody enjoying it at the time we were there. For somebody who doesn't like the hype of the big hotel chains this hotel is perfect. It's clean, quite, private and everything is easily accessable. Also, Puerto Ricans are special people. Respect and kindness is in full swing. That's what we have experienced at our stay at this lovely island. My husbad and I are 48 and 54 years young of mixed race and culture and like to do things our way especially on our vacation. We hate to be put on a schedule or box, or told when to do and what to wear or being insulted or disrespected by other guests or anybody or anything for that matter. PEACE  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smdnyc
<Content>Very nice hotel We recently spent 3 nites at the Wind Chimes. Staff very helpful, rooms nice (but small) and a little bit of a walk to restaurants in the Condado area. The area the hotel is in (at the edge of the Condado) seemed a little desolate at night. The way the hotel is set up makes it very conducive to interacting with other guests at the bar  pool. Make sure you ask to be in the main building, there is an annex building as well. Overall it was a positive experience and a good value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gastup
<Content>A ringing success My wife and I stayed at Wind Chimes for three nights prior to a cruise departure and found the accommodations to be very nice. Our room was clean and comfortable. It's a uniquely attractive inn and while the pool was far from large it made for a great cool evening dip. The staff was very helpful. It arranged a rain forest tour for us and offered a great tip for breakfast at Kasalta, a local restaurant a few blocks from the inn. As advertised, the inn is just a short block from the beach. Generally, this place earns high marks. Figure 30-40 minute bus ride to Old San Juan. But who's complaining at a 25-cent fare.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>uncomfortable Dear friends,I stayed on August 2004 at the Wind Chimes Inn for 4 days and I did not like it at all.First, the indications given to get from the airport were so poor that it took us a long time to reach it.Then, nobody opened us the door for about 15 minutes. The girl at the front desk was not there for unknown reasons. We were given a tiny room with an even smaller bathroom where only one at the time may enter.However, the room was always neat and clean.We had views to a patio.The parking area was not easy since you had to approach your car to a wall in order to let the other 5 cars enter their way to their place.Not to mention the horrible and dirty swimming pool available.Besides, when we wanted to change the hotel for our second stay at San Juan, we were charged one full night!!!!! It was unfare!!!!!!I do not recommend you this hotel!!!!! There are million better in Condado Area!!I 麓d rather recommend our second hotel The San Juan Comfort Inn--nice rooms, nice pool, breakfast included in regular price, perfect location.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cocofri32
<Content>not bad.. This place is okay--nice location, quiet street, with delicious local places to eat. The food at the place is overcharged, the bar staff are great. The rooms are clean. Don't like the fact that they take the full cost up front. Front desk attendants are hit or miss. Indoor parking is a good thing. Pool is small and full of bugs. If you just need a clean affordable place to crash and are planning day trips this is a good spot.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunnytrees
<Content>We really enjoyed it!         
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>clm2006
<Content>Nice but not FABULOUS There is a lot going right at Wind Chimes. My family and I were there for 13 days. It's a lovely place, lots of charm and intimacy, beautiful physical plant and the people running the place (Gaby especially, who was so accommodating to our needs and helpful with advice about where to eat and how to get here or there.) are fantastic. The location can't be beat. A four minute walk from the beach and at the perfect spot to pick up the central highways on the island. There are great restaurants within walking distance (Bebo's, Kasalta) and if you don't have a car, public transportation can be picked up close by as well. I felt safe there...but I wasn't in the annex, which sounded a little fishy to me when it was mentioned when I first called. It's not completed and I think they're using it eariler than they should. Here's what could be better at Wind Chimes: pool hours are too short (9-6); the pool is TINY! Literally four people max can move in that space. And as for the jacuzzi, uh...it's more like pool pumps that you can press your back against. ANd the last two days we were there, the pool was developing a disturbing cloudiness that no one seemed to see fit to apologize for or explain. There is no complimentary breakfast...even continental could do the trick, especially when the place bills itself as welcoming for kids. A family can't plunk down 8 bucks a day for a bowl of cereal and a glass of juice, which is what you'd spend at the Tikki Bar at Wind Chimes. The room attendants make the beds and refresh towels, but don't reliably sweep the gritty sand that inevitably comes in on your sandals, nor do they re-supply the shampoo unless you ask. There's no iron in the room, which one might need if one were doing business on the island and needed pressed clothing. They supply beach towels, but could think about renting out beach umbrellas, especially since they bill themselves as having access to the beach. One cannot just sit there and roast all day without serious damage taking place. The parking facilities are horrible. There are about five spaces and you have to park about an inch from a wall in order to fit, so if you're not ready or able to climb out of the opposite door, you're stuck. I'm getting a little too crickety to have to climb out of a car. So, the bottom line is, it's a cozy, reliable, safe, convenient, and pleasant place to stay in PR. I'd stay there again if I needed to. I'd recommend it to people. BUT, I will look around for another place in the Condado area for the next time I head to Borinquen--just to see if there's something better.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go here if you can afford not to.. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! We were very disappointed after so many glowing reports and recommendations. The first big problem was the parking. We paid extra for a reserved parking spot and the parking lot turned out to be a tiny area that looked like an alley. We spent the week maneuvering in and out with the other cars hoping not to hit a wall or other car. You are forced to back out of the alley onto a busy street.We had reserved what was supposed to be a renovated room (Like those on the website). The first room they showed us had broken tile on the floor, paint peeling in the bath, a tiny TV, and a window which would not close (not good for the bugs). The second room they gave us was even smaller (Think walk through the door and hit the foot of the bed) but in a bit better shape.Though we downgraded, we weren't offered a lower price or any apology. The showers were nothing more than a corner of the bathroom with a shower head covered by a curtain. It wasn't particularly clean or quiet. It was a bother to have to open a lock to get OUT of the place! The pool closed at 6 p.m. (when you'd like to get IN). Don't go by the website--we were surprised at the exaggerations. Not a wind chime in the place! But for the price we paid, about half of what we'd have paid at a large hotel, it was OK. Didn't feel particularly safe but not in danger, either. The staff was friendly. I saw that you should make VERY CLEAR what kind of room you want and be ready to accept the bare bones. The beach was gorgeous but the walk there is through a seedy neighborhood. If you have the money, go elsewhere . If we go back to PR, we will go elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but is it safe? My wife and I enjoyed the ambiance,friendly bar staff, close proximity to a beautiful beach, and general cleanliness of this boutique hotel, but were surprised and saddened to have a bag full of souveniers stolen from our room. The rooms and front gate all have the same key in the newly renovated annex (as does the main hotel ) but the annex has no security at the gate. Our room also had no phone in it, and the light in the hall was out and was never fixed during the 5 days we stayed despite telling them numerous times.The manager and staff were considerate and showed concern regarding the theft but ultimately did nothing ( not even a complementary drink!) about it. The bar/restaurant is very good for a kitchen that consists of a George Foreman grill and refrigerator, and the concierges were helpful with reservations etc.Your stay in San Juan should be a safe one,so be on your guard and don't leave valuable in your room.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally loved my stay at windchimes! I stayed at Wind chimes with my family from July11-15Th, it was great! The staff was friendly, courteous, the Bartender Danny, makes great drinks, and I met some truly nice people there. The surrounding area is safe, there's a great bakery/luncheonette a few blocks down called KASALTA that makes great breakfast and lunch.I'm very particular about where I rest my head and I felt totally confident at winchimes, the rooms were clean, quiet, and number one on my list, there were no bugs in the room, not even one mosquito, I plan to return in February! I give it a 10 on a scale of 1-10.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it! We stayed in the Wind Chimes Inn this past April. All of the hotels and condos were booked so we couldn't find anything and this was the only place that had any vacancy. Lucky for us, or else we would have never known about this place. The hotel is small, quaint and cozy. So if you like those big crowded resorts, this is not the hotel for you! The atmosphere is permeated with a rich incense smell that gives it an even more homey feel. In fact, it feels just like a big house, with its personal touches of art and those quirky turtle shaped lights on the steps. We got the junior suite that had its own terrace and made us feel like we had our own wing. It was not fancy by any means, with its wicker furniture and basic amenities, but it was clean and comfortable. The decor was bright and tropical, and the art reflected the local flavor. The staff was very helpful, especially when I needed new linens at 3 am, thanks to my son, they really took good care of me. My old linens were taken by housekeeping early the next morning, from where I had laid them to dry on the terrace. We had a nice visit with some friends on that terrace and it felt like we were at home. The pool, albeit small, felt like our very own pool. It wasn't crowded with rowdy children; in fact we were the rowdy ones in comparison to the quiet sunbathers and novel-reading sun lovers. The courtyard is adorable and really added to the bed-and-breakfast feel of the small quaint inn. The only downside is the lack of parking and the difficulty in getting in when you first arrive but that is for our own safety, so I could deal with that. Plus it's close to town where we could walk and get anything we needed. We did our laundry and picked up some odds and ends. It was close to Bebo's, where you could have a nice, affordable sit down meal. It was close to anything you needed, really. I preferred walking as parking was at such a premium, once I found a spot, I didn't want to move my car. However, the area was very secure and the car was safe.We loved it here so much that we are going back on our return visit in October. No matter what, we said, we had to get in at least one night at The Wind Chimes. I'm recommending it to everyone who wants a recommendation on a nice hotel, that feels like home without the frills and expense and crowd of a big resort.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very overated I booked into this hotel because of the good ratings on trip advisor but it was just a disappointment. I travel constantly and stayed in hotels 214 days of 365 last year so I have seen few hotel. Firstly, to try and get into the hotel is like trying to get into a house with no one home. There is a bell at the front and you ring it and then a voice asks you who you are and if you sound ok they let you in. Secondly, it is a very pokey hotel and the staff seem very wary of you having a look around. I asked if I could have a look around and the resopnse was why do you want to look around the hotel?. Thirdly, I went for the junior suite at $135 a night(the most expensive room) and the room was small, a double bed, no telephone or internet connection, a 14 inch TV, the bar fridge is empty, room service was not available. After I saw what the hotel was like(it was 4pm at this time) I asked if I could see another room for which the response was the hotel is fully booked and this is the only room so I asked to cancel my reservation and go to another hotel and they charged me the first night which with taxes was US$150 - I should expect this but it was still annoying. I went to the Courtyard Marriot in Isla Verde and it was very good in comparison and only cost US$176+taxes.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scohn
<Content>Great Small Hotel On Condado We just got back from staying at the At Wind Chimes Inn from June 15-23. This small hotel is an oasis in San Juan, with a staff that is among the most friendly and welcoming I have ever met. We came from Chicago with our 2 children (10 and 16) and the staff gave us a great rate on two rooms (one queen bed one with two double beds) for staying the whole 9 days there.The rooms are small but clean and comfortable. They certainly weren't fancy, but quite reasonable and the beds very comfortable. The original art in the rooms is also a very nice touch. The location was excellent. It was convenient to the beach (1/2 block from a great section of Condado beach which was never very crowded with great soft sand and warm and inviting water) as well as only a short walk to a 24 hour grocery store (we kept a small fridge in our room for fruit, water, and snacks - at a small additional fee). It also had excellent access to the highways and busses. We rented a car for a week of the trip, and although they were out of reserved parking spaces we usually could find a spot to park on one of the two blocks next to the hotel, and never felt any security problem parking there. The small pool was very calm and relaxing, and despite its small size was great for us as we were the only people using it on every occasion but one. They also have several small decks for lounging and some nice plants and a charming deck with a number of wind chimes. They also have a nice bar which also serves breakfast and lunch/dinner plates.But more than the nice rooms and charming and relaxing atmosphere, it is the staff at the Wind Chimes that truly deserves credit. The people at Wind Chimes are friendly and helpful at every moment. They are extremely conscientious and would always provide guidance with places to go, directions to get there, and help you organize your travels. From restaurants to tours, towels to postcards, there was never an unmet need or an unhelpful staff person.From the moment we entered the hotel we felt at ease and at home. They really show you the true meaning of Puerto Rican hospitality.Clearly this is the not the spot to go if you looking for one of the fancy hotels with luxury spotless rooms and a casino in the lobby. However if you are looking to stay at a really convenient place with a wonderful and welcoming staff, a relaxing and refreshing atmosphere, at a very reasonable value, then this is a great place.I know it made our stay in Puerto Rico that much more memorable and enjoyable, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed very much! Stayed at the Inn from June 10th to the 13th and would go back! Our room was small but had everything we needed. It was clean and very pretty. We loved the tiles on the floor and the colorful decoration, the smell of candles and the music when you walked into the lobby. We spent most of the day out around the island, so when we came back at night, everything the Inn had was more than plenty. The pool is small but good enough for cooling off after a hot afternoon. One very important thing, if you plan to rent a car, pay the extra $5 for parking becuase it is hard to find parking around. They have only 4 small spaces for parking so make sure you make arrangements. We did this and were glad we had a place to park every night.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it!!!! My fiance' and I stayed here in April 2004 for 4 nights...we absolutely LOVED this cute little inn by the beach. The entire staff was incredibly friendly and went out of their way to make out stay great! Gabby, at the front desk, arranged for us last minute reservations for dinner at a popular local restaurant on a Friday night...Ute made us delicious omelettes each morning for breakfast and Ricky kept our glasses full each night at the bar! We will definitely be returning in January 2005 for our wedding...and are inviting all our guests to stay with us AT THE WIND CHIMES INN!!   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>happy customers My husband and I couldn't have been happier about our stay at Wind Chimes. We booked our 3 night, 4 day trip to SJ, PR spontaneously knowing we didn't want to stay in a big, cheesy resort. We pulled up to the inn and knew our research lead us in the right direction. Wind Chimes is staffed by kind people, is perfectly clean, cozy, and ideal for a quick, semi-no-frills getaway. It rained a bit everyday during our stay but that didn't stop us from going to Condado beach, sitting at the pool, exploring Old San Juan, and wandering in the SJ Art Museum. We had all our breakfasts at the inn - delicious. Our most memorable meal was at Pamela's (EXCEPTIONAL). We ate on the beach, feet in the sand style, and couldn't have asked for better food or service. All in all, we had a wonderful get away and Wind Chimes was a great place to rest our heads after days at the beach and exploring.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated it My boyfriend and I booked our room on line. We checked in. First of all, there was someone elses luggage in the room.( the person changed room)It was not real clean, it smelled like urine, The bathroom was dirty, and we found roaches in the room. Needles to say we checked out that same afternoon. Lucky for us there were rooms available at the Ambassador, it saved our vacation  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional!!!! I stayed at the Windchimes from April 22, 2004 thru April 27, 2004 to participate in a wedding. This hotel has provided excellent memories for myself and others, I met people from all walkes of life here, and all of them were very kind, some had been comming back to the Windchimes for years and I can see why! It's cozy, warm and very personal, I felt like this hotel was built with comfort in mind , and the food is good to, one of the best things, I met 2 couples that were also attending the wedding Toni. Dan, Matt, and Jennifer, we all became great friends and look forward to getting together. One this is for sure we all would come back to the Windchimes. WARNING!!!! Stay away from the Marriott in Condodo they dont like people from the states and they dont like our $$$$$$ trust me on this one! In other words if you see the Marriott RUN! Back to the Windchimes and dont pass it.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful, beautiful, peaceful A beautiful time at this inn again. yes i said again. would stay no where else in san juan area. the rooms are comfortable, clean. the staff is beyond belief. very helpful, personable. this is where you go to feel at home on a tropical island. a great tour program. thank you paul. i went kayaking at the age of 50, and no i am not a fitness , workout kind of person. but i did it. you cannot believe the comfort i feel here when i come back. try it you will be very pleasantly surprized at the gem you have discovered. one block from a beautiful beach and stores close by. Yes try Bebo's for wonderful puerto rican fare at very reasonable prices. can't wait to go back! keep number 5 open for me. to Ute, who i can say made my trip all the more enjoyable, keep doing what you do so well!  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julieww
<Content>Wonderfully Unique! My husband and I loved this place. It is really nice. The staff was very helpful in answering any questions that we had about the area or meeting our needs with beach towels and letting us keep our luggage there after we checked out and before we needed to be at the airport. They set up a tour guide for us with a wonderful young man, named Hector who did a great job showing us around and was very informative of his native island. He took us to the rainforest which I would recommend to everyone as the sites are beautiful along the way. WindChimes is only a block from the beautiful Condado Beach and the short walk there is through a very nice resisdential neighborhood. It is also in short walking distance to local restaurants (try Bebos for very good Puerto Rician food) and local stores. Back at Wind Chimes you will find a small bar that has great food and drinks. A little expensive but good. The atmosphere is very freindly yet peaceful with security at each door so you feel safe here. It has lots of little terraces and nooks with a real Spanish flavor. The pool is small and has a nice little waterfall in the side center of it. It is quiet and usually no one swimming which made it very nice for my husband and I. I also need to mention that the smell of incense burning in the lobby each day was a nice touch. This place is very clean and comfortable. We will be going back!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for a great time I haven't been to Puerto Rico in over 20 years. Most of my family has died or moved out of the island.I didn't want to spend a lot in visiting. But I didn't want to spend it in a shanty place. I found Windchimes on the net. It doesn't offer the luxury of an expensive hotel. But it offers something more special. It offers the privacy and the feeling of being in your own home. The staff is very willing to satisfy your every need and whims. And the location of the inn is in the very heart of Puerto Rico. Near every thing that is important. I stayed for two weeks and wished I could stay for more. I highly recommend this inn to anyone who wants privacy and personnel care. Will be back next year!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Our Last Puerto Rico Night We stayed one night for our last night in Puerto Rico. Our room was darling, comfortable, clean, quiet and spacious. The staff was helpful and friendly. The Inn is conveniently located near the beach, and airport. I completely agree with the other rave reviews. We are trying to get a room for our last night again this year, but the secret is out and they may be booked.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Ambience We took a cruise with our two college age daughters and stayed three nights precruise at Wind Chimes. We had a great time, the hotel is very quaint, the staff was helpful, the boat bar was fun and we always felt very safe. We also hired a tour quide that we'd highly recommend and he was very reasonably priced. Jerry was just a very fine personable, fun young man. He picked us up in the morning and we spent the whole day exploring El Yungue, the caves and the highlight was the bioluminescent kayak tour. He'll give you a list of options for the day and you choose what sounds interesting for you. You can email him at -------------.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute Inn, Good Price, Quiet Area Windchimes Inn is a good deal for the price. The Staff is fantastic - friendly, accomodating, and helpful! The boat bar is a nice perk - we had breakfast there every day - very convenient.The room was fine - it was slightly small, and the bathroom shower could've used retiling and a really good scrubbing, but it wasn't that bad. Overall the Inn is very cute, with several nice deck areas and a small pool. It's about a 10 minute walk into Condado - there's a few restaurants, hotel casinos, and bars there. We were there on Thursday and Sunday nights, and there was NO ONE in the bars. In general, we were disappointed with the San Juan nightlife, in Condado AND in Old San Juan. Apparently there are a couple good Techno clubs, but as we don't like Techno we avoided these. Our best evening was at the Parrot Club in Old San Juan - fantastic restaurant with great atmosphere.Windchimes is a short walk to the beach, which is nice. Isla Verde, which is a $10 cab ride has lots of lounge chairs and beach bars/restaurants - a little more going on than the area directly in front of the hotel.We ended up taking taxis a lot, which added up, as we searched for a more lively neighborhood.Basically if you're looking to relax in a reasonably priced, cute place to stay with a fantastic staff, windchimes is your place!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wakerdh
<Content>OK for the price At Windchimes is a comfortable place to stay and a pretty good deal for the price. Our room was rather old and could have used a remodel, but there is so much to do in PR that we didn't spend much time there at all. The neighborhood was nice and it was easy to walk to Condado or to Kasalta Bakery, an absolute must when in San Juan. We had friends who stayed at Coral Princess, it was about $25 more a night, but it appeared to be worth the difference in price. Thay received breakfast every morning and a fridge with refreshments as well. When, not if, I go back to PR, I will stay at thr Coral Princess.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Our Speed My wife and I stayed at Wind Chimes for 4 days during the last week of February and found it just perfect for our needs: eating, drinking and lying on the beach. Not the most ambitious agenda but sometimes that's what vacations are all about.If you're looking for a hotel that is a perfect base for this type of vacation, Wind Chimes is the place to be. Its the kind of hotel where nothing is spectacular but everything is just right, especially the staff - they helped us with excellent restaurant recommendations and taxi service every day. BTW, we were hooked on the tapas bar at the Hotel Convento in Old San Juan. If you go, say hi to Rafi the bartender and get him to set you up with a few of his signature mojitos - you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adams
<Content>Great location in a safe residential neighborhood. The inn is like a garden apartment in a residential neighboorhood. Lots of places to relax. Easy access if you want to sight see. A car is nice but public busses are just fine. Driving is okay everywhere but Old San Juan and during rush hour. Bring your own shampoo and hairdryer and request the larger rooms ( King suites) for a little more money you have a fridge and microwave and two rooms. Very helpful staff and great small personal tours with Paul . We stayed at another place for twice the price and didn't enjoy it as much as windchimes. We'd go back and spend longer there.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended My wife and I stayed here with friends coming off a week in Mayaguez and then she and I were going on a cruise out of San Juan. We loved this Inn. The staff were so friendly and went the extra mile to work out our requests. We had an unusual parking situation which they bent over backwards to accomodate. We also had laundry we needed cleaned before our cruise and for $20 had everything done by that same afternoon. The Boat Bar was a great place to hang out during the day or evening. It sits in a kind of courtyard area where the seats at the bar are protected but just behind you is open to the sky. We loved sitting there during lunch as it rained for a brief period...very cozy. The food at the bar was good and the drinks excellent. We didn't use the pool as we were not in the mood, but the beach is only a block away and very nice. Our room was large with a king size bed and a nice size bathroom with a large walk-in shower. I noticed a few comments about the hot water, but we had no problem at all taking hot showers. There are a number of nice eating places nearby, from local cuisine to American fare. Shopping is available too within walking distance. We intend to stay here again. It is the perfect place to fly into a few days early before a cruise as it sits between the airport and on the way to the cruise ships. If you have any questions email me at bob007@mac.com.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Oasis of Beauty Going to San Juan for an escape from a New York winter, I stumbled upon Wind Chimes. What a marvelous find! First of all, let me say that if you want the Hilton or meaningless glitz, go somewhere else. I happen to love small inns and this one was just marvelous. Yes, the rooms are small, but the whole place is small! Big deal. It is very clean, brightly decorated with original artwork, and the staff is exceptional. It is right on the street, so you do hear traffic, but I live in New York, so that was normal! The Boat Bar, their little bar/restaurant is wonderful - if the weather is bad, or you don't want to go out, you can just eat in. There are all sorts of lovely touches, including that if you want to leave your luggage there after check-out and zip down to the beach, you can do that and then come back for a quick shower before leaving for the airport. The inn is between two strips of fancy hotels, so the beach is less crowded. Bus to Old San Juan is two blocks away, and it's 25c. Is this a five-star hotel? No - but they deserve a 5-star review. I will certainly be going back!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value We spent 3 nights here in January. The rooms are small, but nicely done. At first, we felt they were a bit overpriced, but when compared to what else is available in San Juan...or in Puerto Rico for that matter....we felt we received fair value. The food and drinks were also expensive, but not excessive for hotel convenience. The pool was unheated and really too cold for us to use. Still, when seeing prices elsewhere, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for the money I spent 5 nights at the Wind Chimes. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. They were very interested in making my stay enjoyable. The room was always clean and opened to a pleasant courtyard. The pool would be a disappointment if you planned to spend much time there. However, with the beach just across the street, I'm not sure why you would want to spend time at the pool. If your flight comes in early or leaves late they will keep your luggage safe so you can enjoy your time. The inn was located on the edge of the tourist strip and a residential area. Lots of restauants and 3 casinos within walking distance. From the appearance of other less expensive hotels in the area, At Wind Chimes Inn should be an excellent pick.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Staff, Reasonable Environment The staff were friendly and helpful in arranging a rental car and chatting in general.The room was a little stuffy (we went in January) and the bathroom was small. You sat facing a wall and your legs almost touched the wall. The water sometimes took awhile to get hot - and one time didn't.We didn't have but one mosquito - I had read about that and was worried but no big deal.They do have screens.It is a little sleepy - there is a bar, but not much going on- which I prefer.It is about 8-12 blocks from most happening place.Pure and Natural was the only place to buy green food - healthy - and it was a fair walk. No big deal since it was nice anyways.The pool didn't seem to be used at all. It is very small too and they only had 4 chairs near it. The beach was one block from the hotel.Overall for the price if you want a nice place and don't mind walking a little to eat, I would recommend.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Island of Enchantment We spent part of our honeymoon in Puerto Rico, staying At the Wind Chimes in Condado Beach. What a great place! The people at the hotel (and the entire island) were wonderful, eager to please and the accomodations were faboulous! The entire of island of Puerto Rico is worth at least a 5-7 day visit to take it all in!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>heaven i find this inn top of the line. if you want the marriot stay there, but instead i found a staff excellent including alex so far . as the red ants from the lush foliage. spray the window in the bathoom which contacts out side. they provide and no problemo. the rooms are not spacious unless high line. but these rooms are comfotable. this feels like a home away from home that is why i have been there 4 times and will be back in april/ ask for room 5 ,but be prepared i will be in it in april.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely spot I read the wide range of reviews on this site of At Wind Chimes, and took note of the caution to ask for a renovated room. I did so, and had a perfectly wonderful stay. I was there for four nights in a beautiful double queen room on a second floor corner overlooking the pool (which is in fact very tiny). My room had high ceilings with overhead fans, beautiful tile floors, and was reasonably quiet (for being on a somewhat busy street). The bathroom was nice and I found the staff to be wonderful--very attentive and helpful. I'd recommend this place to anyone, especially for the price.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blondesteven
<Content>Wonderful Oasis in Puerto Rico! We loved this hotel! My partner and I stayed at the Wind Chimes Inn for seven nights at Christmas time and really loved the hotel, for many reasons. The hotel staff was warm and friendly, room small but most comfortable, food and drink at the hotel bar  restaurant excellent, location terrific in hip and walkable Condado. There are many great features to the hotel, including a great pool, location, hours and laundry service (for $10 you leave your clothes in a heap and return to find them clean and folded neatly). We would highly recommend the hotel. Excellent value!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointing Excellent location and magnificent arquitecture.It was the perfect spot for a romantic vacation. However I have to point out a very dissapointing interaction with one of the employees, Alexandra. Unfortunately I have to say this changed the perception of my stay at this otherwise great hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will love this place if you know how to enjoy! Stayed here in late October-had to write after reading others' bad reviews. This place is a block from a gorgeous beach-in walking distance of great restaurants and is full of charm and friendly people. The boat bar is a great hang out and the pool is refreshing. If you don't have a ball here-uh, please don't blame it on the inn!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sometimes you get what you Pay for I just returned from a week's vacation at this guesthouse. When you could find the staff (usually at the bar drinking and smoking) they were helpful, except only the front desk people speak English. I couldn't get the laundry person to understand I wanted a towel to go to the beach. It's a quiet neighborhood area with a few restaurants and the A5 bus to take you into Old San Juan is only a block away. Please be warned, if the sun doesn't shine you will NOT get a hot shower--it's all solar powered. The covered porch is nice, but bring your bug spray--either the mosquito or red ants will have you itching without. They serve food at the bar, but you can't order off the menu--just ask them what they actually have. The tour guide Paul was very friendly and accomodating for including specifics in the tours. He takes you to the place, then someone else does the touring. All in all, I'd say if the weather is nice and you need to save money you could consider Windchimes, but supplement the 3 night minimum with a nicer hotel for the rest of your stay.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ariel777
<Content>Perfect trip for two kids on a budget! My boyfriend and I stayed in PR for a long Columbus Day weekend vacation. For starters, we would recommend going during the low season- we only paid $75/nigt at our hotel, and $250/each for our round trip flights out of Newark, NJ. The weather was just about perfect (except for 1 day when it rained, and I mean RAINED), and there were just about no tourists swarming through the streets. If we had gone next month (during high season), we would have paid twice as much and been surrounded by tourists. We stayed at Wind Chimes Inn in Condado. EXCELENT hotel, a very quaint boutique hotel. It had some great touches, for example, the lobby always had incense burning, each room (there are only 17 total, I think) was decorated differently, and there's a boat-shaped bar downstairs. Oh, there's also a small lagoon-style pool with a waterfall (!!). The location was perfect, 1 block from the beach, about 2 blocks from the A5 bus stop which drops you right in Old San Juan for a QUARTER, and maybe 5 blocks down to the left of the hotel is the heart of Condado, with tons of casinos and restaurants. It is a residential area, so it feels a bit secluded, but I would rather stay in a quiet neighborhood than in the heart of the city. While you're in PR, make sure you spend at least a full day walking around Old San Juan. Grab a Que Pasa (it's a tourism magazine- they're everywhere) and just rip out the map- it takes a lot of guesswork out of planning a walking tour. While you're in Old San Juan, checl out the African art museum for an amazing mask exhibit, and stop into Nono's for a drink. The Bacardi tour (you have to take a ferry to Catano) is more or less a 2 hour long commercial for Bacardi, but it is interesting, and you get two free Bacardi drinks out of it. One more thing about Condado- try to have dinner at Uvva at Hosteria Del Mar (it's in Ocean Park). The food is the best I've ever had, and they have great vegetarian selections. Another great veg place is Cafe Berlin, in Old San Juan. One thing I can say- we got the BEST tour guide we could ever hope for. His name is Jerry Lowery, and like our hotel, we found him in a user review on TripAdvisor. I researched a lot of different guides, and he was by far the most approachable and flexible, never mind that his rates are a lot less than the bigger tour guides. He is just the friendliest, most capable guide on the whole island. He showed us the island in his open-top Jeep, going kayaking with us in Fajardo's bioluminescent bay (you MUST, MUST do this- it's the most amazing experience in the world) one night, and taking us to El Yunque to swim in La Mina falls the following day. Jerry and I emailed for a few weeks before our plane even landed, so it was more like meeting up with an old friend than a tour guide. Oh, he also knows which roadside restaurants/stands to stop at for a bite (Jerry, if you're reading this, PLEASE send me a pastellillo!!). The time we spent with Jerry were definitely the best parts of our trip. If you're planning a trip, email him at CoquiPIE@aol.com for more info. Anyway, Puerto Rico was a blast. It was the best vacation we'd ever had, and it stayed within our paupers' budget. The people are super friendly, the weather is gorgeous, and the food is insanely good. We're already planning our next trip back, this time for 10 days, not 5.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed here for 4 days in mid October. It is a nice, quiet place with a friendly and helpful staff. The only drawbacks I noticed were that the water pressure wasn't the greatest and there was no shampoo in the bathroom. No big deal... I just walked down to the dollar store a few blocks away and bought a bottle for $2 and I was fine. I will definitely be staying here again when I return to Puerto Rico. Please feel free to email me if you have any specific questions about the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mringenoldus
<Content>We loved At Windchimes! We stayed at this charming Inn on our return from a week long cruise. After being with large groups of people, the Inn was a welcome respite. Our room wwas at the front of the second floor and quite large. It had saltillo tiled floors and cherry yellow floral and pale blue accents. The pool was small but had a nice little waterfall. My daughter's room was above the back of the Inn. It waas a little smaller but had a large sun porch with comfortable furniture. The boat bar was a big hit with everyone and staffed by a very pleasant young lady. The Windchimes is very clean with spotless white walls. The was a very welcoming scent throughout the lobby from either candles or incense. It was also very secure in that it has a front courtyard gate. The front desk will issue you the key. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint and unusual facility If you can live without any water pressure, in a small room and tiny bathroom, this is the place for you to stay. Front desk personnel were helpful when they were available. Check out was delayed by computer problems. A five minute transaction took almost 20 minutes. Location near the beach was great. Pool was adequate to cool off. Boat bar was quaint but available only till 11 PM. Air conditioner problem was solved with one request. Efficiency kitchen did not include a coffee pot and there were no glasses provided, not even in the bathroom. A quaint way to spend a vacation but certainly not above and average place.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Oasis We loved this warm and inviting boutique hotel. The location was perfect for a quiet getaway. It is located on the main drag in Condado, just as it changes from the commercial hustle and bustle to the quiet residential area. It is surrounded by beautiful homes on quiet streets. It is about a 10 minute walk to the main commercial area on the strip. Since there are no large public beach parking lots, the stretch of beautiful beach (just a short block away) between Condado proper and Ocean Park Beach is very private and clean.The atmosphere is secluded and intimate. The property is walled and gated with a tropical outdoor bar for guests. My partner and I felt very welcomed and had some wonderful times socializing at the bar with the very friendly and outgoing staff and guests. The homemade food at the bar was very tasty and fresh. The drinks were great! The staff was very helpful in recommending places to eat and see. The private tour guide was terrific and incredibly knowledgeable. He only hosts private tours for individuals, couples, and very small groups and was eager to customize our private tour needs.We stayed in a King room, which was quite roomy and clean. It had a step out balcony with a lovely view of the pool and courtyard. It had a small refrigerator, a futon and a table and chairs. The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. The furnishings and artwork were well appointed. The air conditioner was powerful yet quiet. Since we bring our own toiletries when traveling, we didn't mind that the hotel only provides soap and towels.The pool is small but very inviting and refreshing, with its waterfall and water jets. It was fine for a quick dip or short lap or 2. The beach was the place for a real swim.We highly recommend this boutique hotel for its value, convenient and quiet location, peaceful hideaway feeling, intimate atmosphere, and terrific staff. Well be sure to make this our home away from home whenever we visit San Juan.Don't Stay here if you like: being a room number instead of a name, staying in the busiest and noisiest section of town, using a lobby map to navigate your hotel, being re-directed to 2 or 3 people to find and book bus tours on which about 20 or so others will join you, rushing an early breakfast to insure a poolside chair in the sun, an Olympic size pool with an Olympic size crowd, elbow to elbow beach blankets, spending and extra $100 per night for terrycloth robes, a piece of candy on your pillow and a complete line of designer toiletries you should have brought with you.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! READ THIS BEFORE MAKING YOUR RESERVATION !!!!! There is a reason for the variations in reviews for this hotel. Most of it is renovated and quite nice. Several, however, are not renovated. They have tiles peeling up, a stuffy smell and are misrepresented by pictures. If you choose to get a room here, make sure you book it on the phone with a guarantee that it has been renovated. They offered us the unrenovated room for the base price then when we got there tried to get more money out of us to give us a renovated room telling us it was bigger. We didn't need a bigger room, just one that was not misrepresented. This appears to be a scam to get people to pay more than agreed for a room after a long plane ride it is tempting to just pay the extra money and get angry later. Somehow they hide these dingy rooms from the people writing their reviews. Also, they say there is street parking, but you have to walk for blocks to get LEGAL street parking. You may get a ticket, you may not. Hope you like walking a long way to the car.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Stay at Wind Chime Inn My family went to San Juan and stayed three days at Wind Chime Inn. We loved it. It was small but very clean and freindly. The staff recommened places to eat and also arranged a tour of the Rain Forrest for us. They helped with directions, also you are in a fenced and gated area, we felt very safe. The beach across the street had a wonderful park and a BEAUTIFUL Beach. Highly recommend. Not your average cookie cutter stay, very unique!!! 4 stars from my family!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome! Location a bit secluded... We went to Puerto Rico on vacation druing low season, so the whole island was relatively quiet.l After arriving from the airport to windchimes($15) in less than 10 minutes, we were more than pleasantly suprised by the cute, clean little inn. The rooms were a little small, but the air conditioning was fierce and the beds comfortable. The showers (after hearing how bad the water pressure was) were not the greatest, but the ambiance of the stone cobbled floors and beach-ish feel were so enticing, it overshadowed all flaws in the bathroom. The inn itself is in a quasi-good location. After reading all the reviews we were expecting to be steps from all the Condado action, but soo realized that to get to the main strip, we would have to walk more than the three blocks the front desk told us to, since most of the restaurants and bars we wanted to go to were further down the area. There are a few good options to eat around the area, but everything is mostly residential. Being close to the beach was great though since it was relatively secluded and quiet, however it seemed that the bunch of trees before the beach had some shady behavior going on, as long as your with someone else it should be ok. If one goes straight on the beach, and walks the opposite direction towards ocean park all the way down to the end of the beach(about a 15 minute scenic route) there is a great restaurant overlooking the water that is a real find in a hotel called Hosteria de'l Mer. Also, make sure you take the right bus to Old San Juan, or else you could end up in a really bad area without a clue to get back! Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big disappointment My wife and I recently spent one week in Puerto Rico and very much enjoyed our visit. On our last night we decided to stay at At Wind Chimes Inn since it mostly had good reviews. True, the building looks nice from the outside and even from the inside (for the most part) and the staff is nice, but I began to suspect that something was not quite right when we ran into into mosquito paradise as we where led to our room right above the bar. We accepted the room (big mistake) and dropped off our belongings and off we where to revisit Old San Juan. When we returned later on that evening and entered the room, we were eaten alive by mosquitos to the extent that we called to complain and were given a can of raid! Upon closer inspection, the room had not been dusted in god knows how many years and the floor had not even been mopped, much less swept. The bathroom was no better with broken floor tiles in some parts and large patches of poured concrete in others, plus the tub drain worked only after you finished showering, how nasty! The telephone receiver was full of cerumen and dust and the bedsheets, although supposedly washed, had all sorts of stains on them. To top things off, the room itself had an unforgettable smell and the bed cover was greasy! It was the worst night we've ever spent anywhere, but we couldn't do much about it because we were told earlier that the night staff person had called in sick and there wouldn't be anyone there until 7 am the next morning. We attempted to sleep with the light on thinking that roaches would probalby come out in the dark and left half asleep at 5 am the following day, after my wife refused to use nasty shower. Granted, the photos shown of the room in the brochure look very alluring, but our room was a nightmare! How anyone could recommend this dump or how this place got its high rating is beyond us. I've served in the military for 8 years and I've had to endure some pretty yucky places, but to have to pay for this sort of filth is simply outrageous.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Big Disappointment I found the great reviews that At the Wind Chimes received are really deceiving. I expected the place to be like a bed and breakfast and was really disappointed. The place IS located a block from the beach and one block from the bus stop but that is about it. The rooms are cramped. The pool is more like a puddle. The nearby beach is a litter box. Dogs roam the beach and crap all over making the beach smell oh so great. The buses are completely unreliable. The shortest wait we had was half an hour. The average being about an hour. The front desk staff was helpful for the most part although the bartender was very moody. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. In that price range, you're better off at the HoJo or Best Western.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than what I expected. To the people who gave this inn a bad review are NUTS!. Sorry, you are way to picky and are expecting a 5 star hotel for a $100 a night. GET REAL!!, you'll be dishing out a between $50-$100 bucks more for a nicer towel and a bigger bar of soap.My experience at the inn was more than well worth it. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The rooms were clean  you had maid service every day.As far as the pool goes. Yes, it is smaller. However, that also has it's benefit. Less people and less commotion than at a larger size pool.The bar was great, drinks were awesome and the food was delicious.Beach was a block away and very nice.All in all I would recommend this place to anyone. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Friendly This is the place to stay! The guest house is gorgeous, in the Spanish style (white-walled with red tile roofing) and with little courtyards and private spaces. One short block from the beach too! The staff was super-friendly, especially the younger employees; they took a personal interest in our stay and answered all our questions about the culture, places to go, etc.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelbarginseeker
<Content>Enjoyed my stay. I just came back from staying at the Wind Chimes Inn (5/23 - 5/26). I found The Wind Chimes Inn to be quite lovely and it's staff very friendly. The rooms are a bit small and yes it's true, there isn't much water pressure. It has a lovely deck area and pool. The pool is a bit small, nevertheless, it's nice when you need to cool off. You will need to bring your own shampoo and conditioner, but if you are like me you have already packed it away. The inn is at a perfect location. The buses are not far, the beach is on the next block and you have many restaurants only 2 blocks away. It's in a residential part of the Condado, but the action is walking distance away. I felt at home at The Wind Chimes Inn, I would definitely go and visit again. If the little things don't bother you, you will have a great time at the Wind Chimes Inn. One other thing, while I visited the Morro in Old San Juan, I came across a very nice man named Jose Duran. Mr. Duran is a tour guide in the Morro, but he also provides tours around the island. I have never had such a gracious tour guide before and his prices where quite reasonable. If your interested you can reach him at 787 286-2898. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip I got a cheap fare, so I went to San Juan for Memorial Day Weekend. The weather was outstanding, the people were friendly (as always), the location was great. The hotel room was small (some say modest or the like, but it was SMALL)..just barely bigger than the queen-size bed. It turned out to be fine, though, because I spent only sleeping hours in the room. It's a 2-minute walk to the beach (1/2 block), and about a 5-minute walk to casinos, bars and such. It is in an 'urban environment' (many condos/apartment buildings/small traffic-y streets), but I would recommend it, and stay again. The staff were wonderful!  
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A truely wonderful place for gay travelors I have got to say if your gay or lesbian the Windchims is the place to stay. My partner and I original reserved a room at the Coral Princess. And checked out after one night and headed right back to the Windchims. The Coral staff made us feel very uncomfortable and had no bar. Gabby, a Wind Chims stafff, remembered us from the previous year and so did the bar tenders. They made us feel very welcomed. As a BB and the resonable price the WC has all that you need. The atmosphere is warm, decore charming, and all attractions and night life just a short distance away. My partner and I felt secure to hold hands at the bar as we talked to other guest (gay and straight). On our second night we rented a second room for my mother-in-law. The staff treated her like a Queen. Wind Chimes keep up the good work. If your gay this is a truely great place to stay.  
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Here Again! Unlike some of the previous reviews I thought this place was great. I stayed here for 5 days and loved every minute of it. Yes the pool is as big as the pool in the marriot but the website clearly showed a complete picture of the pool. I must say that what you see on the website is what you get. The pool is a decent size going from 3feet to 5feet. The sundeck is great. Ocean Park beach is just a short block away.The staff is wonderful, very helpful and very nice. The rooms are not big but they are comfortable. I personally could care less about shampoo or soap in the rooms b/c I would bring my own stuff anyway. Besides who wants to use hotel soap anyway... humm. This place was very clean and always cool. They provide you with a ceiling fan and an air conditioner(which is not noisy). My room was located in the courtyard and it was very quiet. The bar is nice and have the best banan margaritas I have ever tasted. The area is quiet and nice. This place is very safe. There is staff around the clock. I would recommend this place to anyone and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect spot It's a beautiful villa with all the basic amenities possible. The pool is perfect for staying cool. The bar/restaurant is cute. The people at the front desk were extremely helpful. It is very close to the beach (1 block). It is 3 blocks from 2 bus lines, which is only .25! You can take it to Isla Verde or Old San Juan. The taxis are around $12 to those two places. The rooms are clean and basic. It has a/c and t.v. It's also in a perfect location in terms of restaurants and casinos. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what we expected After reading the rave reviews, my husband and I expected a lot more from this inn. First the positiives--the inn is a very quaint Spanish villa style with pretty and sunny sitting areas located in a nice section of Condado. The staff are very friendly and the inn, both clean and nicely decorated, is just one block from the beach and convienently located to bus stops. The wraps at the bar are overpriced, yet tasty. However, for more than $100 a night, our room was very tiny and dark, the showers had no water pressure, the three-foot deep pool is super tiny at best, there are little room amenities, and, if your room is located near the bar, be prepared for a lot of noise. It seems that with a few minor upgrades (increase shower water pressure, and provide irons, hairdryers, shampoo, much nicer towels and soap in the rooms, and price differentials for dark rooms--we never knew when it was daylight--) the inn could be a LOT nicer. If you are just looking for a place to sleep on vacation while you explore the city all day, this inn is fine. If you are looking for relaxation in a hotel setting by a decent size pool, pay the extra twenty to thirty dollars and book a room at the major hotels.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointment We stayed at the Wind Chimes in April 2003. After reading the reviews in this section we looked forward to a renovated small inn with character and charm. It was far from what we expected. The room and furnishings were dark and unattractive.There was a with noisy wall air conditioner, with no view windows to the outside, on a busy street, small bathroom, shower with low pressure, and no bath amenities except a few bars of thin soap bars.The kitchen facilities were sparse and the few utensiles provided were in a plastic bin.There were no appliances. The inn itself was a maize and reminded us of a european 2 star pensione, (early 1920's style) with little evidence of modernization. In our view it was not worth the $125. per night tarrif.All in all we would not stay there again at any price.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful atmosphere We stayed here for four days in February and loved it. It is inexpensive, clean, sunny, and in a convenient location near Ocean park beaches. The friendly staff helped us plan our itinerary each day.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noelle_c
<Content>Cute and convenient At Wind Chimes Innis a very well-maintained, inexpensive inn. Our room was a bit small, but certainly comfortable and worth the price. We got plenty of help from the managers and were a short distance from Old San Juan. We would certainly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay @ The Wind Chimes   showReview(854821, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic oasis in the Condado!   showReview(835161, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great place   showReview(823851, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thiol
<Content>Great and beatiful   showReview(813848, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fbeaven
<Content>Very Quaint   showReview(754966, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Inn   showReview(753531, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place to stay on a business trip   showReview(693692, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful, quaint inn   showReview(642723, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Private, residential, well-managed inn   showReview(642209, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a fabulous space to unwind   showReview(588379, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

