<Author>LynneVA
<Content>WHAT A GEM! Affinia Gardens is TOP NOTCH! We traveled to NYC on a family trip with our two children and another family. We did a lot of research about hotels and what would be a good fit for a family. The Affinia Gardens was perfect. We stayed in a Junior suite which offered two queen size beds with incredible bedding and pillows. There was a TV area that had a recliner and really made the room feel very spacious. Our family of four was very comfortable in the room. The kitchen was a nice bonus. There's a market/grocery store right around the corner and we were able to buy bagels, fruit and snacks for breakfast.The staff is top notch. They bent over backwards to make our stay perfect. They were so friendly and offered all kinds of help from printing out boarding passes to securing a driver for us to return to the airport. We enjoyed the coffee in the morning, and the tea that's available all of the time in the lobby. It's a neat little hotel tucked away in a quiet neighborhood. We felt very safe and secure at this location. It's convenient to a lot of things... and on the days the kids were tired, we just took a cab. We will recommend this hotel to anyone we hear traveling to NYC. It's just terrific. The manager, Alex Spector, is truly doing something right. The Evans from Richmond, VA  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anniebaloo
<Content>Great find I have just returned from a five day break to New York and stayed at Affinia Gardens. What a find! I've stayed in several other NY hotels but Affinia Gardens far outstrips the others. Our room was spacious and comfortable, quiet and spotless. The beds were divinely comfortable! We stayed on the 10th floor, facing the street and noise was not a problem. Location is great, near Central Park, lots of museums and galleries, Bloomingdales is a gentle stroll, and the subway nearby. Local shops (Gourmet Garage, Food Emporium and CVS) very accessible and we tried a few local restauranrts with China Fun the hands down winner! I have two small complaints: (i) Internet access is expensive and I believe should be free to guests and (ii) I have seen a number of reviews extolling the Tuesday Wine and Cheese night. Perhaps this no longer takes place, but if it does I am surprised that it was not brought to our attention.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>NaomiSeattle
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed here recently (2 adults and a child). We had a one bedroom suite which worked out very well. The suite was huge--large sitting area, kitchen, two very comfortable beds. We really enjoyed our stay here, the room was quiet, and the hotel felt clean and well looked after. The building is older, so you will notice older plumbing, carpets are a little worn etc. That didn't detract from how nice our room was though. The staff were also very friendly. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Spadina2
<Content>Biggest and quietest room I've had in NYC Just to endorse others' positive comments -- our room was spacious enough for our family of four; the beds and bedding were high quality, and the staff were courteous. Despite being next to the elevator, the room was very quiet - almost no street noise whatever.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>DellaMar
<Content>Lovely, spacious hotel in NYC Affinia Gardens in NYC is a quite, tranquil hotel that is family-friendly, welcoming and has spacious rooms. My family secured two same-floor doubles to accommodate our family of grandparents, parents and two nine-year olds, we enjoyed a four-day, pre-Thanksgiving trip to New York. The hotel is well-located (we walked to Central Park) and close to nice neighborhood restaurants and trendy shops on Lexington and Madison. Each room (formerly an apartment) includes an updated, spacious bathroom and a well-equipped though small kitchen. The kitchen made traveling with kids especially comfortable. The small, inviting and comfy lobby has perfect for morning coffee/hot tea and newspaper reading for the early risers in our group. The furnishings and bedding were top-notch and spotless. The staff was helpful, friendly and eager to please. We would recommend Affinia Gardens to others and hope to book it for a return visit.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MilesBChester
<Content>Can't fault Affinia Gardens Can't fault the Affinia Gardens.The location is excellent, close to central park, 5th Avenue and Subway. Shops and restaurants close by.The Staff were very polite and helpful, nothing seemed to be too much troubleThe room was large and very comfortable with a well equiped kitchen.Would highly recommend if you are traveling with children or infants.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Weeb1es
<Content>Will return  We booked this hotel based upon other reviews on this site and found its location to be superb. 5 minute walk to Central Park, 35 minute walk to Times Square etc allowed easy access to the main attractions whilst being on the quieter part of the city to allow relaxtion at the end of each day.The suite was huge by city standards and although a little on the tired side in parts was clean with housekeeping done everyday with clean towels etc etc. The staff made our stay memorable for their easy going, very friendly, helpfull and proffessional manner.Would definatly stay again and recommend to any prospective traveller.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dazed1019
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed At in Years This was one of my most relaxing vacations in years. If I had to recommend only one hotel in would be the Affinia Gardens. Great Staff nice reception hour and excellent service. I will be telling all of my friends about the Gardens. Keep up the good work.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anonLincoln_NE
<Content>Excellent Stay Thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Affinia Gardens. Spacious, comfortable room which was elegantly furnished, and with modern comforts. Most importantly, room was quiet, with no street noise. Hotel reception and tea bar were excellent.Staff were at all times attentive, courteous and well-informed, and focused on the well-being of guests.Would strongly recommend hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AusAcademic
<Content>Praise from Aus We stayed at Affinia Gardens for our first trip to NYC - all the way from Australia, and with an 8 year old in tow. The price was more than reasonable (though the Aussie dollar was high at the time), the room really comfortable, and staff incredibly helpful. Would stay there again in a flash!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Shi Hu
<Content>less than tranquil this time We've stayed at the Affinia Gardens on previous visits to NY. While the rooms are generally more spacious than many NY hotels, I must say that the property is beginning to look a bit shabby, with peeling wallpaper and tired carpets. The beds are very comfortable and the bath rooms spacious enough, with white fluffy towels. The rooms have a mini-kitchen which can be convenient, of course. Funny, on my departure, I've always left unopened sodas and juices for the next guest. This was the first time my husband had sodas and I, a juice. I was surprised to be charged. Silly me. I guess I'd been supplementing the hotel's charges to other guests! I just wasn't thinking!On this visit, we experienced a very uncomfortable and surprising situation. The temp in the room was 75 and we couldn't get the AC to produce cool air. We phoned the desk and were told that only HEAT was available, the AC was no longer operating. Off for the season! We were offered a FAN. To move the hot air around? The desk seemed to commiserate. What could they do? No, we can't provide AC? So sorry!We had to open the window and listen to traffic and sirens. The only other time we had such an experience was in Siclily when we stayed in a converted convent, but this was NY, the Big Apple.So, dear traveler, be forewarned.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5268Y
<Content>Good location. Disappointed in maintenance and cleanliness. Terrific location on Upper East Side. Nice decor. Very courteous desk personnel. My carpet was dirty, and I asked them to clean it. Never done. Maintenance of room could be better -- peeling wallpaper, grout needing to be replaced, etc. Maybe this was because I was in one of the cheapest rooms. (My brother and his wife had no complaints about their room.) Overall, I was disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>workmas1
<Content>Peaceful The Affinia Gardens is perfectly located on a quiet street close to Central Park and numerous restaurants. This is a small property which allows the staff to pay special attention to their guests. The doorman greeted me every morning by name. The staff was pleasant and the rooms are absolutely terrific. The beds and bedding are luxurious and the rooms are all suite type rooms with a small kitchen. I would recommend this property to anyone who is spending any significant time in Manhattan as it is a great place to set up your base to visit the Big Apple.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gene
<Content>This Affinia did not meet our expectations... I am a big fan of Affinia Hotels and usually stay at another property in New York City. This time this hotel offered the best rate and the location was okay for us. We arrived pretty early and I asked for a room not near the elevator. The front desk manager promptly sent me to room 701 right next to elevator and service areas. I went back down but he had nothing else for this early check in so we kept it. It was noisy with the rings from the elevator and staff hanging out. It was only two nights so just put up with it. The general look of the hotel was awful in the hallways...very soiled carpet and dated looking. The actual junior suite was okay but very small bathroom. The Zen ambiance consisted of a lobby area with some sort of tea counter.. the Zen atmosphere was further enhanced by loud rap music. The web site said this hotel was the quiet hotel.. Had pre-order the special pillows (a feature of Affinia) and they were not there. The staff tried but this place just does not have the polish of the Affinia 50 or any of the other properties and I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>aliciazs
<Content>What a great hotel, hidden away in NY Was so impressed with this hotel. The rooms were HUGE. So rare for NY. Clean, spacious. Air Con, 2 double beds with lovely, soft linen. Good sized bathroom. Friendly, helpful staff. Great value. Perfect location - near everything, but in a quiet street, away from all the noise.Only suggestions for improvement - better lights in the bedroom, bigger towels, slightly troublesome internet connection.Would totally stay there again and would recommend to friends.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Meurli
<Content>Nice, peaceful place in the Big Apple Prior to our very first trip to New York the big challange was to identify a hotel which combined tranquillity with the proximity to the heart of the city. The Affinia Gardens perfectly reflect this compromise by its friendly staff, spacious rooms (in our case equipped with a functional kitchen) and optimal location between the 2nd and 3rd streets on the 64th. It's always nice (and to us most important) to have the chance to rest in a comfortable environment after a fatiguing day discovering the wide streets and amenities of the Big Apple. Will recommend it to friends who plan to spend some days in NY later this year. Only concerning the taxi drive to the airport we would suggest to use the official cabs instead of the private limousine organized by the hotel. Needing the same amount of time to reach the JFK Airport as we did to trasfer from it to the city at our arrival, we paid about 15% more for the solution proposed by Affinia. But the bottom line rests the same: We had a great time at Affinia Gardens and will come back!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Amy00
<Content>REALLY Pet-Friendly We just returned from four nights at the Affinia Gardens near central park. The room, the staff and the location are unbeatable!The room was huge! We had a large living room, a kitchen and a bedroom with two queen beds. The bathroom was small, but it didn't bother us at all.The staff was fantastic. We travelled with our two dogs, and they brought a gift bag, bowls, and a sign for the door to let house keeping know if the pets were alone so they would not be disturbed. They take pet-friendly to a whole new level. As a couple that frequently travels with our dogs, we really appreciate that.Finally the location is perfect. The hotel is only a few blocks from Central Park, four short blocks to the subway and steps away from 2nd Avenue, which must have a hundred restaurants with outdoor seating within walking distance of the hotel. We will be back, without a doubt!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>clairey20
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!! Stayed here for a hen trip with 3 of my girlfriends for 3 nights. We only booked 1 room which was fine as the beds were huge as was the room/suite.Room contained a small kitchenette which was perfect for storing bottles of wine! Was enough space for 4 girls all with big cases and lots of shopping.Staff are friendly and very helpful.Hotel location is excellent - walking distance from Bloomingdales, Central Park and subway stations.The only complaint is that we arrived at noon but were not able to check in until 3 - my fault though as should have checked before we came.I would certainly stay here again - it is peaceful and very clean, the prices see to have gone up by alot since we stayed though!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pygmyhippo
<Content>Loved it! Booked this hotel for mine and my b/f's first trip to NYC. It was fantastic - in a good, quiet location. Hotel room was huge with separate fully-equipped kitchen and seating area.Spotlessly clean and well maintained throughout our stay.Although it is a bit far out than some other hotels - we enjoyed our time spent at Affinia without question. Great little bakers nearby where we got fabulous pancakes and waffles for breakfast.Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sallynb
<Content>Good hotel This is a good hotel with huge rooms which are great for families. I was very happy overall, although the hotel's emphasis on 'tranquility' was a little too forced. Would recommend for families who need a big room and good sized kitchen attached.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ge2000ge
<Content>Affinia Gardens - The Jewel of Manhattan/NYC My physician recommended Affinia Gardens as not only a wonderful place to recuperate after my surgery, but also one located in the heart of the city with close proximity to everything NY has to offer,. From the hotel's brochure, the place certainly appeared accomodating, but not much more. Boy, was I wrong! As a person who has frequented the best hotels from Europe to Asia and the Soviet Union to South America to the Middle East, Affinia Gardens ranks right up there with the best of them. Who knew? The rooms are spacious, well-appointed, comfortable, and provide all one needs to lounge, work, or socialize right within your own suite. Housekeeping is superb (Thank you, Chandra), keeping rooms immaculate, linens and toiletries fresh and plentiful, and all living aspects in top repair. The place is so well managed that NOTHING is allowed to look the slightest bit compromised or askew or engineering arrives with a new shower head (I didn't even know I needed one), a brighter light bulb, or a glue gun to fasten the corner of a shade that may have begun to curl. Amazing! Add to all of this a warm and wonderful staff who really goes out of their way to make you feel at home, and you will not want to leave. I know. I stayed for six weeks and at no time was the staff, the service, or accomodations anything less than superior. From now on, Affinia Gardens is my NYC destination pointLook no further.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noelhoman
<Content>Beyond Expectation! My husband recently had to work in NYC over a weekend. With his company picking up the tab, I decided to join him and bring along our almost 3 year old son for his first trip to the city. We were looking for a property with a separate sleeping area and a fridge near Central Park -- WOW! This place was beyond expectation!This property is in a relatively quiet area within easy walking distance of the Central Park Zoo. The lobby is intimate and the front desk staff very friendly -- Melissa was a big hit with our son!We were pleased to be upgraded -- not certain of the difference except a nice bonus, a very large balcony (Room 1104). Would have been even better to have a couple of chairs or a small table on the balcony as the weather was pretty nice both evenings of our stay -- not a complaint, just a suggestion!The room was a 1-bedroom suite. Very large, even compared to same outside of NYC! So, extremely large for NYC! Everything was clean -- even the small kitchen. We didn't take advantage of the stove, toaster, or coffee maker -- but the fridge and dishes / silverware were put to use. We ordered in dinner both nights from two of the three nearby restaurants that have a delivery relationship with the hotel -- Italian and American. Both were very good.Check-out was easy. Michael held our bags so that we could grab a bite and then ran down the block to call us a cab.Have already recommended this property to co-workers. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gramercy1
<Content>Quiet hotel, good stay Stayed at the Affinia Gardens for a weekend getaway. Very clean and spacious room. Our room had a full kitchen, but we didn't use it. Really liked the hotel's proximity to Central Park. For people that want the hustle and bustle of NYC (Times Square, etc), this is not the hotel for you. The Affinia Gardens is a clean, modern, relaxing hotel that is located in a residential neighborhood. Will definitely return to Affinia Gardens when I am in NYC again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmrWinterville
<Content>LOVED the Affinia My family of five just returned form a weeks stay at the Affinia Gardens NYC. We had a one bedroom suite. I was a little concerned with five of us staying in one room but I shouldn't have been worried, the room was huge! It had a large bedroom area with 2 double beds and a Very large siiting room with a fold out bed, a nice, fully appointed kitchen and a nice size bathroom(the water pressure in the shower was great for NYC). The hotel offerd a complimentary tea bar in the lobby.They also provided a pillow menu . The location was great, just around the corner from a subway and you are off! There was a good little diner around the corner that served a good breakfast and Alices Tipsy Teapot, right across the street, is a must for all of you tea lovers. The BEST thing about the Affinia Gardens is the staff! Krys, Nicole Latoya, and Rhonda were wonderful! They were always ready to assist us in anything we needed from Yankees tickets to umbrellas when a storm blew up.I will definately stay at The Affinia Gardens the next time I'm in NYC. It was the best value I have ever experienced in the city. Thanks to everyone at the Affinia Gardens for making our trip one we will always remember:)  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TruthTraveler
<Content>Quiet Suite Hotel on Upper East Side Traveling with a baby is always a challenge and traveling to New York City for a few days, baby in tow ,is particularly interesting. How do you find a place to stay where there will be sufficient room for all of you baby's paraphernalia; where there may be some privacy for Mom and Dad; where you do not have to skulk around in fear of other guests muttering and complaining about what you know is your baby's screaming or wailing? We have the place for you. The Affinia Garden Hotel which is found in a quiet upper Eastside neighborhood (there is even a small park that comes with the place) and operates as an all-suite member of the Affinia chain. From all appearances, in one life, this place was an undistinuished apartment building. As an all suite hotel, it is hard to beat particularly if you are traveling with babies or kids. This is not all kid suite hotel either with hordes running up and down the corridors - the demographic is entirely diverse from families, to singles, American and international. We like that.Don't get me wrong. Nothing comes cheap and you will wind ujp paying $450 per night (including taxes) to stay in a deluxe one bedroom unit. We had 1205 on the penultimate floor, in the north corner, overlooking the small park. Couldn't have been a better location. The place had a small but functional kitchen, dishes and silverware (a sign noted that you could ask for more and pots and pans as well) with low-end appliances that worked; a nice dining table for four; fold out sofa in the living area, TV, working desk, divan in the entrance area (divan?), separate bedroom, plenty of closet space and a very small, but well equippped, bathroom. The upkeep appeared pretty good other than some peeling paint on the sills and a weird HVAC system that mostly generated cold air but strained to do so in the living room area. Some earlier guest's lost and unfound shoe was also perched against one of the beds. By prearrangement, the staff had installed a workable crib and one call more produced a functioning high chair. There are only two elevators so you will see some delay during the day while the rooms are being serviced.We were immediately impressed by the professionalism of the staff from the bellmen to all of the desk clerks and other support staff. Be sure to indulge in some of their cucumber water. Everone seemed enthusiastic and happy to have us there and nobody acted as though the presence of a baby would in any way impede or disrupt the operation. We wound up keeping the baby in the bedroom and that worked out fine. Feeding time was, as you might expect, somewhat messy and I would recommend to the Hotel that they lay in some 4x4 plastic mats that can be placed under the highchair - nobody want's to be rubbing and cleaning Jr. Pasta and Vegetables off the carpet.If you are high flying, I would go for the Penthouse suites - they are larger, and have a balcony and larger bathroom to boot.The Hotel offers take-out from thre local restaurants - Chinese, Italian and Diner, all of which are located within a block. We ate a lot of diner food from the Silver Star and it was good. There are all conveniences within a block or two - ATMs, dry cleaning, pharmacy, organic grocery stores, restaurants and more. It is a relatively quiet location. It also offers a lot of spa type facilities that we had no time to indulge in.Our babysitting service was not affiliated with the Hotel and was typical - running about $100 per night with tips etc. cash only please.We will probably stay at the Affinia the next time we are in NY even if the baby is not with us. It is a pretty good value for the buck.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>uraqtmom
<Content>People with bandages and not clean enough I have read the other reviews and agree with the statements about convenience and the friendliness of the staff. However, I would trade a friendly staff for a very clean room. There was dried food on the kitchen counter, smudges, stained rug, and worst was some blood near the bathroom on the wall. There are a lot of people recouperating from surgery here as there is an ear, nose, and throat hospital directly across the street. My kids did not like seeing people with black eyes and bandages. I was bothered by the smell - a sort of sick hospital smell covered by a windex smell. The staff was so incredibly nice and tried their hardest to make everything acceptable. It was the nicest staff I have encountered in a long time. But it was not enough to make up for the unfresh feeling. It was slightly nauseating. We stayed because the beds seemed fresh and clean and that was the most important. Plus, we were rarely in our room. If you have a high standard of cleanliness and don't want to feel nauseous sometimes then pay the extra money and stay somewhere else. But it is very hard to find a hotel with this much space and a kitchen in a quiet location - these are things to consider. You could do what I did and buy a bottle of clorox cleaner and clean everything really well yourself. Then look the other way when going through the lobby so as to avoid the black eyes and bandages. This would not be a good place for a romantic getaway without the kids - if that's your purpose - look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	4	4	3	

<Author>Havebabywilltravel71
<Content>A great family hotel We have just arrived back from a week in New York. We are a family traveling with a 41/2 year old and a 6 month old - so putting family friendliness of any hotel to the test! We had chosen the Affinia Gardens for it's family rating on trip advisor and were glad we did. We stayed in room 409 which was a suite with separate bedroom (with TV) with 2 double beds in it, sitting room area with TV and desk and a bathroom and kitchen. Hotel location is great for the park and zoo as only a 15 minute walk. The food emporium supermarket/deli is very close by and provides everything you need to self cater while staying at the hotel. There are also many restaurants near by which are family friendly. One of our favourites was 'Alice's teacup' which serves great wholesome breakfasts, lunches and teas - and keeps most children occupied with it's Alice and Wonderland themed decoration and loo! The hotel also has takeout menus in the rooms which deliver to your door and we tried most of them and they were good (just very large portions!)The kitchen was well equipped with a full size cooker, coffee machine, dishwasher (although I don't know why as there was not enough china/pots to fill it!) large fridge freezer and sink. Only complaint was that microwave was very small and our microwave steriliser would not fit in it (had a trip out to Toys R us to buy an electric one!) Hotel provided us with a hob kettle when we requested one (not standard) There was no restaurant in the hotel, which was not an issue for us, as we were quite happy to eat breakfast out or make it our selves.Rooms were cleaned well everyday and I have never seen so many towels provided! Which again is ideal with kids.Room had no DVD which was shame as I think it would have been good on the odd evening. They did have films on request though.Internet connection was good (a bit pricey for the week)There is a carpark opposite and bin men/trucks which tended to cause extra noise through the night/early morning, but for NY this was quite tame.If we stayed in NY with the kids again we would no doubt stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jambocam
<Content>Lovely Place, Great Location Stayed for 5 nights at the end of May and have nothing but praise for this hotel.We had a Junior Suite and this was very large and comfortable.Staff were very helpful and the free tea was very welcome after a long day in the city.Hotel's location is a little way from Times Square, etc, but we enjoyed that as it was a little peaceful haven within walking distance of the hustle and bustle.One tip, instead of turning right ( as we did most mornings), turn left to 2nd Ave and 60th St. The cable car to Roosevelt Island is only 5 mins and gives a different view of Manhattan. The Tramway Diner (also on the corner of 60th) has good substantial, cheap breakfast.If I go back the Affinia Gardens would be my first choice.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chocolatelovertoo
<Content>Affinia Gardens Loved our stay, felt right at home. Everything as promised.Will definitely stay again.Be sure to visit Alice's Tea Cup for the best scones ever, just a few blocks away.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRAVGIRL01
<Content>Simply the best! We stayed for 4 nights at this Upper East Side Gem. The hotel has great suites and absolutely wonderful staff. The evening reception hosted by managers was a great touch. Will definitely be back at the Affinia!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luv2travelMiami
<Content>2nd time and still a charm This was our second stay at the Affinia Garden and it was once again amazing. I agree with the other reviews. The service is great. We asked to have the sofa bed turned down and it was done almost immediately. Our smoke detector's battery was low and it began to beep and say low battery (at 2:45 a.m.) and we had someone fixing it within 5 min. The bellhop will go to 2nd Ave. (the main Ave nearest hotel) and get a cab in any weather. The rooms are clean and the views are great. The kitchens are also clean and very well kept. The location is off the main Ave. which makes it pretty quiet. If you are looking for a hotel where the action is, this is not it. This is quiet and residential, but within walking distance to many places. My only suggestion is that there be more than one bellhop on duty. He is responsible for taking luggage to and from the rooms, getting a cab, and storing peoples luggage if necessary. I think it is too much for one person and therefore you sometimes have to wait for the service to be provided. For instance we took our own luggage up b/c he was busy. It is not the bellhop's fault I just think that particular position is under staffed. Otherwise, I totally recommend this hotel and will stay there again next year.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WineAndBacon
<Content>Excellent Stay, Relaxing in a City of Chaos Pros.1. Excellent staff, everyone is so friendly and accomadating and a special thank you to Noemi Calederon the front desk manager for making our stay extra special.2. The idea location on the upper east side for a more quite off the busy streets.3. Close to great shops and central park.4. We had the one bedroom suite and it was HUGE for NYC hotel standards. It was like having our very own apartment for the week.The perfect place to stay at the end of a hectic new york day.we will be back soon!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dazed6478
<Content>Will never stay anywhere else!!!!!!! I just wanted to express how amazing my recent stay at the Affinia Gardens was. I have never stayed at a hotel where everyone is so friendly and helpful and I travel alot. I just wanted to give kudos to everyone working there and say keep up the good work. Service was outstanding, room was great I loved every minute of my stay. Can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vandynurse
<Content>Great Service! Wonderful Staff! We stayed in a junior suite-- one very large room- plenty of space to spread out. had a kitchen which had a regular sized refrigerator , oven/stove, microwave, toaster, coffeepot and sink. The stove looked like it had never been used. Bathroom was small but very adequate- plenty of water pressure and hot water. Bed/pillows very comfortable. Everything very clean. I loved the tea bar in the lobby- I used it regularly since I don't drink coffee. All the hotel staff were very nice. The maid saw me returning to my room w a cup of tea and offered to hold the cup while I found my key- wonderful staff. Cons: The door to the suite had a large gap around it - like having a night light in the room at night. Everytime any one shut their door ,which was often , our door would rattle and shake. Also be aware that even tho we were on the six floor on the quiet side you could still hear the traffic. We used earplugs and slept fine. Other than the noisy door - it was a great stay.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>solosol
<Content>Lovely hotel Myself and two friends stayed in the Affinia Gardens during a five day break in New York. Whilst the hotel might look a little drab, the room was fantastic! Two queen sized beds in one room, and a pullout out queen size sofa-bed in the other. Both rooms had big tv's and air-con. The rooms were quiet, spacious and a joy to spend time in. We also had a well equipped kitchen, not that we did any cooking, but everything was there in case we needed to. The bathroom was clean and had new appliances. The staff were always friendly, helpful and polite. I really can't fault this hotel. Great stay. I'll be coming back.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CharlieSledge
<Content>Switch to this hotel We switched to this hotel for an extended family vacation with older kids. The rooms are spacious and the property is modern and very well cared-for. Service was outstanding. Combine it with a good location and fair value. We know several frequent travelers to New York and are going to make a point of recommending the Affinia Gardens to them. Be sure not to miss this choice in midtown.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristi224
<Content>Huge rooms, tranquil setting We stayed here for 3 nights after moving from a cheaper hotel. I was under the impression everything in NY was small and slightly ratty unless you were willing to pay the big bucks. At a mid-range price ($400ish), this was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at, and larger than most NY apartments! We had a 500 sq. ft. suite that was tastefully decorated. They pride themselves on serenity -- so tea served in the lobby, and a pillow menu. Staff was very nice and great service. Good location, about 3 blocks off Central Park in an area that wasn't too noisy. Would stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CanberraSightseeker
<Content>Pleasing middle range hotel This hotel is well situated for supermarkets and restaurants and is less than 10 minutes walk to 59th Street subway, Central Park and Bloomingdales. The concierges are very helpful although multi task as bell boy and porter so can be extremely busy. Check in was not good - e-mailed ahead our room preferences and arrival time but on check-in found that our confirmed room (booked 6 weeks ago) was now not available - apparently, first in first served and as many of their guests are patients recovering from procedures from the 3 nearby hospitals - they seem to get priority.Room 408 was a junior suite - spacious and well furnished with a small, basic kitchenette and a small bathroom. The ambience was good and the bed was comfortable. Daily housekeeping was excellent. The view of the street was of the hospital opposite, as well as a 100 garbage bags stacked up on the footpath, waiting for collection.The hotel theme is Tranquility and this it is not! It is bright and well decorated but on arrival the small foyer and Serenity Lounge was crowded with a noisy Italian group waiting to depart. There was not enough room for everyone to sit - some sat on the floor and others on cushions. Many families use this hotel and their kids have heaps of energy.In summary, I'd use this hotel again if I could be guaranteed a high room at the back.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>kcllgh
<Content>affinia perfect for a family Stayed three nights 25 - 29th Loved our stay in this hotel. lt was the best. My husband and three boys would love to return soon.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>renestep
<Content>Safe and Quiet Large, clean, comfortable suite, located in a quiet, upmarket area of New York City. No noticeable noise from outside. Our room had a lovely wall of windows overlooking the ground floor patios. Although outside it was bitterly cold, the large heater was quick to warm our suite. I was disappointed not to have the time to try out the relaxation packs that were available for guests to use, but thought it a great idea.This hotel is handy for the Metro and also within walking distance of Central Park, Bloomingdales and the Apple store.My husband and I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>LakesideQueen
<Content>Loved The Affinia Gardens Hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rn4trips124
<Content>Wonderful Hotel 4 of us (2 daughters 18  23, 1 son 19, and mom 40 something) spent 2 nights at the Affinia Gardens. We booked a Deluxe 1 bedroom suite which we found to be perfect for us. The separate bedroom had 2 very comfortable Queens and the LR had a comfortable sofa sleeper. The room was - well, amazingly large by NYC standards- with a full kitchen to boot! We all loved the minimialistic Asian-Modern style decor and cool lighting as well as the pillow menu which included wedge pillows and- get this- magnetic pillows.The bathroom was on the small side, but how much time do you spend in a bathroom? It was bright, clean, and well appointed.We paid $424.00 a night, which might seem high, but we would have needed 2 rooms at a non-suite hotel which would run $250 per room, so I felt like we got a fairly good deal. The hotel staff were excellent. They responded quickly to requests and were always friendly and professional. They remembered our names and greeted us each time we entered or left the hotel.There were several places to eat nearby, within 2 blocks, which are reasonably priced. There is also a grocery store and wine store within 2 blocks. The subway is within very easy walking distance as well.The hotel is ideally located for a museum-based visit as it is close to MoMa, the Met, the Museum of Natural History, and the Whitney. We also had easy access to Times Square and the Theater District (via subway, ground transport is SLOW).I highly recommend this hotel for families- get the larger suites- or for couples as the ambiance is sophisticated,  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>famfiveArlington_TX
<Content>Loved our stay at Affinia Gardens! Loved our stay at the Affinia Gardens Hotel NYC! We arrived on Thursday March 20, 2008 - Chris and Sal (sp?) the doormen made us feel right at home. Sal went above and beyond, he even located great pizza for us on Saturday night. The girls at the front desk (sorry didn't get all of their names) were very friendly and super professional. Always greeted us and asked how our day was - never made us feel like we were bothering them when we asked for directions to the subway station or Central Park or you name it! We loved our room - pretty good size for the 5 of us. Really could not ask for a better layout with teen boys and a 9 year old daughter. Each one had a little area for some downtime!Oh and the pillows....awesome! Loved the Aveda products too!The location was great - amazing burger place across the street. Great pizza down the street. Shopping just blocks away. Easy access to the subway stations. Starbucks around the corner (of course!) Breakfast diners, groceries...everything you need!We plan to return to Affinia Gardens in the fall - can't wait!Thank you for an awesome stay.Sincerely,Your family from Texas :)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>skeletonlake
<Content>Chronic overbooking? My daughter and I were in New York for her opera school auditions. I called the hotel the day before as a courtesy, to tell them that we would be arriving the following morning. Imagine my shock on arrival to be told that our room was not available, and would not be available for two more days! The only room they could offer us had only one bed and a pull-out couch. They gave us a small reduction on the room rate for the two nights and free internet (which worked sporadically). The odd part was, that according to their website, they had our room type available. I think they habitually overbook. Finally, we schlepped our bags, food from the fridge, groceries, etc, to our new room. There were problems with both rooms, and we had workmen in our room often: the sink and tub didn't drain, the light switch in the dining room was broken, the taps didn't turn off properly, there were deep holes in the carpet. The whole experience was unsettling and made it difficult to focus on the reason we were there in the first place--to prepare for my daughter's auditions. I had always thought that a hotel confirmation meant that the room would be available. I guess not.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>portyfans
<Content>Very comfortable rooms My husband and I, along with our 11 year old son, stayed at the Affinia Gardens for 5 nights during the February school holidays. The room was very clean, extremely spacious and the king size bed was very comfortable. The housekeeping was of a very high standard and the chamber maid even washed up dirty glasses etc. we had left one day. The room layout could perhaps make better use of the space; when the sofa bed was in use there was a very small gap between it and the wall, which we had to squeeze through in order to reach the bathroom . The first night my husband (who is a slimly built man) did this in the dark and hit his shoulder off the central heating control, breaking it. The hotel promptly repaired it the following day with no fuss, but we were wary of it for the remainder of our stay!Our room was to the front of the hotel, which was my only disappointment. I had emailed Affinia central reservations prior to our trip, requesting a room overlooking the gardens, but when I mentioned this at reception they showed no interest in this or made any suggestions as to how our request could be accommodated for even part of our 5 night stay, so we made do with keeping the blinds lowered rather than look into the hospital directly opposite. As another guest has mentioned, there was also some noise from the garbage trucks, which operated early in the morning, but we would probably be stirring at that hour anyway as our body clocks were still out of sync with NY time. The doormen were exemplary; very helpful and chatty. The weather during our stay ranged from snowstorm to a monsoon on our day of departure, but our room was a warm haven. We were allowed to check out slightly later on our day of departure free of charge, which was excellent and meant we could dry out after last minute shopping trips. The night before departure we received a personal phone call from the Manager, who checked we had enjoyed our stay; a very nice touch.The hotel also booked us a car for our return to the airport. The price the driver - who didn't speak very much English - asked us for turned out to be $10 more than the price quoted by the hotel, but we didn't quibble.We'd happily return to this hotel and hope to do so before too long!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>billwat1
<Content>Even better than Expected! We just stayed at the Affinia Gardens in Manhattan for a long weekend vacation. We booked a double queen suite and were very pleasantly surprised to find when we arrived that this was a penthouse suite. The suite was large and very comfortable. The beds and linens were very nice and there was plenty of space for our group of four. We were also very pleasantly surprised in that the room couch was also a pull-out queen; so everyone was pretty much able to sleep in comfort. The staff were outstanding at all levels. From the moment we arrived until check-out were very friendly and professional. They handled minor requests (extra towels, etc) very quickly and the desk followed up to make sure we were happy.As we were staying for several days we decided to make use of the full kitchen in the suite and were able to purchase food at a supermarket less than a block away. While not in the heart of downtown, other points of interest are not far. We walked to Central Park several times and also to Times Square--for points farther out, I would suggest the subway. There are several stations within about a four block radius of the hotel.Views from the 13th floor balcony were nice, though most of the more impressive skyline is still blocked at that elevation. The area the hotel is in wasn't too busy as far as street and pedestrian traffic and while we probably wouldn't have heard much from the top floor, we never noticed too much noise at any time around the hotel.For our whole stay, I only had three pet peeves: First, the lack of internet access. It is true that there is a workstation in the lobby and that wireless internet is available. However, neither are provided gratis. I would have expected a hotel with rooms and rates at this level to have included that as part of the amenities. Second, while the lobby is too small to have any room for any sort of meaningful breakfast, it would have been nice for at least a bagel or muffin to have been available in the mornings. Last, and this is a very minor peeve, for a hotel this nice I was very surprised that as of the date of our stay (March 2008) the room TV's had not been upgraded to a HDTV.Overall, I would highly recommend the Affinia Gardens to just about anyone traveling to NYC. Groups, Couples, Families. The neighborhood is quiet and friendly, the rooms are of a good size and very comfortable and accessing other points of interest is fairly easy.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>PeterNG
<Content>Excellent management and staff We stayed for 5 nights 2nd week in February 2008. Everything about the hotel met or exceeded our expectations. This management delivers what it claims to deliver, the rooms are in excellent condition, spotlessly clean, the kitchen is fully equiped, the beds superb. We cannot understand the negative reviews such as 'midgler' and 'Trippy44'. We thought it was a great part of town to stay but we were happy to walk 4 blocks to the 59st subway. We were really pleased to find the 'Food Emporium' at the end of the block for breakfast groceries (there is an even better one on Lexington but it is a bit of a walk). If you are there on Tuesdays early evening you can chat to the management over wine and cheese. We had a good meal at Jo Jos but felt a bit underdressed! For us this hotel was good value, but of course it all depends what rate you get!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lornahope
<Content>A real home in New York city I took my mother for a week in New York, having been to New York many times, I had always stayed in hotels, either 3 star on school trips or 4/5 star when with my partner, I am pleased to say the Affinia Gardens has been the best so far. The room was huge, 2 large queen beds, lots of space, clean and well designed, the kitchen was an excellent addition and the bathroom was well appointed. The hotel provided excellent herbal teas in the lobby, all staff were very helpful and polite. I would definately go back.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>midgler
<Content>Shame aboit the staff We were holidaying in Canada and had arranged to meet our eldest daughter (at university in the UK) for a long weekend in NY. She arrived first and had to find her own way to the room where, being jetlagged, she went straight to sleep. When we arrived several hours later, we couldn鈥檛 help wondering why the room contained a batch of incontinence pads, some pill containers and a pink plastic kidney-shaped dish, all of which suggested the presence of an elderly guest who was either still in residence or had recently undergone a 鈥榗elestial鈥?checkout. (Subsequent forensic examination further revealed a pile of old newspapers, a half empty bottle of contact lens solution and a used bar of soap.)The management鈥檚 initial response to these discoveries was surprisingly defensive, and seemed to be based on the assertion that, because our daughter had not challenged the presence of these items immediately on her arrival, she had forfeited our right to do so subsequently. Eventually the chambermaid, who had been sent to make up the sofa bed, expressed such horror at the state of the room that the management realised we were not troublemakers and upgraded us to a penthouse suite by way of compensation.As we prefer a cold room and extra bedclothes, we turned down the (rather noisy) air conditioning. On the first night, I phoned reception at 10.45 to ask for an additional blanket. At 10.55, I phoned again. At 11.05, I enquired whether it would be easier for the staff if I came to collect the blanket myself, and was assured that it was 鈥渙n its way鈥? At 11.15, this bare-faced lie was exposed when I went down to reception in pyjamas and bare feet and waited until one of the reception staff went to fetch the blanket 鈥?a long wait, as both of them studiously ignored me for a full five minutes while pretending to concentrate on their laptops. This time, the morning鈥檚 compensation came in the form of a written apology and a complimentary bottle of red wine.Towering over this debacle was the figure of Pedro, the house manager, who appears to work shifts in excess of 24 hours, during which he tries his hardest to provide a decent service despite the surly and incompetent reception staff at his disposal. But even Pedro鈥檚 efforts will not prevent the terminal decline of this hotel, unless its owners get a grip.This is a pity, as the hotel does have a few things going for it. Despite being in a boring part of town, it is quiet and accessible. The rooms are pleasant, and the doormen are helpful. The hotel has a rather sickening and synthetic corporate ethos of 鈥榮erenity鈥?鈥?the main manifestations of which are a cod-Buddhist lounge with a pile of cushions and a dirty washbasin, and a series of nauseating 鈥榯ranquility tips鈥?placed in one鈥檚 room each morning. Rather appropriately, the one for the day of our departure stated 鈥淏esides the noble art of getting things done, there is a nobler art of leaving things undone鈥? This hotel is perhaps favouring the latter at the expense of the former.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>PSToronto
<Content>Affordable Excellence on New York's East Side! We were thrilled with our three-day stay at the Affinia Gardens. The spaciousness and upkeep of the suite, the friendliness and efficiency of the staff, and the excellent location were all first-rate. This is now our hotel of first choice in New York City!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hardup
<Content>first time in America Just returned from a fabulous 5 day half term break to New York this was a first time visit to America. We were recommended the Affinia Gardens hotel by a friend. What a find! Arrived at Newark airport with a one hour delay we had booked a car from Lincoln limousines, which was quoted by email and then booked over the phone from UK I was a bit apprehensive about this but the driver was waiting in the arrivals lounge for my family of five even after the delay. On arrival at the hotel the consigage took our bags and the reception were very warm and friendly. The room was on the eleventh floor with a patio at the side a large open plan lounge and dining room, separate bedroom with two queen size beds and a kitchenette and bathroom. The room was always warm and inviting just as well as during our stay New York was only 21 deg F and lower. Breakfast was available from the Tranquility lounge if required but we took advantage of the local eating houses that served great breakfasts. Herbal teas from the lounge area were also available all day after our long walks up and down the great New York grid system of blocks which was so easy to get round. On Tuesday night a wine and cheese evening was a great way of meeting other guests and meet the warm and friendly Brian (manager) On our departure day it was heavy rain the reception gave us a late booking out time of 3pm, normally 12pm as we were not being collected until 5.30pm this was great allowing us change soaking wet gear before going home.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LisJ
<Content>Fabulously friendly Just back from a trip to NY in which we experienced at least three seasons' weather in four days (-16 windchill, blizzards then monsoon rain) all of which could have been a real dampener except for the fantastically warm reception at the Affinia Gardens. The receptionist and concierge deserve special mention for their patience and cheerfulness and the fact that nothing seems too much trouble, from recommending a great place for brunch to getting a car to come earlier when we changed our minds. My teenage daughters and I loved the location, even trudging back in the snow when the yellow cab drivers all went home! The rooms are large and the beds so comfortable, we nearly didn't want to get up in the morning. The kitchenette was a bonus, especially the night we arrived late and just wanted something from the excellent local deli, the Food Emporium. We loved Eat Here Now for a typical US breakfast and had a lovely meal at JoJo's. We agree with every review here, this is a great hotel for the money and we can't wait to go back 鈥?but maybe not in February.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JRamirezFutureSucess
<Content>one word .......PERFECTION!!! i love it..i stayed at the affinia Gardens from 9 to 5 for a intership they have taught me so many thing to help me in the future the way they spoke to there customers was the most respectful way. As i analyzed each postion of the hotel empolyees they all said hello and good morning which i noticed put smiles on there customers. Everyone in the Affinia gardens are like a big family. I learn that each postion helps the hotel not one but all are equal. I would like to give a special thanks to The General Manager Brian Gehlich, The Director of front desk Sam Bajtel ,Front Desk Manager Glenda Gomez, The Executive house keeper Joann Disanza, and Emily Workman. These people have taught me that customers come first. Also when theres alot on hands still have that cheerful smile. The affinia gardens not only had great people they had the best rooms. The rooms are very relaxing and more comfort then anything they have tea time! what can be anymore relaxing. I thank you for all for your help and time i hope to see you guys again  Thank you,  Jessica Ramirez  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeanc55
<Content>Great Hotel       Room  Bed  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalMuse
<Content>A good alternative to cramped NYC hotel rooms My office is in NYC, and I travel there several times a year. I have stayed at many hotels, trying to find one that I like that's comfortable, in a safe neighborhood, and stay within my company budget. This hotel fit all my requirements, and I greatly enjoyed my stay in December. The beds and pillows are very comfortable, as is the sofa, and the bathrooms are quite large, with good amenities. The best part of the room is the small but fully stocked kitchen - after a visit to the neighborhood market at arrival, you can make breakfast in the morning, and fix a light dinner after work, all without having to deal with limited room service menus, and long waits. The location is very good - several excellent restaurants within a 2 block walk, very good shopping nearby, and cabs are easy to find. The staff are all friendly and helpful. I do not hesitate to recommend the Affinia Gardens to anyone tired of impersonal chain hotel rooms with surly staff!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Trippy44
<Content>AVOID -- Cold, Dreary, Smelly, Uncomfortable We recently stayed here for several nights. We needed a nice place, even if it meant spending a bit more (300+ per day) than lesser reviewed places. Well, Afinia Gardens was a very bad choice. It is the equivalent of a cheap motel with filthy commercial carpeting, cheap furnishings, hard beds, rancid odor, icy drafts from the windows, and no heat in our room. After freezing through the first night, we wanted to leave -- the rude staff would not let us (without paying) so we had no choice but to stay. They upgraded us to a somewhat nicer room -- that is, it had heat -- but still, I felt disgusting the whole time I was in the place. How anyone can call it an oasis is inconceivable to me. How anyone can leave here with anything but disdain is inconceivable to me. It's a converted apartment building -- so it's spacious -- but the space is not efficiently used and does little or nothing to comfort you when you're freezing cold, and unable to sleep because or the putrid smell, and uncomfortable bed. I would never, ever stay here again. I would never, ever recommend it to a friend.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mkingsva
<Content>Wonderful We spent 3 nights at this hotel and were very happy with the choice. Our reservations were booked online and there was a little glitch in that I choose the Affinia Gardens hotel and the reservation was at their other NYC hotel. This was changed without much delay, thankfully. The rooms were spacious and clean. There was a small kitchen with a large refridgerator. I only had one complaint and that was hair in the bathtub drain. I noticed the tub was not draining properly and examined the drain. I removed the previous occupants hair and the tub worked fine from then on. I have worked as a maid in the past. We were taught, Get all the hair out of the bathroom! I think this maid needed a refresher course. Do not let this minor detail bother you. This is a great hotel with a great mid-town location. It is only about 2 blocks from the subway. We never had to use cabs. We bought the week-long subway card for $24 and went everywhere!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>BBVRome
<Content>Good for families My family and I spent a couple of nights at Affinia Gardens just after the new year. We were looking for accomodations which would suit our young family (2.5 year old and 4 month old). The suite was just perfect. The fold-out couch was good for the older and the younger stayed in the bedroom with us in a travel cot. Having a kitchen was great for a first early breakfast and there was plenty of room for everyone to have their own space. (there is a CVS at the end of the street which sells all the basics you need for a quick in-room breakfast and the hotel provides coffee and dishwashing soap. The rooms were big by NYC standards. Having lived in this area of NYC in the past I was happy to return to this location which is close to good shopping, Central Park, the subway, etc. but out of the hustle bustle of the Times Sq hotel zone. I was also attracted to the hotel because of its in-room spa services, but unfortunately didn't get the chance to use them! The only problem was street noise. Our room was on the front of the building on the 2nd floor and the garbage trucks were loud. We were so tired at the end of the day it didn't really bother us, but naptimes were quite loud and didn't make for easy sleeping. (Ask for a room on the back!)The location is great though and for NYC the price wasn't too bad. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>plays88keys
<Content>My Favorite NYC Hotel Tucked away in the quiet residential area of the Upper East Side is NYC's best kept hotel secret - Affinia Gardens. For less than the cost of a hotel room you can stay in a large studio or one bedroom apartment with plenty of room to spread out and be comfortable. Each unit is equipped with a full kitchen, complete with granite countertops, and there are two grocery stores a half block away. The bathrooms are clean and comfortable and the hotel provides Aveda products. The beds are comfortable and there are a variety of pillows from which to choose - down, memory foam, buckwheat etc... In the lobby fresh coffee and tea is served daily. (The Affinia custom blended tea is to die for!) The staff is friendly, helpful and efficient. In fact, I can't think of a single negative about this place.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SBV7
<Content>Excelent location - Very confortable rooms We stay at Affinia Gardens for 3 weeks. Outstanding staff and very comfortable rooms. Just 2 remarks; 1. Windows noise isolation is very bad so you ear any little noise on the street specially trucks at night.2. Bathroom is to little for a 1BD suite.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cathybrburns
<Content>Great Location And Staff At Affinia Gardens My husband ,17yr old daughter and myself stayed here from Dec 18-23rd. We also were travelling with another couple and their 17yr. old daughter. They raved about it! It was through Trip Advisor that I even found it and all the reviews were basically positive and being a flight attendant for 28 yrs service and location along with quietness is what I look for.! The location is 215 E. 64th st. and there are a ton of resturants to choose from by just walking around. The rooms are very nicely sized with a seperate kitchen that is small but has all the basics. I like having a refrigerator and coffee right in my room. The staff there is above and beyond in every way. SUPER nice knowledgeable and gave us very good recommendations! Try the Jackson hole resturant across the street. VERY good prices for New York. Also Brian the manager was very helpful in recommending Portifino's . Italian of course. The rooms are quiet other that street noise from sirens etc. It is after all New York. I will definately recommed this to Passengers on my flights and anyone I know going to New York for a very nice place to hang out. Taxis are reasonable and you can see the city better than the subway. I hope this helps because I really like this place and I sure like reading reviews and that is how I decided to stay at the Affinia Gardens! C Reilly Seattle  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PTrailFamily
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Great Staff! Had a terrfic stay at the Affinia Gardens. I chose the hotel based on the reviews. My wife, daughter and I have traveled to NYC a couple of times a year for the past 10 years - always one time in December.We used to always stay at the Stanhope on the Upper East Side but a few years ago it was sold and converted to luxury condos. I am fairly particular about where I stay and we have been searching for a new spot. We have stayed at several different hotels in the City over the past few years - some very well-known, some obscure - but didn't have much luck until our recent trip. The Affinia Gardens is a great hotel, simple yet inviting, with a wonderful staff and great location for us. It will be our new place to stay on all our trips to NYC. If you like being on the East Side, but want to be close enough to attractions and great restaurants, then you want to stay here. We stayed in a junior suite with a kitchen. The room was very clean and comfortable and had its own thermostat so you could adjust the heat. It had two cozy beds and plenty of room for the three of us. My daughter said it felt like home and she didn't want to leave.All of the front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly; offering advice as needed. Other than the Stanhope where we were regulars, the front desk is by far the friendliest and most helpful that I have experienced in the city. One gentleman even let me take his parking space near the hotel - something he didn't have to do. He was leaving as we were checking in. Kudos to the manager for having such a nice staff.Lastly, the tea room in the lobby is a great feature, especially on cold days in the city! I would highly recommend this hotel and will return on our next trip!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlueWoman
<Content>Great Neighbourhood, Massive Rooms I chose this hotel mainly due to the great feedback they had. I have to say that I was impressed with the hotel before I even got there. The receptionist Latoya was really helpful and arranged a Limo to collect us and to have a bottle of champagne in the room, she even emailed me a day beforehand to let me know the name and number of the limo driver. The hotel is on the Upper East Side and E64th Street has some beautiful properties. We stayed in a Junior King Suite and had a garden as well. The bed was massive and the pull out sofa bed was very comfortable. The kitchen was nicely equipped and the extra dressing area was well appreciated with 3 women trying to get ready. The welcome we received on booking in was great as well.I only had one minor gripe and this was that it took 3 requests to get bedding for the sofa bed, but every other request was attended to. All of the reception staff were really friendly and always said hello and greeted us with a smile. It had the atmosphere of a family run business which I much prefer. There was no noise at night and the garden was fantastic when it started to snow. The receptionist also recommended a town car to take us back to the airport and organised it all for us.I was a little disappointed that when we asked to extend our checkout time the receptionist was initially going to let us have it free, but the manager intervened and wanted to charge us a half day charge of $260 which we thought was a little excessive. They stored our bags with no hassle at all.I would definately recommend this hotel - the majority of the staff were extremely helpful and went the extra mile. The service I received at Affinia Gardens is definately well above many other hotels I have stayed in. Try JoJo down the road and right next door Alice's Tea Cup. Jo Jo is probably one of the best restaurants I ever ate in.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel-Happy-Girl
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Location and Really Helpful Staff Just returned from our first trip to New York, stayed at the Affinia Gardens after reading all the great reviews on Trip Advisor, and they weren't wrong.It's not really plush, but the rooms are great - fully equiped kitchen, two really comfortable double beds, lovely bathroom with aveda products.In a really good area, not far from Bloomingdales with some fab places to eat nearby.The staff were fantastic, so helpful and just made our stay so wonderful.Can't recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Dr.Mom67
<Content>Shaky start to a great holiday I stayed at the Affinia with 3 friends for a girlfriends getaway weekend this fall and would choose this hotel again. I can really only complain about the first five minutes of our stay, when the clerk announced that the our 1 BR suite was not available and had been changed to adjacent, not adjoining studios. I never did get a satisfactory explanation for this rather arbitrary change, and no apology, but we did end up paying the same rate for more space and two bathrooms, so in the end it worked out allright. The rooms were clean, quiet and well supplied. The smallish bathroom was luxurious, and ours had a separate makeup area. Kitchen was well supplied and we could have cooked a full dinner there, although there is no dining table to eat at! It was fine for breakfast. As with the other Affinia I have stayed at (the Dumont) their big asset is their staff. Aside from the bewildered clerk we met the first night, the staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and really went out of their way to make sure that our stay was seriously fun. Krys, the concierge was incredibly helpful, having alternate restaurant suggestions and getting our reservations when the places we wanted to go were booked up. He spent about 10 minutes finding us a cab as NY was grazed by a hurricane, sparing our going out clothes from getting soaked. I must say that in general, I found service in New York to be top notch and friendly.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whizzyPerth
<Content>Affinia Gardens - enjoyed by Ozzie family       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LoniB
<Content>exeeds all expectations We landed in affinia garden's lobby on 7:30 AM after a 12 hour flight with our 20 month old baby girl. The receptionist let us into our room within five minutes and won our everlasting gratitude. The room itself was bliss. A white haven with plenty of room for play and rest, a small kitchen and best of all, a large patio all to ourselves. There was a bit of noise from construction in the afternoon but we were so tired and the beds were so comfortable we hardly noticed. The hotel's staff was exeptionally nice and concerned to the point of offering people umbrellas when walking out on a cloudy afternoon.All that in the lovely upper east side, within walking distance of central park, the Met, fifth avenue and more and very close to the subway. We reserved our room through quikbook and found great last minutes rates compared to other manhatten hotels and it was really worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Linda39
<Content>A perfect stay My husband and I stayed at the Affinia Gardens for 3 nights while visiting our daughter and her husband on the Upper East Side. We had a jr. suite and found it spacious, beautifully decorated, and immaculately clean. It overlooked a pretty green space with a water feature. We especially enjoyed the coffee in the morning and the delicious selection of teas they offer all day.The neighborhood is convenient, quiet (for NY) and it offers a diverse selection of excellent restaurants. Two favorites are the Asia Grill and Mediterraneo. Both are nearby on 2nd Ave. There is a Food Emporium a block away which we enjoyed as our suite had a complete kitchen. A CVS Pharmacy is on the corner. We arrived early on the first day of our stay and flew home late on the day we checked out. Both times they took care of our bags for us. I cannot praise the friendly atttitude and professionalism of the staff highly enough. They were all terrific. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caz1949
<Content>What a great hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Upon arrival they did not have a room with two beds as i had requested on booking but gave us a room with a king bed and sofa bed and promised to change rooms the next day. Not only was this promise honoured but we were upgraded to a one bedroomed suite with two beds.The room was huge and kept really clean. It was lovely having kitchen facilities and the microwave came in very useful.The staff were very polite and helpful and helped us to obtain tickets to a soccer match that my son wanted to see, as David Beckham was playing.I highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again if i returned to New York.The surrounding area is very safe with loads of nice shops.The hotel is very quiet.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKAmber7
<Content>Loved Affinia Gardens We are an English family of four with two teenage girls. This was our first trip to New York and we chose this hotel because of the quiet location and large rooms. It was such a relief after 15 hours travelling to arrive at a hotel in another country and not be disappointed. The hotel was relaxing, the rooms were spotless, beds comfy, staff very helpful and friendly. There was plenty of space for the four of us and the kitchenette was great for breakfasts and snacks. We were only two blocks away from the subway and great shopping and restaurants. Central Park was just 10 minutes walk and there was a handy grocery store just down the road to stock up on essentials. We had a fabulous holiday and would definitely stay at Affinia Gardens again, we felt we had chosen the right location as hotels in mid-town would have been too noisy - highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lulu1679
<Content>Horrible Service yes the rooms are very spacious. But the staff is extremely rude. I got into arguments with the Manager at the front desk twice during my stay because he just didn't know what customer service is about. He kept saying: Ma'am, you ask me a question, I gave you an answer, what do you want. The housekeeping staff doesn't do a very good job either. They only make your bed and give you new towels. Don't even bother to tidy up the place. In addition, they will pop into your room early in the morning without knocking on the door!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shmb
<Content>Please don't tell anyone about this hotel! We stayed here in a 1 BR suite with two adults and three small children. This was a phenomenal deal. The room was very spacious and well decorated. The beds were comfortable and the kitchenette was great for small meals (e.g. bagels for breakfast). The staff was also very helpful and my daughters loved the little tea room in the lobby.I also like that it is in a real NYC neighborhood - not midtown or, god forbid, Times Square. If you want to be a hardcore tourist, this may not be the hotel for you.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redsuitcase
<Content>sooo great!! we've been staying here for years. we love this place. great location. friendly staff. we've never done much cooking, just breakfast and the kitchen's great for that. bed's are comfy. only problem this last time was the early morning trucks and all the construction noise.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nytraveler17
<Content>This Place is Great! This hotel is an excellent and affordable find in Manhattan. I stayed there years ago and recently returned for a weekend visit. The staff is very friendly and welcoming but the best part is the size of the room! It's decorated in a nice modern style and is almost like having your own apartment in town. It was clean with a very comfortable bed. Additionally, the neighborhood is quiet and provides a nice break after a day or night out. When I'm in NYC visiting this is the first place I'll look to stay. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leonardnero
<Content>LOVE this hotel What a wonderful place to stay. Close to the most lovely streets in Manhattan (and just a stroll to Bloomingdales, Bergdorf Goodman and Tiffanys, credit cards watch out!!), quiet, extremely large and comfortable rooms with the most friendly and accommodating staff. Would stay here again in a flash, only problem is since we booked it appears the rates have almost doubled - we were lucky to snag a very competitive rate of about US$225 per night plus taxes which, for this quality, is almost unheard of. So it appears the secret is out! Hotel just down the street from JoJo's, a great restaurant where we ate probably the best dinner of our whole trip. The beds were amazing, bathroom excellent, furnishings were simple and attractive. The only tiny gripe was the kitchen was not stocked with adequate cooking utensils/equipment so a proper full 'home-cooked' dinner at night was not really possible (would have liked more bowls, servers, pots and pans and vege steamers etc - but you could manage I guess and most people probably don't eat in the hotel when in such a city). But that is a very minor fault. All up, highly recommended, although wondering if, with the apparent new price list, people might just go to The Peninsular instead? Thanks to the Affinia Gardens staff, they made our stay totally enjoyable and do an excellent job.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TangWong4
<Content>Comfortable Accomodations Stayed a week at the Affinia Gardens in late June, requested 2 queen beds for family of three. Extremely comfortable and spacious room, with an excellent staff, from bellmen to front desk to room personnel. Had a problem with the room's internet connection, which turned out to be a problem with the floor's internet connection. Transferred to a room on a different floor with a working connection (necessary for this partial business trip). Hotel is a couple of blocks away from the 6 subway line, which took us to most of lower Manhattan, including the Theater District. Near to the hotel are Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Frick Collection, as well as Central Park.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LHooten
<Content>Fabulous Affinia! Affinia Garden is an amazing, AFFORDABLE find in NYC. The website doesn't disappoint---the hotel lives up to everything described and more. The location (Upper East Side, near Central Park) was an easy subway ride to all of Manhattan, but was a relaxing, quiet break fromthe hustle of the city. The staff was actually friendly, kept the room in pristine condition (they even washed our dishes daily), and offered helpful suggestions.The best part, though, was the room---spacious and sharp in a modern but fun decor. The beds were really comfortable, the hotel has a pillow menu, and there was more than ample storage. (The only complaint I had was that the bathroom was very small, but how much time do you spend in there?) The full kitchen had granite countertopsand Wolfgang Puck coffee.I'd stay here again---our family of four had lots of room and our sleep-loving members had plenty of quiet in the morning. Yummy teas in the lobby, great movie and T.V. selections for relaxing, and an atmosphere that capped off our visit to NYC in a great way!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Londoner_08
<Content>Wonderful experience at Affinia Gardens I spent two nights here on a recent vacation in New York. I chose the Junior Suite and was rewarded with a huge room, adequately sized bathroom, and very handy kitchenette with everything you'd need to self-cater. Quiet for New York too. My room wasn't ready when I arrived at 3pm, but was ready within the hour and I was compensated with free wi-fi for the duration of my stay. They offer free loan of mediation and yoga kits so you can recharge your mind as well as body.Overall, a wonderful couple of days and definitely somewhere I'd return to.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>OxTraveller07
<Content>Excellent stay at the Affinia Gardens       Wohnzimmer 1  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>RoelSmelt
<Content>Great spacy appartment, friendly personnel and great service Great spacy appartment, very nice and friendly people at the reception, actually all personnel was more than friendly.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>treishag
<Content>Room        Lobby  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LazloNashville
<Content>Outstanding Hotel! This was my first stay at the Affinia Gardens Hotel. I've stayed in many places in NYC and the Affinia is my new favorite. Three of us, all men, needing separate beds, were accomodated way beyond our expectations. Our suite was huge, tastefully and comfortably furnished. The room was ultra clean and was kept that way every day by our housekeeper. The lobby staff and bellman were proactive and creative without being pushy or presumptuous. That really impressed me. We had 3 flawless nights and days. And the bedding was terrific, even the sleeper sofa. I may never stay anywhere else in NYC. This hotel just rocks with good service and great vibe! And I'm terribly picky.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsweegee
<Content>Almost like home! We are making our third trip in May to see our daughter graduate college and couldn't imagine staying elsewhere! The penthouse suites are amazing and spacious, very much like being at home! We hosted a reception there last year for 15 and had plenty of space with a beautiful view from the wrap around balcony. The staff was most helpful in all aspects and we will do the same in May for the post graduation reception.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbhslo
<Content>Wonderful stay, large room! I stayed at this hotel during February of this year. It was really a pleasant surprise. . . .the rate was quite good, so I was expecting alot less. The staff was quite welcoming, helping me with directions, cabs, transport back to the airport, etc. Everything was done with a smile. The room was incredibly large . ..two queen beds, plenty of closet space, even a small kitchenette! It was clean and unbelievably quiet! I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChrisLRocha
<Content>Loved the stay Great hotel, with a large room ,a small but clean bathroom, with Aveno products. The service was wonderful and a always smilling staff. Perfect location with supermarket and drugstore nearby.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wardie
<Content>Fabulous place to stay! My three friends and I have just returned from a 5 night stay in New York and for the second time, we have stayed at the Affinia Gardens - loved it!Staff and management are so friendly  obliging; apartment style accomodation is comfortable and spacious - we even had a balcony , though still a bit too cold in March to make use of it! The location is excellent - lots of nice bars and restaurants nearby and some small boutique style shops with accesssories to die for!! You can probably tell we are females who love shopping!Wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting New York  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>rosey1963
<Content>Great Stay - Clean, Comfortable, Fabulous Service, A+ I went to New York for a weekend with a friend and had a lovely experience at the Affinia Gardens Hotel. The room was huge - my friend and I kept thinking - we could live here! We had 2 queen size beds that were completely comfortable, the bathroom, while smallish in size, was well appointed and they made maximum use of the space, there was a great desk and a separate area to put on your make-up, as well as tons of storage space (huge wall unit) AND a full kitchen (including a gas stove). There is a grocery store less than 2 blocks away and the area was really lovely.The staff were great - friendly, attentive, and had wonderful suggestions. In fact - we had asked where to go to dinner the following night and they remembered and called us the next day to see if we wanted a reservation.I've traveled a fair amount and have to say that this was one of the best experiences I ever had - it felt like personal service with a friendly staff that were genuine and kind.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelStro
<Content>NYC Former Resident - Loves this hotel! I honestly can't say enough GOOD about Affinia gardens. Staff treated you like you were at the waldorf. My husband and I walked all over NYC on a weekend trip and checked into our hotel and much to our surprise - our room was HUGE, CLEAN, COMFORTABLE, Large TV for relaxation, WE HAD A KITCHEN!It was amazing. I used to live in New York and I would honestly say that this is probably the best hotel I've ever seen. DONT go anywhere else!Simply Amazing!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>Huge Rooms For Nyc! The biggest rooms I've had in NYC @ this price!Stayed in 2 different room categories recently.The Deluxe 1 bedroom (which is described as a Penthouse when you get there....and it is!). It was on the top floor of hotel, unbelievably spacious -- a desk/work area (with hi speed internet), big living room  dining room with wrap around windows that looked out to the outdoor wrap-around terrace.If it hadn't been 6 degrees we might have made use of the terrace, that was very large and roomy enough for some lounge chairs  table. The small kitchen offered everything needed - fridge, stove, microwave, dishes, coffemaker, toaster, etc. and the bedroom with 2 queen beds was huge too.,Bathroom was suprisingly small for size of all other rooms, but certainly adequate. Rooms were clean  simple, modern furniture. Not 5 star....but definitely deluxe for the price! Hotel service was great and atmosphere comfortable  relaxing. Location perfect for uptown shopping. Close to supermarkets, cinema, boutiques, great restaurants and only 2-3 blocks to subways.Also had a chance to stay in Junior Suite - the smallest room available and it was bigger than most hotel rooms I've had in NY.Very comfortable for 1-2 people. Had a smaller kitchen, but all the appliances you need, desk/work area, large living space with king size bed and sofa/lounging area. Bathroom was decent size and, again, bargain priced for space you get.This is my new favorite spot to land for a NYC visit.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ItchyFeetBabe
<Content>Great palce to stay in New York We stayed in Affinia Gardens Dec06-Jan07 for ten days.What a brilliant hotel - HUGE rooms, with your own kitchen and a coffee machine. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but they have menues of close by restaurants and you can order deliveries from your room - Crusty Pizza on the 2nd is really yummy. Close to the underground as well - F stops on Lexington and 6 on 63rd - $10 for 6 rides - a bargainTry their relaxing CD and buckwheat pillows - I am addicted to it now  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newyorkwalk1
<Content>Affinia Gardens Gets High Marks We stayed at the Affinia Gardens the week before Christmas and were very pleased with our visit. The personnel at the front desk could not have been more friendly or accommodating, and we even found other guests that we met in the tea bar (great teas, excellent coffee in the morning, and wine and cheese one night each week) to be friendly and in good holiday spirits! We had a 1-bedroom suite which was BIG - the bedroom had two very comfortable queen beds with high quality linens, a living room with pull-out sofa, leather recliner, and large television, and well-equipped kitchen. The size was excellent for three of us, and the location on the east side was perfect for wandering shops and good restaurants. Everything was very clean and up to date -- we would definitely go back!(p.s. Jackson Hole across the street had the best hamburger I've had in a LONG time....)  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LSBurdett
<Content>Not the luxury I was expecting. My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Gardens over the Thanksgiving holiday. The property certainly has some advantages over many New York hotels most notably the size of the rooms. If I were looking for a place to stay with kids this would be near the top of my list just because of loads of elbow room in the rooms.The hotel is indeed on a relatively quiet street with antihonking ordinance signs posted. This did make for mostly quiet nights and even though we were on the second floor, street noise wasn't an issue.We spent nearly $500/night for our room and given that price I was expecting more; this is not what I would call a luxury hotel. The Zen decor seems cheap and out of place. There is a minimun number of staff. Our room had a large stain on the carpet. There is no breakfast offered or restaurant nearby. Worst of all was the fire alarm that went off at 3am one night that nobody in the building could silence. We almost decided to go for a walk to escape the siren's wail but after 10 minutes the fire department arrived to shut it off. No compensation was offerred for our inconvenience.To sum up I think this Affinia met my basic hotel expectations of a quiet room, comfortable bed and good shower. But given the price paid I was expecting more.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	2	1	

<Author>BuckeyeMark
<Content>Keep it our secret because its a gem I hope the Affinia management will not use all of our rave reviews against us by making it an unaffordable destination.I love the location - if you want a more serene day in the life of a New Yorker setting on the Upper East side, this is the place. 4 large blocks from the park, about half that distance to the nearest subway stop, and of course the beautiful Park and Madison avenues.Despite a minor glitch with an arranged car, the staff is exemplary and very customer oriented.Beautiful in a Zen style with a better than average gym.Thank you Affinia  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>keep_on_runnin'
<Content>New York Paradise       Our living room at Affinia  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>melik
<Content>Calm, clean, great service I cannot say enough good things about the Affinia Gardens. The client is king, the beds are so comfortable, the room was enormous, the amenities (bath products, little kits) are wonderful, the staff truly makes you feel at home, and best of all : silent, silent nights. I was there with my husband for a 5 night stay. It is a great location. Central park is just a stone's throw away. But, really, the staff is what makes this hotel special. You can tell that clients are happy and that everyone is there to make your stay as nice as possible. We will stay there again. Oh, and the price!! Wow! Great value.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>val t
<Content>quiet hotel Don't be put off by the fact that this hotel is on 64th St. transport to tourist places easy and safe and it was further up central park so we saw more that the obligatory entrance opposite the Plaza. The hotel upgraded us to the penthouse which was of course very nice but I wouldn't class it as penthouse quality. They are refurbishing at the moment so I am sure that will change. The service was excellent. The staff were so helpful and friendly. They leave little cards with tranquility tips in the room which was a sweet touch. Don't get over excited by the complimentary tranquilty kits though - they are not very exciting! On the whole a good place to stay. There were no entertainment facilities in the hotel which was a shame but we ate out at Asia Grill around the corner on 2nd Ave which was unbelievable good value for money and excellent food.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t0mf00lery
<Content>Tranquility Achieved! Enjoyed our stay at Affinia Gardens. Location is great-proximity to the park, Madison Ave shops  great restaurants. The hotel- Large rooms, friendly staff, affordable.The whole tranquility (in the city)theme has been achieved. From the cucumber water upon arrival, the tea bar, nature sounds in the room, aveda bath products, to the complimentary tranquility kits you can use during your stay (choice between 3 types) it was pampering all around, especially after a long day with lots of walking.Area restaurants- I would reccomend JoJo, which is very close- the west side of Third on 64th. Central Park Boat House was great for all our breakfasts after a walk in the park.Shopping- Bloomingdale's is only a short stroll away, along with all of the great shops on Madison Ave. from 59th to the 80's.Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stropertre
<Content>Huge Rooms in the Big Apple I stayed at the Affinia Gardens June 20-22 with my wife and son. We loved it. The room was huge and immaculate. We had the smallest room category in the hotel, and it was gigantic by New York standards. We had 2 queen beds and more closet space than we could possibly use. The bathroom was not huge, but there was a small alcove with a mirror and shelf which gave ample room to spread out. I stayed at the Affinia 50 just after its renovation. I disagree with the earlier reviewer: the renovation of the Affinia Gardens is every bit as nice as the Affinia 50. Housekeeping was excellent. The housekeeper found a spot on the carpet and called in to have it cleaned without our having to call it to her attention.The hotel was also very quiet. It is across the street from the Manhattan Eye Hospital, but the hospital has no emergency room, so you did not have to worry about ambulance sirens. Our room was next to the elevator. However, we were not at all disturbed by it (the design is intelligent; the elevator is closest to the bathroom, not the beds).Our room was not ready until 2:00 p.m., so we had to check our bags. However, the bellman, Sal was extremely accommodating. He let us retrieve items from our bags and check extra items so we could sightsee comfortably. In response to another review, I am not sure why anyone would wait several hours to check in with Manhattan just outside the door.Because we were there on a Tuesday night, we were invited to a wine and cheese reception. The wine was inexpensive, but quite good (you don't expect gran vins at these events). The cheese offered was above average for this kind of event. What stood out in my mind was that the manager made an effort to introduce himself. He also served the wine. He actually was interested in meeting us and seeing the guests mingle. I have never had such a warm reception at one of these receptions.We liked the location at 64th St. and 3rd Avenue. There was a Food Emporium at the corner which was great for snacks and drinks to store in the full size refrigerator. It also had a deli; we got sandwiches one day when we needed something on the run. I liked being a little bit out of the bustle of midtown. Dylan's Candy Bar was a block away, a big hit with my son.The downsides were minor. The exercise room is modest. I would avoid rooms on the first floor. Two rooms are directly across from the exercise room and 4 steps down from the lobby. The Lexington Avenue subway line is several blocks away, but the weather was nice so we walked or took a cab. I might have felt differently if it was February and I had to take the subway.I paid an average of $265 per night through Quikbook (before adding those outrageous NYC taxes), which I thought was a very good value. I think this place is far preferable to places like the Paramount which offer style, but shoebox sized rooms. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>simmyandernie
<Content>The best hotel in NYC We just got back from a fabulous stay in NYC in THE best hotel we've ever had the good fortune to find-The Affinia Gardens. Not only is the location wonderful (E. 64th  3rd Ave.-4 blocks from Central Park) but the rooms were ENORMOUS! The staff was the friendliest we've ever encountered. I hesitate to let anyone else know about this incredible find for fear of it being booked the next time we go. There's no reason to stay any place else!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affinia Gardens rocked We just spent 5 days and 4 nights in NYC. We stayed at the Affinia Gardens hotel and I was very impressed with the staff and the hotel. The 5 day stay at Affinia Gardens went beyond my expectations of a hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would definetly stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends and family. The hotel used to be an apartment building - the room we stayed in had a full kitchen and enough room to sleep 4 or so people. It also had a separate bedroom with two very comfortable queen size beds with down comforters and a living room. The rooms were very very very clean and very comfortable. The location of the hotel was very accomdating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was coming to NYC. The one thing that really stands out in our stay at this hotel is we got home rather late on Sunday and wanted to purchase a bottle of wine. We asked the front desk if they knew of a place that was open that would sell wine. They said everything was closed; however the person behind the desk had a bottle that she purchased eariler in the evening and they gave it to us for free. The staff was very friendly and it made the stay very nice. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was coming to NYC.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Advisor20
<Content>Highly Recommended We have stayed in New York a number of times and would say that this has been the most comfortable hotel to date. Their focus is on tranquility and they certainly achieve this as much as can be expected in a busy place like NYC. The responsiveness and courtesy of all staff was outstanding and the rooms were big, modern and well appointed. The bathroom although not large was luxurious with high quality toiletries and an excellent shower. Just a few blocks from Central Park, the location of the hotel is great for exploring the park and the upper east side; yet only a few dollars in a cab(c. $5-7) to get to Times Square. Will will certainly consider staying here again in the future.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lbillies
<Content>Oasis on the East Side We could only stay here one night of our 2 night NYC visit but I could have stayed for a week. The room was huge and had a spa-like feeling. Great kitchen with everything we needed to serve our Chinese delivery food. They have menus for the local places and deliver to your room for a $2.00 service fee.Hard to find a good resonably priced place on the East side and this was perfect.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Socrateslunchbox
<Content>Still Great, of Course, But Not the Best Affinia I've been coming to New York during this time in March each year for the past 5 years for the Big East basketball tournament. Three years ago a stumbled upon the Affinia Dumont thanks the Trip Advisor and have faithfully gone to Affinia properties in NYC ever since.This year I stayed in the two bedroom suite with 5+ guys. The suite was spacious, well appointed, clean and all of these adult males fit easily into the room with plenty of space to spare. The hotel has a 'tranquility' theme, accented with an excellent tea bar in the lobby. It's a nice touch after arduous travel.However, this Affinia property is simply not the equal of the Affinia Dumont or the Affinia 50, in my opinion. It hasn't been re-done or appointed in quite the level of style as the others, though similar. The area of town is also a little more sterile, being the Upper East Side and all.Lastly, for the first time, I was disappointed in an Affinia property's service. Though I arrived prior to the 3 o'clock check-in time, my room wasn't ready and wasn't ready until after 3. Also, the staff didn't seem to be in any rush to make it up, though I sat in the lobby, patiently sipping at the tea bar for a few HOURS. Moreover, they regarded the presence of multiple young men (we're all well paid young professionals in our late 20's and early 30's) as somewhat of a nuisance and a potential hazard to the 'tranquility' of the hotel. I was disappointed that I was treated with such little respect after always enjoying fantastic service at Affinias.Still, if you're a couple or a family, I'm sure they'll be as accomodating as always. Still excellent for NYC by any standard and still recommended. Though, next time, I'll probably go for the Affinia Dumont or Affinia 50.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find Thanks to the reviews on this site, I had a pleasant 4-night stay at the Affinia Gardens. The room was large, clean and overall seemed brand new. The only giveway that it was not new were the random stains on the carpet, but its hard to critisize because all of the other elements were well above average. The kitchen is equipped with enough basics to be useful. The bathroom was large, well lit and pristinely clean. I have never seen a bathroom with such ample storage space, a nice plus. Like other reviewers, I too have stayed in other nice NYC hotels like the W, Paramount, etc. in rooms that were plush but way too small and cramped. The Affinia Garden's rooms are not only huge by NYC standards, they are huge for a hotel room, period. A great find in a great location, a good healthy walk to midtown or Central Park, yet quiet enough to sleep soundly at night. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MikeinJaffrey
<Content>A Gem in the Big Apple I cannot begin to tell you how much we enjoyed our visit to New York and our stay at the Affinia Gardens. The rooms have recently been very tastefully remodeled and refurnished in a modern style. Our suite was wonderfully sized with all the conveniences (I must confess we were upgraded to the penthouse on our arrival. A wonderful surprise.) The staff is exceptional, informed and helpful. Upon arrival they asked about our plans, if we needed tickets to any shows, if we had been to New York before, etc. Maps and tour guides were provided. I like small touches too like the housekeeping staff greeting you by name if you met them on the floor. There's a nearby grocery store which is great for loading in groceries for snacking and saving some meal expense. The kitchen is well equipped if you should decide to cook. While the Affinia doesn't have a restaurant, they have arrangements with four nearby restaurants (Chinese, Italian, American-Diner, Hamburger) for delivery for a $2 service charge. Another arrangement with a parking garage two doors down provides for a discounted parking. Great location on the east side, convenient to museums and transportation. I almost hate posting such a rave review if it makes the Affinia too popular. But they earned it.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>treefrogsga
<Content>Large quiet rooms with great service! I stayed for 3 days and was amazed at the size of the room. Having stayed in other NYC hotels, this is by far one of the best for the price. The kitchen was a big money saver and the staff was friendly, knowledgable and helpul. I had to day-sleep needed to change rooms due to construction - they were most gracious. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>michcoop99
<Content>Great Hotel for NYC My husband and I stayed at the Affinia for New Years Eve. I must start however by saying that we lived in NYC for many years and just live outside of the city now, so we are New Yorkers. If people from other places come here they may not be satisfied, but as a New Yorker, these rooms are HUGE and a good price, and extremely nice. I also have to say that I worked at the Waldorf Astoria for YEARS fairly recently, and my mother worked at the Grand Hyatt. I have been into the rooms of New Yorks top hotels - the Palace, Plaza, Hilton, Hyatt, St Regis, etc. I LOVED this hotel. It was quiet, clean with fabulous rooms, I would never reccomend other hotels above this one. You have a kitchen, and a living space - our room was larger than most NYer's apartments. It is not a huge hotel, but that is a good thing, trust me.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dkmr
<Content>Excellent upper east side hotel We stayed at the Affinia Gardens hotel on East 64th St near 3rd Ave in December 2005. We paid under $300 per night the week before Christmas, which was one of the better deals available on the internet at that time of year. This is the third Affinia hotel we have stayed at in New York, and they've all been excellent. It's recently rennovated with handsome, modern furnishings and fixtures. Room was very large with two beds, a lounge chair, a desk, plenty of floor space and a full kitchen. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They have coffee and tea in the lobby, and although they have no restaurant, they have a suprisingly good and efficient delivery arrangement with four local restaurants. This functions like room service except that you call the restaurants directly. The delivery is made to the front desk who puts the food charge on your hotel bill, and then a hotel employee delivers the food to your room. Prices were reasonable and you have access to four large and diverse menus for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We like the upper east side, and this is an excellent hotel in that area.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleHavanaGringo
<Content>Huge suites, good prices, fabulous wheelchair access at Affinia Gardens       Affinia (formerly Lyden) Gardens private patio  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>allaction
<Content>The Lyden Gardens is now the Affinia Gardens - and it's good The Lyden Gardens is no more. Since mid-September, it has changed its name to the Affinia Gardens Hotel, to reflect its ownership by the Affinia Hotels group and a substantial refurbishment from top to bottom. (Note to TripAdvisor editors: best start a new thread for the newly-renamed hotel, perhaps...)My wife and I stayed there in the first week of the new image, and had a highly enjoyable four nights there. A regular guest my wife got talking to said that the new look has resulted in a significant ugrading for the hotel and its facilities, so maybe prices will rise to reflect this.The hotel is situated in a good part of town, four blocks away from the subway, and you might be best advised to ask for a room in the back of the hotel, as this does not overlook a road. We were fortunate enough to have a first floor room at the back, which came with a good-sized patio with seating for four.Our room would have been big enough for four double beds, let alone the two we had. Other room facilities were a small but newly refurbished bathroom, and a kitchen with fridge/freezer, gas cooker, microwave and sink.The Affinia Garden has been repositioned as a Tranquil Hotel, with herbal teas available in the Serenity Bar at the front, opposite the highly organised, efficient and friendly reception.All in all, a good place to stay - we'd definitely return - but expect the prices to rise.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! We got bumped! I made a reservation about a month before our stay at The Lyden Gardens which I secured with our credit card. The morning we left California to fly to Manhattan, I called and confirmed our reservation using the confirmation number. When we arrived at The Lyden Gardens that night at about 9pm we were informed that the Hotel was oversold and that we were being sent to The Sheraton Meadowlands in New Jersey. Needless to say, I was not pleased. When we arrived at the Sheraton in Jersey it was 11pm. The restaurant and room service had just closed. No dinner! The next day we made our way back to Manhattan by about noon. The Lyden Gardens paid our cab fare each way. We waited in the lobby about one hour while they prepared our room. Essentially we lost one day of our vacation. They did send up a bottle of wine, pay for two nights (out of seven) of our lodging. One of the nights they paid for was our night in New Jersey. They also picked up the tab for one dinner we had at a restaurant on the corner. One of the things that galls me about our experience is that if we hadn鈥檛 shown up the first night our credit card would have been charged for the full amount. They are protected. We (as the consumer) are not.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice reasonably priced place The Lyden Gardens is not a fancy, overpriced hotel. But our family loved it and we will definitely stay there again. It is very convenient, near the Upper East, offices, short walk to Central Park. Being between 2nd and 3rd Ave means the neighborhood is not glamorous, but there are lots of restaurants, grocery stores, dry cleaners, etc. nearby. The Food Emporium nearby is a gourmet grocery, and China Fun restaurant was very good but crowded (popular). The Lyden Gardens lobby was curiously small, but clean and the desk staff was always friendly and helpful. The best thing was that the room was large, with a nice sized (for Manhattan), separate kitchen. Also, we really appreciated the broadband wireless Internet connection, which we subscribed for at a modest price. So the computer worked anywhere in the room. We had a room on the third floor facing the trees in back, which was a much nicer view than many hotels and apartments in Manhattan. Also, the exercise room was better than many hotels I've stayed in.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stustar
<Content>Excellent Value, Perfect location. I stayed in lyden Gardens the weekend before Christmas 2004(shopping), Had a great time. The hotel had a very festive atmosphere, the staff were very helpful, you only had to ask for directions or info and they would go out of there way to help. The rooms were spacious and had everything we needed for meals, it was like a mini apartment, clean and tidy.It also has an excellent location, only 5 minuets from Cental Park and the subway, that on the N and the R train will take you top to bottom in Manhattan within 20 minuets (2 for 45st or 5 for 34st), also being off a main avenue is quite quiet for a good nights sleep.I recommend Lyden Gardens to anyone on the lookout for great value that you dont have to sacrifice location or quality for.I will be returning next year.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cata-man
<Content>Not luxury at all We stood in the Lyden Gardens at the beggining of December 2004.The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. Rooms are big (We stood in a 1 Bedroom room with 2 queen beds and a sofa). Beds are not very comfortable, and the sofa is horrible for sleeping. Bathroom is small and a little bit old, but is enough. Think about this hotel as an option if you are not looking for a luxury look  feel hotel.We recommend you the Italian Restaurant in the Room Service. Food is very good and price is OK. The only thing to take into account with the room service is that the hotel charges you a fee for the room service and also makes you call to order yourself the food (outside call). Small hint: Try to get a room with garden views (not street views) to have a silent room.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed   showReview(2860651, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find!   showReview(2715390, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hollyRochester_NY
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Neighborhood   showReview(2609642, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just right   showReview(2593983, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlexCallaghan
<Content>Very nice, and a bargain   showReview(2139516, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed   showReview(1908720, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One's own wonderful welcoming east side apartment   showReview(1723542, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Lyden   showReview(1551149, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our own NYC apartment   showReview(994660, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of Manhattan   showReview(830809, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KLETZ
<Content>Excellent hotel allez y les yeux ferm茅s.       chambre  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mit Kindern jederzeit wieder   showReview(20552244, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo, soprattutto per chinecessita di libert脿 in cucina   showReview(19637499, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in guter Lage, aber teuer   showReview(18537884, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo!!!   showReview(17437898, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehm   showReview(16585113, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16585112, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un'oasi di relax nella vita frenetica di New York   showReview(16585111, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15572689, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Noe_Spain
<Content>Magn铆fico hotel       Dormitorio 2  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(13196397, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert   showReview(11419804, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

