<Author>solyuyitung
<Content>expensive internet       dirty carpet  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	1	

<Author>traveldogs2007
<Content>Loved the Marriott! We stayed at the Marriott City Wall in Beijing for three nights in December 08. This newly constructed hotel is gorgeous inside and out. Check in was smooth and we were given a room on a higher floor upon request. The rooms are spacious and quiet, given that it is alonside a busy street and within a five minute walk to the central train station. The breakfast buffet is excellent and there are many fresh choices, including Chinese, Japanese and Western breakfast choices. There are many juice and bakery choices too. The pool and spa were out of this world. The pool is an Olympic size heated pool that was clean and gorgeous. Now for the spa. I've been to several five star resort spas and this definitely takes the cake. I had a massage that included a bath. The masseuse was extremely professional and obviously very experienced. The bath was in a private room that included rose petals, candles and aromatherapy oils. So relaxing and reasonably priced. They were running a 20% off promotion while we were there, but they are pretty decent without the discount.Great hotel in a wonderful location. Highly recommended  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelcouple247
<Content>Beautiful! Great Hotel--new -clean- first class! Close to the bejing Bus station and many busses run by. Taxi's are cheap. Not a busy area...good for business traveler. Wonderfully exclusive business center! Don't expect the staff to know much English....but they are helpful!CLEAN! Beautiful architecture and room design. If you are an Executive member---they cannot be any more doting!I would give this an A+Yes--consistently Marriott!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sobe71
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Amazing! The best service that I have ever had anywhere! This new beautiful hotel has incredible service and amenities! Absolutly flawless, usualy when I travel I prefer to spend as little time as possible in my hotel and enjoy the local surrondings, thats why I travel. I was blown away by the service in this hotel, five star service without a doubt. Go see for yourself you will be amazed! Bartender Tim and manager Susn Liu in the lobby bar will make you feel at home, truly amazing service! Thank-You Marriott City Wall!Sobe71Terrence Connolly Miami Beach FL.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>siamrachel
<Content>A New Star in Beijing We booked at another Marriott in Beijing, and when we arrived it was not what we were looking for. The location was far out of the city and not in walking distance to any restaurants or sights, so we asked them to transfer us to Beijing City Wall. The other Marriott was not helpful at all, and upon arrival to our new local, we realized they had not even made the booking! The front desk was extremely helpful once we found someone who could speak english. They even upgraded us to a suite once they heard of our problems with the other hotel. We were travelling with our 2 children and they gave us 2 extra beds with no additional fees. The hotel rooms are spacious and beautifully appointed and the staff does everything they can to make your requests possible. The executive lounge was great with a good variety for breakfast and nice canapes which we thought were good enough for dinner!! A couple low points, but nothing serious....1. Restaurants were good, but not into food for children.2. Jacuzzi in women's locker room not working for the whole week.3. Long lines for taxis.High points...1. Excellent customer service! Treated our children excellently!!2. Everything brand new, high quality surroundings with the asian flair.3. Great location, near restaurants and not far from sights.4. Nice toiletries.5. Great executive lounge.Overall, we were very happy we stayed here!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davebevan
<Content>Bad Service problematic location and bad smell in rooms. This hotel is very big with over 1000 rooms. At the same time it is understaffed so be preapred to wait a lot of time for any sort of service.We experienced numerous problems at the hotel:1. Check-in took 30 minutes as there are many guests and few staff. Check-in is Chaos as there are no queues and everyone seems to be standing around and jumping at the first available front desk person. No order with people pushing and shoving.2. Waited 2 minutes to get very basic info from the COncierge.3. Whe we needed a taxi we had to get one ourselves. There was no staff or bellboys to assist. I had to ask a passer -by to assist us to explain to the chinese taxi driver were we wanted to go since there was no hotel staff to assist.4. The hotel is at a terrible location and taxis find it difficult to find. One need to circumvent the are to reach the hotel due to its unique and bad location for transportation.5. The restaurant staff is completely indifferent. Even when the retaurant was not busy you would find 5 servers standing and talking with no interest to provide service to the guest. Talking with supervisors did little to help.6. Most hotel staff are young college students with poor english and virtually no hospitality and service training or experience and theis is why the service was bad.7. Various room problems: The water fluctuates between scolding hot to cold so taking a shower is dangerous and unpleasant. Terrible smell in the bathroom due to suage problems. The rooms have a hole in the floor where the suage passes so you get terrible smells. These issues are not room specific since we changes rooms and in different floors and the problems remained.8. The hotel made mistakes with the reservation. It took many repeated tries to get assistance to resolve the hotel's mistakes. We talked to fron desk, executive lounge reps, duty managers and others many times but the kept promising to solve the issue but refrained form doing so which made our experience tense and tiring.9.The hotel is like a chaotic factory, with too few staff which is extremely undertrained.10. Main restaurant the Marriott city wall bistro has very few options for western dishes and the dinner buffet is primarily chinese with precious few western dishes. Do not try to expect some flexibility in the restaurant as they will only say no -CANNOT.There are much better hotels in beijing for this price range with better service so I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>newroads
<Content>Great experience at Marriott City Wall We just returned from a few weeks in China, and our first stop was Beijing where we stayed at the new Marriott City Wall. We found it to be very comfortable, and the staff more than attentive and helpful. Since it was only 8 weeks old when we arrived, obviously everything was beautifully done. Very well equipped room with every amenity. The staff couldn't have been more delightful. We worked with several different concierges, and they were all as efficient as possible. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast each morning, and the staff remembered us each morning. The guys out front of the hotel, helped with taxi's, etc. were terrific also. We found the location to be convenient as anywhere, although a taxi ride is necessary to get to all the main historical sights. We had a wonderful guide for two days, Johanna, and unfortunately, we do not have her email. If you need a guide, ask the concierge, they can help with setting that up. We highly recommend a guide, car and driver. It is a MUCH better way to see everything very efficiently. She took us to Mytianyu to hike the wall one day. The second day we went all over Beijing to the main sites, including lunch with a family in a hutong. All in all a terrific first visit to Beijing.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PhantasmSingapore
<Content>Great room - excellent value for money!       Bed  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wnnl
<Content>Room for Improvement I liked the location of this hotel (close to Beijing Railway station) and the room itself was lovely (comfortable bed, great shower), but there is certainly room for improvement.Upon check-in, there was some confusion about what kind of room I had originally booked, as well as the late check-out time I had arranged previously. In the end the problems was solved, but it took much longer than it should have. This hotel seemed to have attracted quite a few large tour groups, so there was always a huge crowd at the breakfast buffet early in the morning. The staff were often confused about where to seat the customers (e.g. seating a party at an available table, but the table was actually already occupied by people who had just gone to get food from the buffet). The selection and quality of the breakfast buffet itself was good though, and servers were courteous.Checking out also took a long time because of a mistake made with the breakfast billings. While waiting to have this sorted out, I saw an angry tour guide complaining to the front desk staff because they had failed to give morning calls to his tour group 2 days in a row.Overall my experience at this hotel was still pleasant, because I was satisfied with the room itself. However, there is definitely a lot of work to be done in terms of better organization, management and service to bring it up to par with other 5 star hotels.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>SamVancouver
<Content>A Refuge Just returned from a three night stay in Beijing and while my impression of Beijing was not favourable, my stay at the Marriott Beijing City Wall was a very good experience.The room was very nice and the staff was excellent. I had communications with all levels of staff and except for the maid, had no problems with English and it was always very polite, helpful and courteous. One early morning, I asked for a cab to take my wife and me to church (St. Joseph's Catholic Church), the bellhop hailed a cab and between him and the doorman, they made sure the cabbie knew where to take us. Another occasion of note: when we were leaving for the airport and our luggage was being loaded into the cab, the bellhop handed me a piece of paper with the taxi's plate number and a number to call in case we have problems, and told me to expect the price to be around 100RMB. On our evening returns to the hotel, the staff was always pleasant and greeted us with a smile.The location, while not very central was also far from the maddening crowd, just as far as the driveway! On the other side of the property is the remnants of the city wall and a park, and two subway stops are within walking distance.Starbucks is a 8 minute walk away and there is a Blenz in the Henderson Shopping Plaza (opens later in the morning), if you need your coffee fix.Beijing is not a pedestrian friendly city and subways can be crowded while taxis can get swallowed by the chaotic traffic, but both modes are very cheap.The hotel is a five star property but there is stiff competition out there, especially with the Olympics over. So check the rates.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kuahelani
<Content>It's A Thumbs Up All The Way! Since the Summer Olympics, I decided to visit Beijing and see for myself what it's really like. It was my first visit there so I didn't know what to expect. I chose this property because one of my friends is employed with the Marriott chain and could offer me her Family  Friends discount for rooms. Unlike the other reviews posted, I can honestly say I was not disappointed at this property. Although, I did encounter some problems in the rooms and had to move three times, I was satisfied with the results because the management staff upgraded me to a suite due to the inconvenience. The breakfast buffet in the City Wall Bistro is somewhat on the pricey side (approximately $30.00 US) but there's enough to please anyone's palate. As they say, when you're in a foreign country, you need to be open-minded and experience the culture, as well as, the food. Don't be afraid to try Chinese dishes, as long as it doesn't crawl off your plate, then you should be fine. The Provincia restaurant offers a Tapas type menu so you're able to share your dish with someone. Just be sure to order enough dishes since they aren't full-fledged meals but smaller to feed two people.As for the staff  service, I thought they lived up to the Marriott name  beyond my expectations. If you're going to rate them based only on their language skills (as noted on the previous reviews), then you should be prepared and learn to speak their language beforehand. I'm sure that if you travel to different countries, you should expect English to be the second language and with some difficulties understanding.However, I had no language problem with neither the Concierge, Bell Desk nor Front Desk. As of a matter of fact, they clearly understood any questions I asked and carefully pointed out tourist sites on the map. You just need to speak to them slowly  carefully so that they understand you completely. I should also note that I thought it was impressive to see the hotel GM greeting  assisting guests in the lobby area. It is uncommon since they're normally at their desk or in meetings. I must've run in to him almost daily. If he treats his staff with respect  kindness, it was surely a reflection of their guest service .  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brit-abroad-in-Asia
<Content>New Hotel with Great Decor, Staff still learning This new hotel was beautifully decorated and in a convenient location, with easy access to central Beijing. The restaurants were good, but very few people were staying at the hotel meaning the restaurants and bars lacked atmosphere. The Executive lounge was spacious and the selection of food and drink very impressive considering the number of people using the lounge. All in all, a very nice experience. The only downside was the staff who are clearly still learning their jobs. Concierge service consisted of giving out maps and they were unable to provide any greater assistance in terms of advice or recommendations. And, checking out revealed miss-billings from restaurants which were not easily removed by the front-desk staff.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	2	3	

<Author>th_onthego
<Content>Bright future for new Beijing hotel Newest Marriott property to open in Beijing, and it is big (over 1,300 rooms). Although with separate towers and separate elevators it didn't seem that large. They are still working out some of the kinks and not everything is open yet (for example, shops still under development, one bar not open). Apparently they just did a soft opening a few days before the Beijing Olympics started. I stayed here the 3rd week in September.Good sized room and everything is clean and new. Combination bathtub and separate shower side by side with marble surround. Executive Lounge on 16th floor of one of the towers (there are two towers that have an executive club) is huge and stocked with drinks and goodies to eat and four PC workstations hooked up to internet with bw printers and HP scanners. This is clearly the largest executive lounge of any Marriott I have stayed in. I think it is about the size of my house in California!Cushy Marriott beds and flat panel TV's with CNN, Bloomberg, HBO, MSNBC and all the China TV stations. Individually controlled digital thermostat made for good a/c for hot summer months.Hotel boasts 5 different restaurants. Excellent buffet breakfast in Bistro with eggs made any style, fruit, fresh juice, pastries galore, salads, salmon, meats, and Asian dishes. Lunch and dinner ala carte menus in the Bistro are somewhat limited as to choices ( think they may eventually have buffet at lunch but did not during my stay). Chicken sandwich with avocado and peppers and cheese for lunch was very good. Java+ Cafe has pastries for breakfast and lots of hot and cold sandwichs and fruit drinks, milkshakes and coffee drinks for lunch. Open and bright with cafe tables and chairs. Provincia is supposed to be an Italian/Mediterranean restaurant but only had one pasta dish on the menu. Again, friendly wait staff but poor English skills, poor knowledge of dishes and disorganized service. The menu can best be described as a bunch of tapas type dishes with no real standouts and nothing I could really sink my teeth in to. Two Asian restaurants which I didn't have a chance to try are in the hotel - one Chinese and other Thai/Japanese/Indian food choices. Modern and trendy, open lobby bar and more intimate Ruby Bar (I peeked in but the Ruby Bar is not scheduled to open until late October).Staff's English skills are not the best as compared to other 4 and 5 star hotels in Beijing but you can make do. Lady at the Concierge desk was not very knowledgable (could not locate the Temple of Heaven on map); the bellmen seemed to be more knowlegable.Location - sort of halfway between Silk Market and Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square; ~30 minutes walk in opposite directions from hotel to each of those sights. Very close to subway line 1(Jianguomen station) which is a block and a half from this hotel. Nearby park with parts of old city walls still standing is nice with open space, grass area, flowers, with lots of benches. Other various high rise shopping malls are within walking, subway or taxi distance. If going to any sights along Jianguomen Road (Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, Silk Market, Wanfujian Shopping street, China World, etc.) I would recommend the subway (less expensive, quicker, no connections/transfers and when it rains, taxis are hard to find and want to charge you off the meter). Unless of course you have a lot to carry up and down the stairs of the subway stations.Since hotel is so new taxis may have trouble finding it. My taxi only read the Marriott part of the Chinese hotel card and took me to the JW Marriott instead. Bellman at JW talked to the taxi driver and explained to him how to take me to the right Marriott.Right now they have promotional rates so very good value; not sure what the regular rates will finally be. This could be a really fine 5 star property if the staff service, knowledge and communication skills improve and restaurant menus expand.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>acabeck
<Content>Un hotel muy chulo.       Habitaci贸n  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

