<Author>NewZealandHolidayGal
<Content>Bali Bliss Me and my family had just gotten into the Bali airport it was very hot in there but as we got past customs. We saw a very nice man with a club med sign. He took us to the car and gave us cups of water to have. Be careful at the airport if anyone offers to take your bag for you they will want money when you get to the car.We arrived at the hotel late we were given iced tea and told about the resort and given our wristbands dont lose those. Our rooms were great clean everyday and always water in the fridge and if you ran out just go to the bar and get some more. At the bar you must try the conga its a mocktail and its delicious. The pool there is great with a contest everyday at about 11 great fun friendly staff When you hire a driver he will tell you the time you have so if you go to tanah lot you there for the sunset. The bicycle ride from mt batur is great and worth doing same with the elephant ride. The food had a great range and the circus place is great i reccomend this place for anyone  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>DreamTraveller_07
<Content>Great Holiday We had a really great time in Club Med Bali!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Frozz
<Content>Fantastic Club Med We stayed in Club Med just before they closed for their 3 month renovation. What can we say about the place other than fantastic, fantasic, fantastic. Six of us went which included my two young ones aged 5 and 2 respectively. Our daughter joined the Mini Club whilst my son was with the Petit Club and we adults had our own fun. The GOs were great with the kids and we really had a peace of mind. I was apprehensive initially as I wasn't sure if my son would follow them but my fears were unfounded. They had such a super time.And the food there, my goodness, the glorious food. We practically pigged out everyday. There was so much to eat and drink.Club Med Bali is the ideal place for families and all those whom we spoke to over there shared the same sentiment. The grounds are huge and beautiful, activities are a plenty, food is great but most importantly the people, the GOs gives a 100% of themselves to make everyone's stay a truly fantastic one. Highly recommend this place and yes, we will go back there.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nkoritz
<Content>Excellent Property with our 3 young children We stayed seven nights at the Club Med Bali and was found the experience wonderful. The staff is top-notch and works incredibly hard . They were dedicated and seemed to take real pride in doing a good job.We have 3 young children (Ages 9,5 and 3) and I the Kids Club was excellent. If you have young kids, I can't recommend Club Med Bali enough. Our kids loved it (and one is a pretty tough customer) and cried when we left for the airport to return home. Each day the Kids Club had a schedule of interesting, educational and fun activities. The rooms were spacious, spotless and very nice. My only complaints of the property are: 1) Painfully slow internet speeds at the Internet Cafe and 2) The Fitness Center could be improved with more equipment. I understand the property is closing Sept-December for rennovations which hopefully will address these issues.Before we arrived, I wondered if we should have stayed at the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons Bali instead of Club Med. Our stay at Club Med Bali was wonderful. I'd do it again in a heartbeat.N KoritzTokyo, Japan(originally from Jacksonville, Florida USA)  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>HHRH
<Content>Faultless! What can I say? This place is paradise.Pool:Huge, tons of high quality loungers, relaxing and exciting.Bar:Excellent service. You think with the all inclusive package that the drinks would be poor quality and they would discourage you from drinking too much. Far from it. The service was impeccable, you would not get better, even at a 5 star hotel. The table service was great and also the pool service. You hardly ever had to get up! The drinks were of good quality including the cocktails. The only things you had to pay for was champagne and cognac.Restaurants/food:The main restaurant was great and had good variety. Nice and open and airy (even though no aircon), I despise cigarette smoke and didn't even notice anyone smoking. We love Club Med style and love sitting with and meeting other people. The other restaurant was great to sit down and relax if you felt like something more intimate and wanted an a la catre service.They even had GO's driving around with late afternoon snacks like ice blocks and pop corn. The beach bar also had crossiants and tea and coffee with biscuits etc. If anything, they encouraged the all day eating and drinking. All tastes were well catered for.Entertainment:The nightly shows were great. The other entertainment was great also; from cocktail parties, wine tasting, limbo competitions, circus stuff, movies in the coconut grove, comedy in the nightclub it was all a ton of fun.Beach:I loved the huge coconut grove with loungers under the trees- perfect for late afternoon. Also- the little hut things were perfect for lounging around on all day.The beach was nice and sandy and was a wide open space with plenty of loungers. (Other properties we walked past had tiny little beaches with not many loungers). The actual swimming area was perfectly fine but not superb.Facilities:A huge range of things to do, we spent 10 days there can could had done even more than we did. Top class- there is everything there and it is all free.We had teenage boys with us who were even allowed to use the band equipment and practice all day with the patient GO's who spent hours helping them learn new techniques with the drums and guitar. This went way beyond what we were expecting and really made the holiday for the boys. We are very grateful. Special thanks to the husband and wife singing duo who were on every night in the bar for all of their time and effort with the boys. Grounds:Immaculately kept. Even nice touches like groundspeople picking up dead flowers on the ground under each shrub. There were speakers under all of the coconut trees with gentle music playing and a mass of colour and great quality plants.GO's:In my opinion, they really made the whole stay. It would be hard to imagine Club Med without them. They are friendly, interested in you as a person and always take time out to talk to you. In particular, the Chief de Village Linoel was outstanding. It was really special to have the general manager greet and talk to you 5 times a day. On our last day he said he would come and say goodbye and not only did he remember what time we were leaving among all the other things he had on, but he showed up right on time. Him and the second in charge (who had been on leave nearly the whole time we were there- I can't recall her name) waved us goodbye all the way out the drive and when we looked back at the end, they were still waving!I can't recommend this resort and Club Med enough. I will be defintely going back and can't wait to see the renovations. Even though it is a large resort, the relaxed atmosphere, friendly GO's and the lack of nothing made you feel like the only ones in the resort.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Baileigh
<Content>A different world This was our first stay at a Club Med and although it is personally not our style, we prefer small and intimate, we had a wonderful 10 days. Club Med Bali treats all its guests like royalty and the staff are amazing. The GO's work so hard to ensure a great hol, especially for kids. Unfortunately our travel agent had slipped up with our room booking and we were not given an interleading family room. This was obvious not ideal having two kids but the Club Med staff soon rectified the error and gave us an upgraded family room at no extra cost. It was the most relaxing hol, lots of activities, loved the yoga and exercise classes. The eating area is not so great but the food was plentiful and there was a huge variety. Our second rooms were clean and comfortable. A great stay.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LoveBali_8
<Content>Had a fabulous time despite initial reservations Stayed for 8 nights in June 08 for the second time (first time 10 years ago). My husband enjoys Club Med and I have accompanied him on 4 stays but I am not so pro Club Med. I haven't found the accommodations to be great and the customer service is lacking. We live in the Marshall Islands so I booked through the Australian Club Med site as this was cheaper than the U.S. site. We arrived about 1:30pm (check in is not until 2pm) and were seated at the tail end of an orientation for Asian families. You do not go to reception for your room key, one of the GOs gives it to you as they discourage you from specific rooms requests. The room we were given was on the second floor so I requested a third floor room in a quiet location. They told us that the second floor room would be fine but I stuck to my guns and one of the head GOs said they would try to accommodate us, which they did. The room was great. Very clean, bright and quiet.The GOs at Bali were excellent and Lionel, the Chief is very personable and visible (he greeted me at least 5 times a day, every day). They were always friendly and helpful. They encourage you to participate in some of their goofy activities but are never pushy. We are active people so we participated in all the fitness classes, tennis, golf, snorkelling, archery, cooking classes and even the trapeze. There is so much to do and something for everyone. The property is gorgeous and very well maintained.We like the large restaurant tables that seat 8 as we enjoy meeting people (the Phuket Club Med had smaller tables and we were often seated on our own). 10 years ago the club was full of gregarious Australians but now English speaking guests are a small percentage. We found a friendly group of Australians and New Zealanders and had the best time. The food was superb. They are closing the club in September for renovations of the restaurant and bar areas. They are going to enclose and air condition the main dining room (it was very hot) and break it into several smaller restaurants. They allow smoking in the restaurant now (you can request a non-smoking section) but not sure what their plans are after renovations.When I arrived I vowed this would be my last Club Med but now I'm not so sure. I haven't seen my husband this relaxed for a long time and I wasn't ready to leave after 8 nights. I would go again in a group.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>nevl
<Content>A majic experience       The view from our room  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clloren
<Content>Loved Club Med I was there March 13 - 18, 2008I can't rave enough about what a wonderful time I had at Club Med Bali. This trip was booked a week before I left... and nothing went wrong.... (i originally planned to go to Mexico but ran into trouble the week before my trip, and found out that my reservation was never submitted to a hotel in Cancun... long story.... and irrelevant to this review... anyway my aunt always raved about this resort - so I I rerouted myself to Bali - )I looked at their website and they were having specials for $1100 for 5 days - all inclusive except for airfare... so I called their reservation office and they ended up quoting me a rate which was even lower than they had online ~ $950... so I asked them to hold a room for me while i look for airfares to get there... which they agreed to do until close of business that day... they also contacted the department that booked air travel and they were able to quote me a rate of $1400 airfare to Bali with one week notice - not bad... After several calls into their reservation office... (I was having second thoughts spending 2 days on a plane to go on vacation) I ended up booking my own flight because I saw that there was another flight online which got me there a few hours sooner... so when I called to confirm my room (single room by the way) they were giving me a rate that was even lower - I ended up paying $850 all inclusive including transfers to/from the airport... ok, so maybe $2250 is a little extravagant for a vacation... but why not? I deserved a little RR...Anyway... my trip was through Singapore Airlines... after 27 hours travel time SFO to Denpasar Airport... I finally arrived Bali around 7 pm... getting through all the papers... got my bags... and outside the airport was a driver waiting for me with a club med sign... from there he took my bag... brought me to an airconditioned van and handed me a nice cold water... What a concept?! that is certainly service for you... We drove probably 15 - 20 minutes and they pulled up to the entrance where a man was waiting for me to step down the van.. hung a lei and walked me to a reception area... folks there's no standing in line here... honestly they had a reception area complete with chairs  tables designated for arrivals... and to my surprise... there were a couple of drinks waiting for me... a glass of water and a nice iced tea plus a wet facecloth to wipe all the sweat that was coming out of me... (ok yes it is quite humid there - it is after all Asia)... so he leaves me to relax and comes back moments later with a key to my room, tells me what is happening for the night, where i can find dinner if i wanted it (buffet restaurant closes at 9) and tells me about the property... when he was done... he leaves and comes back to introduce me to the General Manager (Lionel)... nice French guy... (I worked in hotels for 10 years and the GM never comes to see you unless there is a problem - now folks this is a different experience)... He welcomes me to the hotel and tells me he hopes to see me later that evening... after all this... when i was ready they would walk me to my room... which i requested them to do pretty quickly as i have been in the same clothes for 27 hours (read between the lines here ladies)... The room was clean, air conditioned (sorry i didn't think to take pictures of the room) and had all the amenities I needed... my luggage arrived less than 15 minutes later... so off i went to shower... I layed to relax and didn't see the outside until the next day...Waking up at 6 am to birds chirping was wonderful!! When I looked at the property outside... it was amazing... (you'll see in the pictures)... so I watched a little TV before heading for breakfast... the food was AMAZING... I had the best food on a vacation EVER... and this was the buffet restaurant... They seated me alone my first meal, because i requested it... and soon learned that it's better if I sit with other people... so I did with other meals... There were tons to do... don't miss the orientation at 10 am daily... they tell you what the club has to offer... most are included in the resort fee... I believe individual tennis lessons and spa treatments were extra... they had a tennis court, archery lessons, golf lessons, water sports (wind surfing lessons, kayaking, snorkeling), a circus school - i'm sure i'm missing something here... but you get the idea... look further at www.clubmed.com. At night (every night) there was a show after dinner at the theater and then another type of entertainment after the show... be it dancing with a DJ or live band, or a competition between GO's (employees)  GM's(guests in Club Med speak) there was always something happening... it is up to you to participate in something or not... They even had afternoon entertainment as well... be it music or some kind of activity... or a water polo game by the pool... something was always happening...I didn't do much the first few days except relaxed by the pool, or the beach, walked around, read... even when I was just reading the GO's who walk by always greeted everyone... and asked how you're doing... always a pleasant environment.. My second evening (slept through my first), I spent by the beach bar with a few GO's talking under the moonlight... then I spent the rest of my evenings at the main bar area as I met the entertainment committee who happen to be Filipino's (as I am)... and a few guests who were interesting... We danced the evenings away... the bar was open I think until midnight and most drinks were included... drank with the local wine which was yummy... On my third night, I met Wayan (wind surfing instructor) at the bar... Somehow all the alcohol I had consumed had given me the courage to ask him to teach me to wind surf.. (i am not the most athletic person in the world, but I was always curious about it... my cousins, brother, uncles all know how to wind surf)... he agreed to teach me the following day... so I made a date for the next day... I showed up at the beginners class around 10:30 and he patiently taught me and another guest to wind surf and soon found out that this sport was not going to be easy.... but i'm proud to say, that I can now wind surf... Thanks Wayan... The afternoon, I had a driver and a translator who took me around some parts of Bali... (i figured I should see some of Bali)... I asked her to show me a place where they make batik fabric, then we went to a couple of temples.... before heading back to the club.Here are the pics... http://lloren-photographs.smugmug.com/gallery/4543362_9wjYg#267635063Enjoy them... Hope you make it to Bali and hope that you enjoy it as much as I did...  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jackster11
<Content>Excellent Hotel Booked into Club Med Bali thru a travel agent after seeing a 2 for 1 offer on the internet. The agent was then able to beat the price I could get over the net so that was even better.Had been to Bali before and really wasn't that interested in returning but the 2 for 1 offer sounded good so gave it a try. It was well worth it, Club Med was excellent, large grounds with heaps of space, friendly staff, good food, heaps of free drinks and plenty of activities to keep us entertained. Stayed 10 days and could've easily stayed another 10.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hong_Kong_Star
<Content>Very pleasant stay We went to Club Med Bali in february for 1 week.The resort is beautiful and the beach very nice.The atmosphere is very relaxed and Lionel the GM is friendly and always ready to make you feel good.The down sides : the food isn't very good. The quantity is there but not the quality.Also, there is some renovation works going on and one wing is completely closed and the renovations works were going on during the whole day (you could hear the noise in the garden).The pool is a bit old and not very child friendly.The good thing is the location of the resort is really great, you can go out easily and there are plenty of shops and things to do close by.The kids club is nice but needs a good renovation (the one for the younger ones).So on the overall it's a nice resort but it needs some renovations (except for the rooms that are very new and beautiful).  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>And42100
<Content>Relaxing and enjoyable We spent two weeks at the Cub Med in Bali and had a great time. The club itself is spacious, beautiful and well maintained. Our room was newly renovated and very clean. We chose the all inclusive option and enjoyed a great range of drinks at the bar in addition to the full board. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is offered in buffet form with a large variety of food. According to the opinion of many Club Med frequent guests the club in Bali is one of the best Club Med worldwide.The club staff was extremely friendy and helpful with the aim to make the guests feel comfortable at all times. There are lots of sports activities (free of charge) such as golf, tennis, fitness courses, windsurfing, kayak as well as other entertainment options (evening shows, games, etc.).The private beach and garden area is very large and a pedestrian walkway leads along the beach for many miles, passing the hotels located directly by the sea. The only thing to be improved is the really slow speed of the internet in the internet cafe on site as well as in the wifi area around the reception and the bar. To connect you must buy a 4-hour internet card from the reception. A good alternative solution is bringing a smartphone or a computer with a Gsm sim card slot and buying a local sim card (there is shop within a walking distance outside the club). If you are happy to check your emails without browsing the web you can be connected from anywhere in Indonesia for a total cost of less than 20 euros for 2 weeks (both GPRS and 3G standards are available). We were told that the club will be closed for some month this winter (2008) for some further improvements. One of these should be the extension of the interent coverage to all rooms.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>denis_from_paris
<Content>Best place for family - Top destination Thanks Lionel for the nice and professional team you have ! Maybe you just should stop dancing French cancan ;-)wonderful location, perfect food high quality, clean and beautiful site.Many activities for everyone (sports, spa, mini clubmed)One of the best stay i've ever had.Hope to come back for Xmas.- close to the airport- Kuta, Ubud 40min  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>jazzcazznz
<Content>Ten out of Ten!!       Fabulous pool area  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Natukko
<Content>Med绁炶┍銇屻兓銉汇兓       闈掔┖銇ㄩ潚銉椼兗銉紒銆€  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	2	1	

<Author>flyingturtle84
<Content>Club Med Bali: Le r锚ve r茅alis茅   showReview(13011914, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

