<Author>781elephant
<Content>Haven in Beijing This hotel was excellent. The rooms were amazing, not so much 'hotel' rooms as they were decorated like small apartments. They had excellent in room electronics, tv in the bathroom as well as the option to connect one's laptop to the tv through cables in the desk. There are many more gadgets to discover in the room from the electronic blinds, bose alarm clocks to the HD tv's but in all the design and facade of the hotel was very impressive.I was there in december and it was decorated as such. The hotel location is right next to the Ritz Carlton hotel which is next to a large upscale mall.Other than that a taxi or car ride would be needed to get to other places. If you check-in in the morning there are delicous mini muffins and small patiseries by the reception desk.In all very nice stay!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>xxxtraveltoday
<Content>Loved this upscale hotel The hotel is beautiful and new. Most taxi drivers don't know where its located. So be such to have the address (in Chinese) and the phone number. Taxi fare was $12 USD from the airport to hotel. Service must be getting better, because I expected problems after reading the other reviews. Elevators are fast and almost soundproof. The room is new, clean and top of the line. TV's in bathroom  room are flatscreens. We had the breakfast buffet which was outstanding. In the evening we also had dinner at the restaurant. No complaints. Very nice.! We found time to use the fittness center, pool and hottub. Very nice atmosphere. Relaxing after a 13 hour flight. I love the Marriott. But the Consigners couldn't recommend a restaurant that was within walking distance. As it turned out, we went out the back door and found several suitable restaurants for dinner.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shanghaiist
<Content>i love this hotel i love everything about this hotel. sure, the service could be improved somewhat, but after living in china for a while, my standards have been lowered considerably. in any case, for china this is a great, clean, modern, hospitable, and efficient hotel. a true gem in a country where service standards are considerably lacking. i stay here whenever i go to beijing and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Orion_RE
<Content>Nice Hotel _ Mediocre Service I agree with some of the other reviewers about this hotel. Great hotel, new and located next to a high end shopping gallery. Its easy to get around in Beijing so the location is just as good as anywhere else. The rooms were nice and well designed. We did not eat at the hotel so we have no comments about dining. The service was slow and it seemed a little uncoordinated. I had asked for a power converter and it took a while to finally be brought to the room. I am not sure when this hotel opened but maybe some of the workers are still green. We waited quite a while to check in and the people behind the counter seemed overwhelmed. Concierge was ok but no where as attentive as what you would expect out of a Four Seasons or Ritz. Pool was ok, but could use better air circulation. Overall the stay was good, but will probably try the Ritz (which is right next door) next time to see if its any better.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>bianchi275
<Content>Loved JW! Stay was excellent. First my friend and I booked a car service pick up from the airport, while it was a little costly 85 USD, it was WELL WORTH IT. They meet you the second you enter the airport, take you thru customs, down to luggage and then right to the waiting car which has water, cell phone (which the hotel calls you and gets your room ready to any preference you might have).The room was great. We had great service. I read the previous review about the bad breakfast service and that is unfortunate, but we experienced nothing like that at all, our stay was 5 days. People were so helpful. We did not speak a word of Madarin and in no way felt hindered by this. I am Asian and so I was concerned that people would expect it, but they were quite gracious as soon as they realized I was english only. Also the door man was great assisting with the cabs. And also JW was great getting us an English speaking guide for Shopping, Sally (the guide, asian but had a western name) was amazing - it was 100RMB an hour. What a deal! Her email is (yiwei1979@126.com. Highly recommend her! Her english was great and she helped with all the bargaining.And lastly we needed a late check out which the hotel accomidated without a charge which I thought was uncommon and generally not my experience at any other hotel.Great place to eat ... Pure Lotus! loved it, went twice. One other tip, if you have an iPhone download BeijinTaxi Guide application it was so helpful! I used it a ton!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dalian66
<Content>Terrible experience I have been here for three days, but I had bad experience about service.1st day, breakfast: I asked tea while the waitress asked me. And I didn't see the tea during my breadfast( they didn't send me tea even if they asked me, maybe I should pick up by my self).2nd day, breakfast: Same problem. But I asked the waitress again after half an hour passed and they sent me tea.3rd day, breakfast: waiting for egg. I required en over- easy egg. Behind me it is one guy with asian face, who speaks very poor mandarin . He ordered the same as mine. There was only one egg left. The cooker asked me wait a little . I was confused and repeated my order again. The cooker kept silence. After egg was done, he gave egg to the man behind me. Incredible!! I was very angry and asked the cooker why. He still kept silence. And I asked manager why. The explaination that I got is that the cooker misunderstood me. I am from China and my mandarin is easily to be understood. I paid the same , and why should I get this treatment?I will never be here again. They have marriot name but no marriot service.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>BSA126
<Content>Phenomenal Facilities...but non existent service       Coffee Machine and water  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>happytraveler168
<Content>Fantastic 5-star hotel! Our family stayed at this hotel for 9 days, and this is the best hotel during our China trip. Definitely a 5-star! Like others said, it is very new and modern, and is located next to a very nice and upsacale shopping mall.Upon arrival, we were upgraded to the executive floor. Our room was on the 22nd floor was spacious - two double beds + 1 rollaway, lots of storage (We stayed at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai later on, and the room in JW Marriott Beijing is definitely better). We had a couple minor problems with the room (it seems like we were their first guests in this room), and they were all fixed promptly.The bath room is beautiful and luxury. Kids enjoyed taking babble bath with flower paddles while watching the flat screen TV. One previous reviewer mentioned there were no outlet and hairdryer in the bathroom - actually they do have those, but may not be intuitive: the outlets are on the mirror wall, and the hairdryer is in one of drawers under the sink.Newspapers and fresh fruits were delviered to room every day. Rooms were cleaned every morning, and beds were turned down every nights, with chocolates and a card with tomorrow's weather forecast.There were fantastic food in the executive lounge throughout the day. Free internet. Food at lobby was also excellent. Great pool area. Great location of the hotel. Anyone working here were so nice and helpful to us. Beijing is a great city. We will be back and stay at JW Marriott again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>purpleclam
<Content>Lacks details of a five-star hotel; not great with little kids I stayed at the JW Marriott for eight nights in August, 2008, with my husband and two young children (4 years and 15 months). We were travelling with a group for the Olympics. If my husband and I had been travelling without the kids, this property would have met our needs well, although it does not quite measure up to five-star standards (see below). We managed fine with the kids but if our group had not been based at the JW we would have preferred another property. There are no adjoining rooms available, so if one wants separate sleeping areas (either for privacy or because the little ones go to sleep earlier than mom and dad) one must be comfortable having the kids in a totally separate room. We were not. Upgrading to a suite was not an option (availability), although my understanding is that the suites do not actually have a partition between the office/sitting area and the bedroom, so that would not have helped us much anyway. On the positive side, the sumptuous breakfast buffet is free for children and there are extensive offerings on the kids menu. In fact, any regular menu item can be ordered for kids at 50% off. Also, the indoor pool is shallow and thus quite safe for the children. The highlights: wonderful showers in the bathroom and fitness center locker rooms; very quiet 鈥?we were next door to another family with small children and only heard them when they were in the hallway; good food in all the restaurants; very close to a metro stop on the main east-west line; next door to Shin Kuo mall, with upscale shops plus a huge food court and a play area; prompt, friendly service; fitness center has lots of machines and is open 24 hours; lovely pool, Jacuzzi, sauna and locker rooms. Why this is not quite a five-star property: (1) The rooms are quite small 鈥?we were very cramped in a room with two double beds. A couple without kids, a crib and 3 suitcases would be more comfortable but would still not have a lot of room to move around. (2) Don鈥檛 look under the beds or behind the curtains! Our room certainly seemed clean on the surface, but when I was fishing toys out from under the bed I was pretty grossed out by what I saw. I then started to notice that the cleaning really was cursory 鈥?for example, surfaces were wiped, but residue of yesterday鈥檚 milk-spill were still obvious. Corners were not vacuumed. This despite the fact that housekeeping spent at least 45 minutes to an hour in our room each day! Twice we came home and had to wait, and wait, and wait to get back into the room. I learned to call housekeeping as we left in the morning, and they then came right away and finished up before we returned from our morning excursion. Also, I had brought dishwashing liquid and a bottle brush with me to keep all of our paraphernalia clean, and, oddly, one day those items disappeared. (But at least my cameras and jewelry were untouched!) (3) There is no outlet in the bathroom for a hairdryer, not even the hairdryer provided by the hotel. (4) The desk chair does not actually fit under the desk (thus consuming precious real estate in the room). (5) The flat panel TV is not mounted on the wall but sits on the dresser, thus sort of defeating the purpose of a flat panel! (6) The in-room safe is very small. (7) One night while my husband and I were at a reception on the conference level, an evacuation alarm and announcement sounded. (DO not panic. Do not use the elevators. Please evacuate the building immediately.) I flew up 12 flights of stairs to help our babysitter with my little darlings, only to learn that there was no announcement made on our floor. To be safe we took the kids down anyway. It turned out to be a false alarm, but there was no subsequent all-clear announcement, and the hotel staff made no proactive effort to inform the handful of guests who had taken the announcement seriously. One of my friends finally found the night manager and grilled him until she was sure it was safe to take everyone back upstairs. The next day we received an apology, but it was all very confusing and unsettling. What would have happened in a real emergency, I wondered. In any case, all of these things may seem like nitpicks, but they add up to an experience that is generally very nice but just not top-of-the-line. If you are going to Beijing to shop, the JW is well located. If you are going to see the major sites, I suggest staying downtown. Several years ago we stayed on Wangfujing Dajie, which is much more convenient. Based at the JW we spent a lot of time in taxis (traffic!) and on the metro. Beijing traffic is really quite bad so when considering the comfort level you want in your accommodations, it is really worth considering the distance from sites you鈥檇 like to see. I would probably prefer the downtown Holiday Inn 鈥?not as deluxe, but so much more convenient! 鈥?over the JW for future visits to Beijing.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Calvynz
<Content>Very nice hotel       View from the bathroom looking into the bedroom  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>saccuch
<Content>Couldn't be any better! I don't know how this hotel could be any better! It is a brand new, western style hotel. Perfect in every way. We stayed at top of the line hotels everywhere in China but this was our favorite. If you can, spring for the executive level. It was worth it, although I didn't book this until I arrived. Based on reviews here, my first choice was the Hyatt, which may be more centrally located. But I got a wonderful price for this hotel on the Marriott website so I stayed here. It ended up much less than the hyatt, and got the executive level to boot. The location was absolutely fine, right across from a subway station. Staff was excellent. Highly recommend! Stay here. If you stay here, you won't be sorry you did.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonesUSA
<Content>Fantastic Beijing Hotel Stayed at the JW Marriott Beijing from June 11-13th. Everything about this hotel was five-star from the professional attentive staff, the food, and the room. A business colleague recommended this hotel to me. I am a Hilton Diamond VIP and have been a Hyatt Platinum, but must say that the quality of this property and the experience were exceptional. The property is new, modern, spacious and well furnished. The guest rooms were state-of-the art with abundant lighting fixtures, and state-of-the art connectivity -- in addition to internet access, there are connectors to connect a PC or DVD player to the 42 inch plasma HDTV (multiple English speaking programming options). The bathroom was large and modern with a large tub with LCD TV hanging overhead and a large walk-in shower with overhead as well as wall mounted shower heads.The meal that I had in the lobby restaurant was excellent. And all of the food in the Executive Floor lounge was plentiful and outstanding. The Executive Floor staff were extremely attentive and were remarkable at remembering guests names.I also checked out the hotels fitness centered which is also impressive and ultra modern, including the indoor pool area, spa , dressing rooms, jacuzzi, etc....Perhaps the most impressive moment came on day two of my staff when I happened to walk past the hotel staff member who had checked me in the day before. I recognized her and said hello, Lisa to which she responded hello, Mr. Jones! Wow!A few options to consider, for a reasonable fee, the hotel can arrange to have an English speaking greeter meet you right as your exit the plane -- before customs and immigration. Who will show you where to go, and then meet you again when you clear customs, and take you to a hotel arranged car pick up. Something to consider for the first time traveler to Beijing.Taxis are inexpensive in Beijing, so access to the various business districts, shopping, and tourist sites is easy. The traffic, however, can be brutal. One day by business colleague and I elected to try the subway nearby. It was well modern, well-lit, and air conditioned. It was navigable for a non-Chinese reader like me (so long as you have some familiarity with subway maps). The automated ticket machines have an English language option, the stops are all labeled in English (e.g., Tianemen-East), and the subway mays on display in the the subway cars electronically show the progress of the train.If I have any future trips to Beijing, I will definitely return to this hotel! A totally first-rate experience from beginning to end. Wow!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Margouille
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed at the JW Marriott in April for a few days of discovery.My husband had been in Beijing for a few days for business meetings and picked the hotel as it was convenient to visit his clients.The hotel is not close to Tiananmen square/Forbidden City but makes for an easy trip from the airport or to go out to the Great Wall. Taxis are easy to get to go to the Forbidden City or the Summer Palace. The silk markets are close by.The service in the hotel was fantastic. My husband had organised a pick up from the airport for me and they greeted me as soon as I got off the plane (before clearing customs or immigration).The rooms are very nice. The hotel is brand new. We had a room in the club level and therefore access to the hospitality suite. The food and selection of drinks were perfect. We also ate in the restaurant downstairs. The buffet is well worth it.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelbeat
<Content>Its really a 5 plus star I am sitting in the JW Marriott in Beijing as I write this review and could not be happier. First the property, it is a new hotel that has everything you could ask for. A full spa, an indoor pool, great restaurants, beautifully appointed rooms. The bathroom is eligant with all the needed bottles including things like tooth brushes. I can tell you that if you can't like this property you need to find a new attitude. But anyone can built a nice property given enough money. The real value of this hotel is in the staff. My hat is off the the HR department. One number, all the staff speaks english and most speak it very well. Number two, the staff is not only very friendly but also very, very willing to help. They make it a point to go one (and sometimes two) step more then what you would expect or require. When you leave the hotel you enter into a city where english is not used too often so any help you can get before you leave goes a long way. Like the card you get that has the hotel name and location written in Chinese so you can easily get a cab back. That card also has the Chinese for a dozen tourist spots. My compliments to the management.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasAg_NC
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star quality hotel       The hotel solution for privacy when taking a shower or using the toilet.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>NeldieG
<Content>Highly Recommend this Fabulous Hotel I went to Beijing blindly, not knowing where to stay or what to expect on my first visit to Asia. I went with the trusted name of JW Marriott with fingers crossed that it was the right choice. I couldn't have choosen a more fabulous hotel! The staff went out of their way to accomodate any need, spoke English, and the property is stunning. Lovely modern decor with no expense spared on furnishing, materials, flowers, candles, and so many details that made the place feel like home for me. The gym was, by far, my favorite place to visit and I went everyday because it is so inviting, offered great equipment, and state of the art sauna, steam-room, jacuzzi, rainshowers, heated pool louge chairs, and a lap pool. The restaurants...delicious, with a super-friendly staff. I would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat, and highly recommend it to others who appreciate a modern feel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>texantasha
<Content>Fabulous brand new hotel Hotel opened in NOV'08 and makes for a very pleasant stay in Beijing. We paid to upgrade to the Executive level (worked out at about $70 a night plus tax extra) and was worth every penny. Breakfast in the Exec. lounge is more than adequate but you should splurge at least one morning and eat in the main restaurant on the lobby level. The selection is huge, offering everything from continental, cooked, fruits, dim sum section, Japanese, Indian, omelette station and the list goes on.....Travel time to/from Tianamen square took c. 20-30 mins, but Beijing traffic is bad anyway! The spa, pool and gym area are out of this world. Attention to detail is obvious here. The area surrounding the hotel is quickly becoming an upscale shopping district with names like Gucci, Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo on the door-step. They've bull-dozed a lot of the Hutongs to make way for this, consequently it doesn't particularly feel very authentic or 'Chinese' there, more like 5th Avenue in NY. Aside from that it was a great stay and the hotel staff is very keen to help.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

