<Author>travelertoHK
<Content>great, BUT - should i thanks for the EARPLUGS ????? Great location! great style! great view in breakfast!stayed there a couple of time and loved it!BUT - on the 29-30th floor of the hotel they have a very chic, nice and noisy bar, that is very popular and attracts the crowds from the other bars and Lan Kuai Fong.in our last visit there we got a room on the 28th floor.having a good night sleep was IMPOSSIBLE!!! it was SO SO NOISY!!!when we called the reception they offered us to use the EARPLUGS they put next to the bed and said sorry no other rooms available. later (about 1am!!!), they said they found a room and offered us to move! (of course we didnt at that late hour!!!)it can be understood that by openning this bar during a weekend night they can get more than double their income from renting out all 95 room of the hotel, but being so caring and such a high quality boutique hotel, i think they should show some respect for their customers and not rent out the top floors. (during weekdays the noise was still acceptable).if anyone considers stayin at LKF on a weekend- all good, but first think about the noise problem:TOO HIGH - too noisy form the Azure bar on the 29th floor.TOO LOW - too noisy and too close to the hassle of Lan Kuai Fong.(i guess a room in the middle floors (15-20) will be ok, but never stayed there.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>ahretirement
<Content>Chic Excellence in Lan Kwai Fong Beautiful well equiped rooms, the best location in Central Hong Kong and a wonderful staff. Great bedding. Truely a 5 Star at a bargain price in Central Hong Kong. Please don't bring your children. Lan Kwai Fong is for adults. Don't miss Azure on the 29th Floor.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingMom11
<Content>Fabulous Hotel, Great Location Fabulous Hotel!I recently stayed at the Hotel LKF in Hong Kong for 9 days. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton ( Closed now) and the Landmark Mandarin Oriental on previous visits to Hong Kong. The Hotel LKF is a fabulous value with beautiful well appointed rooms and excellent service. It is located in the Lan Kwai Fong area which is quite busy and I was worried about the noise levels I had heard about from the local bars but I did not find it disturbing. There are heavy curtains in the rooms which drowns out a lot of the noise. The area is very busy but once inside the hotel all is calm. The location is perfect for exploring the Central, Soho and Lan Kwai Fong area. The staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. i would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelLover014
<Content>Great for Business Trips I stayed at this hotel for five nights in October when I was in Hong Kong on a business trip. Before the trip, I had looked at the hotel website which made it seem like it was an okay hotel, but not particularly nice. But it was much better than expected. The room was a nice size, modern and with a large bathroom. The hotel offers a turndown service and they put cookies and a hot water bottle in the room every evening. There were also complimentary bottled water in the room as the hotel did not recommend drinking the tap water. The hotel restaurant is on the 29/30 floor and has a great view. The breakfast buffet was lovely and very continental. I had smoked salmon, scrambled eggs and rolls every day. I loved the trendy decor in the restaurant.The hotel location was also very convenient and central. It's in one of the main bar streets in the area, so for people who don't like noisy areas, it might not be the best option. The hotel does not have a pool, but I would still recommend it to people who go to Hong Kong on holiday. The price, location and comfort of this hotel could easily make up for the lack of some of the facilities typically found in a big resort.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tyler_R
<Content>OMG I loved the Hotel LKF! Booked one of their 600 sq. ft. rooms on the upper floors and loved it. The room is more like a junior suite and you can even pull out a wall to seperate the sitting area from the sleeping area. No problems with noise but i had a room on an upper floor and specifically requested it not to be facing the LKF side.Excellent deal for Hong Kong and i would recommend it to anyone who likes a hip (think W) hotel in a central location.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HotelExpertML
<Content>Truly comment by 10-year-traveller I have over 10 years tavelling experience in Hong Kong and I have stayed in different hotels in Kowloon side and Hong Kong side, such as Shangri-La, Conrad, JWM, Four Season, Kowloon Hotel and Marco Polo; I think Hotel LKF is the best hotel and they can porivde the best service even better than Four Season Hotel does.My company has the corporate account in over 10 hotels in Kowloon and Hong Kong Island (Central  Admiralty). Only Hotel LKF can provide the most stable and reasonable price (Also always upgrade me to Deluxe room plus special gift EVERY TIMES). I went to HK with my wife in last year. Even my wife's birthday is 2 days after the check-out date, they also gave us a surpirse of a birthday cake and a small gift. It really surprised us and it never happen in another hotel. They have a very good check-in procedure. They do the club floor service for all the guest. Even I booked the standard room, they do personal VIP check-in, serving me the welcome tea and explain all the room facilities to me. I never take extra time to stand at the lobby for check-in) They have a very lovely coffee machine and provide unlimited illy coffee. (unlike the facility in Island Shangri la, Conrad and JWM - they have coffee machine but old and useless). They have a too big TV - 42inch.For the service, the reception, reservation and sales' staff are very professional and helpful. At the reception, almost all of them can address my name; they are smaily and aggressive. (esp Yani and Hawk). They also tailor made a trip schedule for my wife and 3-year-old son when I was in meeting. At reservation, they always provide updated and patient service since i always change my booking. For sales, I have the corporate account in Hotel LKF, they always update me the promotion package and do the excellent follow up. It is almost 12 hours time different from USA, they still answered my call and and email even it was 10pm in HK.Only two complaints - they have 95 rooms and those rooms are different style, design, color and view. Every time I do not know what kind of room will they provide upon I check-in. If they can show me the picture and let me choose, it is much better. Complaint 2 - They have the choice of one king size bed or 2 queen size beds in the room. But you can only get 1 king size bed in the suite room (not 2 queen/king beds), so I need to pay for the extra bed for my son last time I stay in the suite. It should be a bit flexible.For me, I do not think it is noisy even though it is in Lan kwai Fong area. I am quite sensitive of the noise but I cannot find this problem. I hightly recommend Hotel LKF for all the traveller / business man  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaulD-UK
<Content>Boutique style I have stayed at the LKF a few times when on business. It tries to be avant-garde and sort of succeeds.This stay I had my family with me so we had 2 rooms, a suite on a higher floor (26?) and a twin on (20 or 21) for my 2 teenage daughters. These were comfortable and spacious enough. The interiors were modern and the bathrooms good, although beware the slippery marble floors. We didn't spend too long in the hotel as it was just 1 night and we had been busy tourists all day. We were all very tired when we went to bed - so I can't specifically comment on the noise issue from this visit, but the party does go on through the night at street level so if you do want a quiet area, this hotel should be avoided!The main gripe this time, was that we arrived at about 8.30am and the rooms weren't ready, which wasn't exactly a surprise. However, there were really NO facilities to deal with us. We had to change in a toilet. A very good hotel would have developed some superior washroom/shower facilities for people like us.We also couldn't have a complimentary breakfast on the top floor(which from previous experience is rather good) because we needed to leave at 7am and were too early. It didn't matter as were getting on a plane and would get one anyway, but.....Overall, it was ok, mainly because we were rather undemanding.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ldavisfl
<Content>Lots of glam, lots of glitter After staying at the Hotel LKF, I can't quite figure out what market it is trying to serve. On the one hand, it is expensive and tries to be glamorous, but on the other, it fails on the basic check points of a good hotel, making it a sub-par choice as a business hotel. The hotel reminds me of an uber-chic trendy restaurant that aches to be popular but that everyone knows will be gone in a few years.First, the good. The hotel is stylish, the bed is sublime, the staff is enthusiastic (more on that later), and the location is the best you can get in Central (right downstairs is the famous Lan Kwai Fong district). Unlike some other reviewers, I had zero noise issues on my 21st floor room). I can imagine there being noise on a lower floor near the weekend festivities, so if you are a picky sleeper, ask for a high floor or look elsewhere.The provided amenities are very nice (they even provide ear buds/q-tips). They provide a giant flat screen TV and you can even plug your mp3 player into the provided amp and the music will come out of ceiling-mounted speakers (I'm not sure if your neighbors above would appreciate this... I didn't use this feature). Also provided is a DVD player. They even provide a fancy European coffee maker in your room that I never used, in addition to the usual tea kettle for tea. (I think many of these boutique features are useless to the average business traveler, and I doubt leisure travelers use all of them either.)Now, the bad points. First, the bathroom. Although the bathroom looks right out of Architectural Digest magazine, whoever designed it put form before function. It's impossible to shower comfortably. They provide a tub with a hand-held shower only that you can attach to a wall bracket for standard showering. When you attach the shower head to the wall, the water shoots more out at you than down, spraying water all over the place. The tub is adjacent to the building's exterior window, so the water even hits there and runs past the edge of the tub (there's actually a special drain down there for this). There is a standard shower curtain which easily touches you because the tub is not wide. The lavatory faucet, although beautiful, is also awkward. Instead of having separate hot and cold valves, there is only one valve. The water gets hotter the more you turn it. This provides no volume control, so that if you want warm or hot water, your only choice is to have the water blasting out at incredible speed and splashing all over the counter. This wastes tons of water too. The plumbing issues are all mere annoyances, however, because the maid comes and cleans it all up anyway, right?Between the toilet and the rest of the bathroom is a piece of floor-to-ceiling plate glass. The glass is not frosted for privacy, so it really serves no purpose other than providing the maids something to clean. Also, it is very easy to walk into it, especially if you try to use the bathroom without turning on the light. If I were the Hotel LKF owner I would rip this glass out and no one would miss it. Or better yet, replace it with an opaque material like bamboo to provide a small sense of privacy when using the toilet.The bathroom had the typical card asking guests to save the environment by hanging your towels on the provided hooks if you didn't want them changed. I tried this but the maid took the towel off the hook anyway. Perhaps the maid didn't know what the card says?The room is fully outfitted with buttons that control every light you can imagine. I found this annoying because in the dark you don't know what to push. I just started pushing buttons randomly if it was dark. This is not really the hotel's fault, I admit.Surprisingly, to complement the futuristic lighting controls was a cheap manual thermostat (not digital) that did a poor job of controlling the room temperature. I was always either freezing or warm. The humidity (ever present in HKG) was poorly controlled too. I think the AC was too strong for the room, so that it would shut off before the humidity had dropped. If you wanted a dry room, you had to really crank down the temp low. The maid tended to do this every time she cleaned, so I would come back to an ice box. The internet service worked fine but it's overpriced. It's even more expensive than at business-class hotels such as Shangri La and Intercontinental (I've stayed at both). The breakfast (mine was included with my room) was acceptable but nothing to write home about. It's a small buffet with rolls, cheese, eggs, bacon, etc. Many times I peruse gigantic buffets and only find a few items I actually like. I actually liked most everything at this buffet, but it could use a few extra selections. It would be nice if they offered a few Chinese items, such as steamed vegetables or dim sum. Also, the buffet never changed at all during my stay. It was exactly the same day after day.The hotel has no gym or fitness center, but provides complimentary access to the gigantic (by HKG standards) California Fitness about one block away. If working out is important to you, you will appreciate this. I used it every day. The only annoying aspect to this is that you have to ask for a pass every day you want to go, upon which the desk staff has to fill out forms for you that you sign. This seems overly complex. Why can't they just provide a pass card with begin and end dates? Make sure you explicitly ask if your rate includes gym access. I asked, and they seemed to put a lot of thought into it before answering yes.I sent laundry out to be done. My jeans came back significantly lighter than they were when I sent them out. I confirmed with the desk staff that they send the laundry outside the hotel, and when I described my jeans they awkwardly replied they would look into it. The staff of the Hotel LKF was a paradox. They were certainly friendly and cheerful (my floor's maid delivered a smiling good morning to me very time I saw her, no matter if it was 8 am or 5 pm.) Some of the desk staff seemed excited to be there, as if it was their first job, while others seemed detached and bored. What they lack is what established 5-star hotels like Shangri La, Intercontinental, and Four-Seasons have, which is a blend of confidence and accuracy, service and professionalism. This basically comes down to training, and that is what you get with the big established hotels. Service is their life-blood, and they know how to deliver it well in their large important properties.I might stay at the Hotel LKF again, but then again I might not. If I were on vacation at my own cost, I would look at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel (which isn't actually in Lan Kwai Fong, strangely). The rooms there are smaller, and the chic-level is lower, but it's much cheaper and the typical non-business traveler would be just as well-served. I stayed there once before and found it fine for the lower price and equally good location. For a business trip, you can stay at one of the great established hotels in Kowloon for the same price. But that is Hotel LKF's trump card... it's location. For the price, it offers a pretty nice stay right in Central.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sunny1234
<Content>All Lies!! All Lies!! Don't believe any review on this site about the LKF that states that they had spend a quiet night in this hotel!The provide foam ear plugs at the bed side together with the milk and cookies!!!!I booked my trip for a nice shopping weekend on the hotel internet site. A suite the size of a regular 4-season Hong Kong room and for the prize of the same, almost 5.000 HK$! Unfortunately I did read about the reviews on tripadvisor after the 48-hour cancellation and amendment hotel deadline.So I called the hotel up directly and asked the nice lady on the phone about the noise issue I read about. She said, that it can be a little bit noisy, but that the suite I booked on the 26th floor, so the noise should not be a problem! Lie number 1!When asked if I could still change my mind and cancel the booking, she said yes, but the penalty of one night charge will be applied (I had called 42 hours prior to the 2 pm check in time).She promised to see to it that the room I would get would not face the night life area and busy streets! Lie number 2!I arrived at 2 pm and my room was not ready yet. They did not know when the room would be available as the cleaning staff still had to clean it. So they send me out for lunch or shopping. I returned at 3:30 pm and was escorted to my room with the assurance of the staff that my luggage will be brought up. Lie number 3! I had to go down to the lobby again myself after a45 minute wait to collect the luggage myself.And as lie number 2 indicated, the suite they provided for me faced both Hollywood Road and Lang Quai Fong, the busiest night life areas in town.When I asked them whether the room was a non smoking room as requested they asked back: Do you want me to send up an ash tray for you? No I said I booked a non smoking room. Their answer: Oh all rooms in this hotel are non-smoking rooms. Does this count as a lie? Providing ash trays for non smoking rooms? Lie number 4!I am still at the room, it is 3 am in the morning, I cannot sleep due to the noise. I am not looking forward to the discussion tomorrow with the manager and probably more lies being presented.Stay away!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>ynott8088
<Content>great find good location classy service was in Hong Kong in November of 06and was in a hotel somewhat off the beaten path with minimalstandards of service and a mediocre roomWalking through Central I came upon the LKF and was thoroughly impressed with the hotelfrom the point of booking .to check in ,to the personalized escort to the room (Great staff esp Marco)The breakfast provided with room was excellent and I found at all times the highest degree of friendliness and sincere interest in seeing that my stay was enjoyablethe rooms have excellent views and the amenities are greatwelcome basket of fruit and milk and cookies each night as i recalla little pricey but to this 25 year veteran of the hotel business i suggest you give the LKF a tryMy next stay in Hong Kong will include a return to the LKF  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozallan
<Content>Hong Kong Chic       restaurant  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>strassy
<Content>Over-rated; a shame as could be great Stayed in 2 different rooms as was in/out of HK over course of 10 days in April/May. Second-stint was a suite, which cost almost as much as any luxury hotel room in HK. A suite it wasn't, just a normal room with another half-room bolted on with lots of empty/dead space. There was no-where to put my suitcase or unpack except against a wall miles from the dressing area near the main door. The closet, on other side of the room was squashed into the desk/work area. Despite this design flaw, someone did ensure there were 3 TVs throughout the suite. As other people have mentioned, it can be very noisy - the suite is a corner room facing Wyndham Street, so less noisy than the rooms facing LKF. I had an early arrival and room not ready, so I had to pace throughout HK for a few hours in the morning (not a big problem but a place to shower or get changed would have been nice). Similarly, when I departed for evening flight and wanted to change from sweaty clothes/suit I was offered use of the staff loo, which required finding someone to get a key -- there isn't even a washroom in the lobby, let alone a changing room. I heard 2 different customers complain that their fancy shower was leaking water throughout the bathroom. My gripe is that I almost killed myself by crashing into some silly glass partition in the middle of the bathroom. For these prices, the hotel's accommodation is inexcusible. Oh, and the coffee is horrendous. It's a great location and could be a great little hotel. I cannot recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BarcaBoys
<Content>Fancy hotel but for me fell short of expectations       Toilet  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Smitty666
<Content>Hotel LKF by Rhombus We stayed at the Hotel LKF by Rhombus in Hong Kong and absolutely loved it! The staff were fantastic and helpful, and the accommodation was spacious, spotless and really cool. The location was fantastic, centrally located on Wyndham Street alongside all the happening restaurants, and the bar and club area of Lang Kwai Fong (which, by the way, did not disturb us in any way, it was very quiet!) The surrounding areas, particularly Hollywood Rd, Lyndhurst Terrace and groovy Soho are all within walking distance. So too is the more commercial Central shopping area. I thought it was the best launch pad to see Hong Kong Island and what makes this place tick, and will definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>You need a lot of cash for this Hotel We stayed for New Year  had the most fantastic dinner in the Restaurant on the 31st Floor ( it did cost over 拢100 per person!). The food was superb  was of great quality  presentationThe location is good for this property  it is on the Hong Kong sky-scaper side of the River. The rooms are small  the problem is that they are jam packed with furniture  kit. So enevitably the rooms look cluttered. Taxis are a problem bescause the Hotel is one a side street  access is difficult. Also you may have to drag your luggage up the very steep roads to get to the Hotel.Overall this Hotel is excellent, in terms of location  quality, but on the pricey side.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shoemakerluis
<Content>nice but loud the LKF is very centrally located close to entertainment, restaurants, shopping and everything else. about a 5-8 min walking distance from the Central MTR station. when reserving the hotel I was aware of it's possibly noisy location, which is why I booked a room on the 23rd floor expecting it to be slightly more quiet. turns out I was wrong, our room faced directly towards Lang Kwai Fong and the noise was, well, terrible. if you're not interested in listening to 90's pop music and yelling westerners at 3 AM every night of the week, I'd advice to look for a room on some other than the north side of the building. thank god I had a pair of earplugs or I wouldn't have slept very well, its surprising how well noise travels up and inside!the room was quite nice, the lighting was a bit hard to figure out and we never managed to get one of the lamps on. the bathroom was extremely spacious. a small detail that bothered me was the faucet, it was the type in which you can only adjust it the temperature once its at full blast, which means that washing your hands got your shirt wet and washing your face included a hair wash. small thing, but a bit annoying after several days. service at the hotel was very friendly, the restaurant was quite good.overall we enjoyed our stay apart from the noise, I was going to give the place 3/5 but because of the very reasonable pricing I'll go with 4.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>Pefect location... it means noisy as well... First of all, we can't expect a better location. LKF is simply located in the heart of the very attractive and busy hong kong life, close for shopping in the luxurious Central area and close to the nightlife and cool bars and restaurants and it's a fabulous advantage.Moreover, this is a real five stars hotel with a very polite and efficient staff, an excellent room size with a trendy and very pretty decoration and the best bed i've never had in the past. If you ask for a high floor, the view on the city is fabulous. You can expect a very comfy bathroom with sweet bathrobe, large towels and all the best amenities from Molton Brown.It could be the best hotel in town regarding to the very attractive value and the prime location and style but it's noisy and even if i really like this hotel, it's true, you hear a very strong noise in your room coming from outside, from the busy Lan Kwai Fong street but it's noisy inside as well with the lifts, housekeeping.... Unfortunately, i'm afraid the hotel can't solve the problem and consequently, try to buy some very efficient ear plugs if you plan to stay here.An other bad detail, avoid the breakfast not good at all.But i do recommend this hotel because you'll feel how the vibrant Hong Kong is...  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>avevers
<Content>Once there, great! A real struggle to get there as we hauled our luggage up a seemingly endless set of steps (Wyndham Street) to get to the back entrance of the hotel. Be aware that another road to the front entrance - D-Aguilar street - running parallel to Wyndham is flat.Could not fault the hotel or staff - very polite and helpful. Good central location in LKF area. Not too noisy outside (although we were on a comparatively high floor). Excellent clean room, very pleasant soft lighting, huge TV, great bathroom. Recommended, but get a cab there!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tanseaway
<Content>Great value for a luxury hotel in HK Stayed in the LKF this summer during a stopover in HK after a friend gave her recommendation. Have to say that it was well deserved. Location for anyone with even a passing interest in HK nightlife is nigh-on unbeatable - it is located right smack inside Lan Kwai Fong, HK's bar/club/restaurant district. There's even a lift which takes you straight from the hotel to the drinking holes - and vice versa so that even the most inebriated will make it back in one piece! Shopping in Central and the subway station is a 5 minute walk away. Soho - another drinking/eating neighbourhood - is literally a short walk down the road.All the staff are fluent in English, impeccably manicured, and smoothly efficient - and eager and attentive to boot. Check-in was a breeze.The rooms are large - you wouldn't believe you were in HK. Well equipped for the business traveller with internet access and plenty of power points. Decor in the minimalist modern style - which is to my taste. You're definitely in a boutique hotel here. Bathrooms are large too. Everything was impeccably clean.And best of all, the price for all this was barely credible for a 5-star hotel in HK. Perhaps I got lucky... At any rate, by way of comparison, the Sheraton HK costs more and the rooms are much smaller. (And it's in Kowloon) Unless I have a pressing need to be anywhere else, this hotel is my default choice for HK.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Holidayhaz
<Content>Good Central Hotel Nice modern hotel in a good location in HK not far to walk to ferry/MTR. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Azure restaurant was excellent, I recommend to reserve a table prior to arrival (it gets booked up in advance as a popular place to be seen and its not very big) The room itself was quiet with not much road noise (on the 12th floor) great view from the bathroom although the shower seems to be design over function as more water goes over the edge of the bath than on you! Nice coffee machine and big TV - breakfast was fine and not as expensive as other hotels I have stayed at. Overall I would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for business or leisure, especially if you get a good room rate- you cant go wrong in my opinion, enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SWMJ
<Content>First time in HK First time in HK for biz. Stayed in Hotel LKF. All are well as it comes with a price tag. The room was great, the bedsheet was the real stuff. Staffs were quite fluent in English. The only complaint was about the breakfast. I've stayed there for 4 days and they didn't changed their buffet menu at all. The breakfast spread wasn't big. It doesn't really matter as I'm not a big eater. But at least they could changed the menu and offered some variety to the menu.Also, I could not find any feedback form in the hotel. As for location, the hilly slope makes it a bit challenging esp when you are carrying a lot of things and walking back to the hotel from the bottom of the slope.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rgonzaleztoro
<Content>the best hotel in HK - bar none Absolutely perfect. Excellent location (and I cannot emphasize this enough), spacious comfortable rooms, helpful staff. I cannot think of anything bad to say about this hotel. I would not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ryanmo
<Content>Excellent hotel in a superb location Having spent hours hunting the website for a good place to stay IN HK, it seemed the only decent places in Central were riotously expensive.  I found LKF Hotel which was more reasonably priced than the others - so naturally I was nervous as to what exactly was inferior about it.The answer is absolutely nothing. It is a fantastic hotel, in an amazing central location right in the heart of Central. The rooms arespacious, contemporary and fully equipped. This hotel is as good as most other 5* hotels I've stayed in, and I will always stay there on my future trips to HK.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerExp
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Hotel LKF is located in the Lang Kwai Fong entertainment district. The hotel was quite trendy with comfortable rooms. I was really impressed with the size of the flat screen TV provided in the room that I stayed at. The room was spacious and comfortable offering all of the normal amenities. The only downside to this hotel is there is no sports gym attached to the hotel. It is a 5 minute walk to the California Sports Club which the hotel has a relationship with. Mornings were not busy. I would recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Otocione
<Content>If you like it modern that's for you Brand new and it shows. Minimalist decor very, very nice (for those who like this style).Friendly and helpful staff. Very well located. Smaller than many of the luxury hotels in HK but this is a plus!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>B_Spriggs
<Content>Great location, ok hotel Situated right in the center of Lan Kwai Fong, the location is terrific if you want to be in the center of the nightlife of HK. However, the hotel is just ok. I have stayed several times and each experience like each room is different. Room 2706 is a nice room, 1206 is just so-so and if you get one of the end rooms you will be taking a shower right in front of a glass window exposed to some of the surrounding office buildings (it's an odd feeling for me). Check in and check out can try your patience and check in is after 2 pm. If you show up at 1:30 pm be prepared to wait for your room. Still, the staff is friendly, the rooms are well decorated and comfortable. Try to get a high floor room as the noise below (especially Friday nights) can be bothersome. But, for HK$1,300 (US$170) and the location can't be beat. Be aware there is no fitness center or pool. I will stay here again because of the price and location.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	4	2	

<Author>RobMcCarthy
<Content>Great Hotel experience Stayed six nights and had a great time.Hotel staff were excellent. Room was spacious and two queen beds were so comfortable.Location was just perfect, everything within walking distance.Will stay at this hotel whenever I am in HK and would recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TazDevil3022
<Content>Trully impressed Trully an amazing hotel and superb staff. We went to the hotel LKF by mistake, only after sweet receptionist informed that we are booked in wrong hotel. Only then we realized that the hotel room booked by our friend was some where out of place.We were escorted by frendly staff towards the waiting taxi.. All in all an amazing experience for 10 minutes, we checked into the other hotel and were not satisfied with the place and the room size..SO we decided to come to HOTEL LKF and it was a pleasant change.. We were given a large room on 25th floor and thrown in the breakfast and cocktail in evening. All the happening was going around the corner from the hotel.The restaurant is amazing, service is bit slow but it does make up for the ambience and the view outside.We would definately return to this amaging hotel. The staff are pleasant, location is good and the room size are large.Good luck to all and see you early next year.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>VietnamDave
<Content>Confused Second time staying at the LKF. First time shortly after they opened last year was fine reasonable sized room ok service etc.This time I was traveling with my wife and so took advantage of an email offer from the to be upgraded to a 60m2 deluxe room.On arrival I was somewhat surprised to find that my room was in fact smaller than the room I stayed in previously. Assuming there had been some mixup when allocating the room I rang down to reception to advise them of the mistake only to be told that the room was the 60m2 room in question.As a property developer I am reasonably adept at knowing the size of spaces but anyway measured the room and sure enough it turned out to be 35m2 .I then went down to the reception and spoke with the duty manager who argued rather unconvincingly that a 35m2 room was actually the 60m2 room in their website and email promotions even after he agreed that 5m by 7m equals 35.The compromise was that I was moved back to the room I had had previously which is larger and more suited to a couple although nowhere near the stated size, it is considered a standard room and I note there has been no offer of reducing the price of the room from the deluxe that I have paid for.Probably the next battle on checkout.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>BluebirdFly
<Content>Fantastic After looking through Trip Advisor, we decided on Hotel LKF. It was my first time in HK but my partner who had been before wanted to stay where the action was. The taxi brought us to the back entrance and I was a bit wary but once we got to the lobby, I felt much better. Dexter who worked at reception was so polite as was all the staff at the hotel. He took us up to our room, which I notice had been upgraded and showed us how to work all the wonderful gadgets that you would not even find in a 5 star hotel. We stayed on level 12 which was the lowest floor where the rooms were located. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in. I barely noticed the noise coming from all the bars downstairs. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends even though it does not have a pool or gym, as the amenities in the room make up for that.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leoperation
<Content>Worst hotel-experience ever Had my absolute worst hotel experience ever when I was staying in LKF hotel over last New Year -and I do travel a lot within Asia so I can compare.I had booked a suite through the LKF hotel website which stated I would get airport transfer and free broadband. I thought this was not an extravagance considering the rate, equal to a room in Four Seasons which unfortunately was fully booked. When arriving at the airport there was no pickup. Contacted the hotel and they confirmed I would not be picked up. Lost time and money arranging transport, but thought there might be some mix-up 鈥搕hese things happen. When arriving at the hotel, staff maintained transfer was not included although it clearly showed so on my voucher, confirmation email and on their website! Got a little impatient with them. Made them read it and argued until they finally admitted there was a mistake on their part but they still did not offer any apologies or compensation.Same with broadband. First they said I wouldn't get any free broadband (although, again, it said so on their website), then they said they couldn鈥檛 offer it because of the Taiwan earthquake 鈥搖nless I paid for it. I couldn鈥檛 believe my ears. They obviously took me for someone mentally retarded. It was all pretty insulting.Don't get me wrong, it is not really about a silly airport transfer or internet access -I am quite used to slightly harsher travel conditions and can really do without these luxuries. What really riled me was the attitude of the staff and management.Great service does not show itself when everything goes smoothly, it is pretty easy saying hello to people and asking how they are and all that chitchat. Great service shows itself when there is a problem. That's where this hotel falls short. Actually, some of the waiters at breakfast lacked even this most basic friendliness and courtesy -especially one of the older waitresses who obviously only had eye for the old rich white guests.As a final insult, the manager did not even reply to my complaint-email. In retrospect I was a real fool paying for this since they ripped me off 鈥?as in not living up to their side of the deal. They did finally offer me a transfer back to the airport and a discount on my next stay 鈥搘hich I thought was quite hilarious鈥?Did they really think鈥?Bottom line is these people do not know how to run a hotel.Moreover, being a hotel-designer myself, I agree that the design is typically Hong Kong cheap tacky -sort of IKEA-chique. When comparing the suites with Four Seasons鈥?..well, they just don't compare, sorry. Yes, it's central, but honestly, Four Seasons is a 10 minutes walk away by escalator. Plus it is much easier to get a cab down there -around LKF there are traffic jams galore.When in HK, either go cheaper and spend your money on shopping or go for a real treat and choose a hotel that鈥檚 worth the extra expense. LKF hotel certainly is not.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>jeanniek
<Content>Loved Hotel LKF by Rhombus Having stayed in all the good (5 star) and not so good hotels in Hong Kong over the last 15 years I have to say that Hotel LKF was a lovely surprise. The room was exceptionally large for a Hong Kong hotel, and had two queen sized beds, which were heaven to sleep in, cute couch and table,large plasma and dvd player. We were on one of the higher floors(8 th I think) and our room overlooked Lan Kwai Fong and the city skyline. I was originally wondering whether it would be noisy because of its locality but even though we were there over Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday we did not hear anything in our room.So after reading the other review re the noise perhaps it would be wise to ask for the higher rooms. The bathroom was huge with Bulgari toiletries, and the only quibble we had was that the shower design created a water build up and flowed onto the bathroom floor. We loved the location as Wyndham st has become a major foodies dream, as well as a great area to see art. Most of the major attractions on HK island are within walking distance or a quick bus ride from the hotel i.e.Hollywood rd, the escalator, Soho, the lanes,the Peak tram ect ect. It took us a day or two to realise that there is a minibus stop outside the hotel which drops you outside Shanghai Tang in Central and other destinations, we had been walking everywhere. The other thing we didnt realise was that there is an extra lift that spills you out onto Lan Kwai Fong, and this is a considerable shortcut to many places including Cat st and Hollywood rd, we had been walking down Wyndham st, everytime we left the hotel!!!! I probably would not recommend this hotel to the not so sprightly as it is on a hill and Wyndham st has many little sets of steps. I would recommend this hotel to those who enjoy restaurants, nightlife and socialising (the best place in the world to meet locals, other travellers and expats is in Lan Kwai Fong) art lovers. antique lovers and of course shoppers.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tattoosydney
<Content>The perfect stopover hotel       Bed  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mark8888
<Content>Great business hotel I have stayed here more than half a dozen times now after previously using the usual Shang, Conrad, Marriott, Mandarin and it's the service that makes this place. Yes, it's pretty funky and the rooms are very spacious with a great bathroom. No facilities such as pool but you can walk pretty much anywhere for business or pleasure. Arrived on my birthday to a cake and card and they remember just how I want the room each time. Perfect for the business traveller who is tired of the big chains.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>..is actually in Lan Kwai Fong.       Bedroom area  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Diamondtrav
<Content>Location location, shopping and nightlife   showReview(7473929, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>triclops
<Content>LKF well done       view from the bathroom  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>xksb
<Content>Chic hotel, excellent service    showReview(6891368, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ct.Yankee2
<Content>Great boutique hotel-LKF   showReview(6604776, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FamilyfromBris
<Content>Best value in Hong Kong!!   showReview(6448801, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KeKouKeLe
<Content>Contemporary chic right in the heart of LanKwaiFung   showReview(6440634, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dr_Richard
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel in heart of LKF   showReview(6176927, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>zerogeewhiz
<Content>Nice hotel in a sensational location   showReview(6049283, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>thinzombie
<Content>绔嬪湴銇究鍒┿仩銇ｃ仧銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(23071890, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	4	2	3	5	

<Author>LuckyLucy007
<Content>Excellentes, stilvolles Hotel       Schlafzimmer  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent and friendly   showReview(19638188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Milli88
<Content>Perfekt!   showReview(7539057, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

