<Author>impcinder
<Content>Quiet, clean, comfortable Hotel was outside of the city center, easy 1 tram stop from the Centraal Station (could probably walk). Adjacent to the hotel is the new Muziekgebouw (Concert Hall) and Bimhuis (ranked the world鈥檚 fifth most well-known jazz club) and Passenger Terminal Amsterdam. Take tram 26 (Ijbourg) from Centraal Station, it's the first stop - just walk across the tracks and street.Location was easy to find, very quiet area. Room was clean, modern and comfortable. Bathroom nice layout, shower room was huge. For a center city hotel, the room was spacious. Hotel followed European towel alotment, no problem in receiving additional towel. Fast internet was available at no additional charge. Our room was on the 14th floor and had a nice view of the port.Shuttle service offered on the hour and half hour to Centraal Station, vehicle could only hold 7 people, found it easier just to take the tram.Did not eat at the hotel, did not see any restaurants or food vendors closeby. But, it was not a problem to hop the tram to Centraal Station and eat at the surrounding places or just connet to a different tram. Dam Square was an easy 15 - 20 minute stroll.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Chitown67
<Content>Movenpick and Amsterbike - A pleasant surprise Due some unforeseen changes in our travel plans, we needed a hotel in Amsterdam for a couple of nights right away. We had never heard of Movenpick but it was the cheapest on the list that didn't look like a dive. So we took a chance and booked it. It turned out to be a very upscale business hotel with plenty of amenities, very well appointed rooms and excellent service all around. My only complaint would be the breakfast buffet, which is bad to say the least and expensive at 鈧?3 and should be skipped. The hotel is also about a 25 minute walk from Centraal Station, but there is also a tram station not too far. Another pleasant surprise was Amsterbike, a bike rental place in the garage right under the hotel. The rates were very reasonable (鈧?0 for two days) and I got a nice new bike that looked like a regular Amsterdam bike, not like the usual tourist rental bike. The owner was very friendly and suggested a couple of tours.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>InTheSpa
<Content>Excellent all round hotel Although not located in the centre of Amsterdam, the hotel is easy to access by tram, 1/2 hourly free shuttle bus, taxi or on foot. It is only a single tram stop or EURO 7 taxi ride to Centraal.The out of town location means you get a lot more for your money- we paid about 拢110 per night which is excellent value for the facilities. We didn't have breakfast but chose to head into town. The concierge recommended an excellent place for breakfast just off Dam square.The reception and bar staff are very helpful, polite and attentive. The rooms are spacious and well decorated. The bar and reception area are also well decorated, attractive spaces.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>matarsakzendeh
<Content>Great hotel in slightly inconvenient location This hotel is really quite lovely by most US, UK or European standards and was a pleasure to stay at. The only negative was the location, but the positives far outweighed this and we would definitely stay here again. In fact we immediately booked it upon returning to Amsterdam the following week.Positives:Rooms and beds:The rooms are a great size, and well designed for comfort.We thought the beds were extremely comfortable, nice and firm 鈥?rather than many of the European beds one tends to sink into and wake up with back pain. Bedding was not top of the line like some other major hotel chains, but perfectly comfortable and very clean. The window seat/couch allowing you to gaze out on the great views was very well placed. I imagine every hotel room must have a good view at this hotel. The rooms had every typical amenity 鈥搒afe, coffee maker, complimentary water, fridge, iron. The best part for us was the extremely thick door which killed all noise from the hallway. The rooms are built to isolate you away from noise. Bathrooms:Wonderful. Thoroughly modern, with great amenities, fantastic hot water, and nice water pressure. Even better, they were always cleaned impeccably. The only thing I would change would be the towel quality.Lobby: Adequate and modern. There was ice water, apples or various treats available each day at the reception. Nice touch usually found with Moevenpick. (Now if they could get the staff to smile more....)Internet: Free wireless access in rooms! What more could one ask for! Negatives:Staff: While some of the staff were very helpful and nice most seemed cold and unfriendly. Smiling did not seem to be an option. We spent a long time arguing with one such staff member that we would not be paying an additional 鈥渇ee鈥?on top of our priceline fees. He was adamant in wanting to charge us a nightly fee 鈥渦nique to Moevenpick鈥?that priceline and 鈥渟ome customers鈥?simply 鈥渃annot understand.鈥?The level of condescension toward us could not have been made more clear in this conversation. Needless to say, as per our priceline agreement, we did NOT pay any additional fees. Location and Access: This is really the only major flaw with this hotel. You definitely cannot walk from this hotel to central Amsterdam 鈥?you must take the tram. It comes very regularly but not in front of the hotel. In fact getting to and from the tram stop was quite irritating. You have to either cross a dangerous highway-like street to get to the hotel, or use an overpass that actually takes you to another building -and because of the crazy construction obstructing the way to the front doors, you have two choices 鈥?going up a long series of stairs to a platform and then down another series to get to the hotel doors, or walking all the way around the construction. Either way we always found ourselves nearly run over by the bicyclists that use this street while attempting to quickly cross it 鈥?and then trying to choose the best route to the hotel. Were the other merits of this hotel less, the location issues would have caused me to give it a lower rating. It is the only reason I am not giving this hotel a rating of 5.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	2	2	5	

<Author>TheWheelMan
<Content>Loved Moevenpick and Amsterbike A clean and ultramodern building, the Moevenpick Hotel was a great place to stay in Amsterdam. The rooms are smaller than your average hotel of the same price, but very nicely furnished, with comfortable beds and a great view of the city. A downside was the frosted glass door on the bathroom, which did not shut tight and offered limited privacy. The breakfast, a buffet, was also a bit pricey at 23 Euros. But it was esthetically pleasing, the staff were all very friendly, and the concierge was extremely helpful in booking restaurant reservations, ordering taxis or giving directions. The hotel is also a short walk from Central Station and the Red Light District. I think it's normally pricey, but we got a good deal on Travelocity.In the parking garage under the hotel is a bicycle shop called Amsterbike. You can rent a granny bike - a comfortable and modern two-wheeler - from the friendly shop owner and cycle all over the city, which is the best way to enjoy Amsterdam. The shop also offers city and country tours, but I was there out of season and missed them (though they do offer pre-booked group tours). No matter - you can grab a map of things to see from the shop owner and enjoy them at your leisure. Or, pick and choose what you want to see, and spend the rest of the day just exploring on your own. I really can't express enough that this is the best way to get around and see the sights of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MuppetExpat
<Content>Great View - Scalding Hot Water Spouse and I spent 3 nights in late October at the Movenpick and the view from the 14th floor was spectacular. It was our birthday celebration and they left a Best Wishes Birthday note, a box of cookies and a 72% chocolate bar for us. Very nice. The reviews here are spot on with comfort zones that will please Americans and English speakers, so I won't repeat them. Seems we heard more English than Dutch while visiting. The one down side to this visit was taking the first shower. I couldn't figure out the water spout switch between the tub and shower head. As I was bending over the faucets, I inadvertantly used the right handed control which controls the hot/cold water and not the direction of the water. What happened next is that scalding hot water fell from the shower head and burned my back and feet. My spouse had to come in and turn the water off because I was screaming in pain, nearly slipping on the wet floor from the lack of a shower curtain. It took over 30 minutes to recover from the burn and I had marks on my back the rest of the day. I don't understand why scalding water is allowed to the guest rooms or why they insist on these new fangled switches with no instructions on which way to turn them for a shower or tub filling. The second negative is that we had breakfast in the restaurant at 9am the first morning which was 23 euros each and the hot food was cold which is obscene for the price. Everything was self serve, so the price is way out of the reality of 'typical breakfast service'. We didn't return for another meal. We hope to revisit Amsterdam someday and we will probably select this hotel to stay in again only if we can get decent room rates. The prices for this hotel were way over the top but considering it is a newer hotel, I guess it's justified.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Deutschlander
<Content>Far from Moevenpick Standards We had looked forward to stay there,when we arrived there was nobody to offer any help with our bags as porters seemed uninterested.Receptionist was very kind.After we were checked in,we picked up our luggage and went towards lifts and again no reaction from porters who were looking on internet.Room was nice,good quality furnishings,comfortable beds.TV had no music channels like Viva or MTV available,strange but no big deal.Internet also kept dragging and disconecting from time to time,when we called reception we were informed that there is a problem and that`s all they knew.Breakfast was good but then we noticed that following days some items were not available,and people who clear tables try to get you out of there as soon as possible.Have stayed in Movenpicks before but this one lacks the standards and passion that the rest of Movenpick hotels has.Seems like staff there has no motivation or interest I am not talking about everybody but the ones we noticed.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	1	1	

<Author>Happytraveler2000
<Content>Great Value Walk or one tram stop from the central rail station. Has free shuttle to/from train station.Over looks the water. Got it for $ 115.00 a night on Priceline. Next to cruise ship terminal.Brand new hotel in perfect condition. FREE internet and business center.Went up late and had ice cream sundae at hthe restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaii_son
<Content>A real find for Amsterdam...       TV  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Great Hotel, Awkward Location This is one of the most modern and efficient hotels you will find anywhere. The room furnishings were beautiful Swiss ultra-modern and extremely clean. Views from the upper floors are spectacular and the staff here is first rate. The hotel offers both wifi and wired LAN internet access from the guestrooms. The wifi is free and of mediocre but acceptable signal strength. The LAN access if, of course, much better but costs 0.25 euros per minute, still not bad by European standards. Now for the location. Yes, it鈥檚 within walking distance of Central Station and the city center but it鈥檚 on a newly developed strip of land along the river adjacent to the Muziekgebouw (Music Building) and Passenger Terminal A鈥檇am for cruise ships. The hotel will tell you trams 25 and 26 stop just in front of the hotel at the Muziekgebouw stop and they do. What you will discover, however, is a body of water separating the tram stop from the hotel. A pedestrian bridge (rather steep) connects the tram stop to the Music Building鈥檚 second floor. You must then enter the Music Building (assuming it鈥檚 during operating hours) ride the elevator to the ground floor, go outside, turn left and walk to the hotel. The other alternative is to take tram 25 (only) and ride one more stop to Pass Term A鈥檇am as this tram loops around and crosses the canal. From there it鈥檚 a block or two along walk along the flat sidewalk to the hotel. While I recommend the latter, neither is all that convenient given that there is a tram stop right in front of the hotel but is separated by a canal. What the hotel really needs to do is remove a chain link fence and open a door from the hotel鈥檚 second floor to the terrace so that guest could access the foot bridge directly without having to go up and through the Music Building. So if you鈥檙e looking for a top notch hotel in Amsterdam and don鈥檛 mind the awkward access, this place is for you.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wupohan
<Content>Absolutely fantastic in almost all aspects My boyfriend and I stayed in the Moevenpick hotel for 6 nights in October. We agree that the hotel experience is one of the highlights of our exciting trip. We give it a 4.5 stars rating, not a 5, for some minor flaws.Pros:1. Hotel and Room: The hotel is new unlike many other hotels in Amsterdam. The contemporary design of the hotel building together with its neighboring Muziekgebouw (Music Hall) makes a new landmark. The room is coherently designed also with minimalist concepts. The hotel is built by the water and each room has a beautiful water view through a large window. Its washroom is roomy. I however find its 1/4 frosty glass washroom door with no lock an odd idea.2. Foods and Room Service: Its Silk Road restaurant offers excellent dining experience. But if you are lazy like we were, do not miss its room service. It has an extensive menu. The food is excellent, especially the deserts - hands down!3. Service: The staff is polite and genuinely helpful and seems always available when you need them. There also is training staff on site in hotel's exercise room. All phone requests are nicely handled by knowledgeable staff.4. Location: It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Central Station, which takes you to the airport in another 20 minutes. It's convenient for those stay for a short period of time. It's neighboring Music Hall offers frequent music events (up to 4 events a day) covering classical, jazz and world/folk. The Concertgebouw, which is quite distant from the hotel, often offers more interesting musical alternatives.Cons:1. TV and TV Programming: Its TV is very small. It's difficult to enjoy movies (10 Euro each) on such a small screen. The hotel offers about 32 channels in 8 languages. English speakers get CNN world, BBC world, Bloomberg Channel and MSNBC world only.2. Location: For those who love to stroll in the city, it might be wise to pick a hotel in the city centre. It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Central Station and might take another half an hour just to get to the Dam Square. The hotel however offers free shuttle services to the Central Station by request. There are also two tram (street car - 1.6 Euro per zone per person) lines that have stops near the hotel.3. Gym: Its gym is more like an exercise room. It has fancy equipment and dumbbells up to 10kg. Bodybuilders will not find this facility useful.4. Price: Moevenpick Hotel is expensive, but all good hotels in Amsterdam are expensive. I've stayed in a few hotels at the same price range. Moevenpick Amsterdam is by far the best by a long shot.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EaganTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel and Staff We spent 3 nights at the Movenpick Amsterdam hotel in mid-October. Previous reviews of this hotel are spot on.If you arrive at Central Station and plan to walk to the hotel, exit out the back (towards the water), cross the road and turn right. You will see the hotel as you take a leisurely (10-15 minute) walk along the water. If you plan on taking the 25 tram, exit the front of the station and turn left. Tram 25 departs from the end of the station. We found it easier to disembark the tram at the second stop (going past the hotel) as you did not need to cross the road or walk the ramp. Also, the hotel runs a shuttle service to the station every thirty minutes (hour and half hour) dropping off at the loading area at the back of the station. This is by request and it does not operate if no one is coming from the hotel, but we were able to catch a ride back to the hotel by waiting for the shuttle one day. Definitely use the shuttle to the station as an alternative to walking or the tram. Tram tickets are good for two hours.The staff at this hotel is superb. Very friendly, willing to assist with any questions and there is an adequate number of people in the lobby. We arrived early (8:00am) and knew our room was not ready. The cordial desk clerk gave us keys to the fitness center so we could shower, change clothes and then check our luggage prior to heading into the city.Stopped back after 3:00 pm and our room was ready for us on the 17th floor. Our room overlooked the city and harbor. Marvelous view with boats coming and going, cruise ships docking and the lights of the city. We enjoyed a bottle of wine, great Dutch cheese and crackers in the room each evening just to take in the view. As others have mentioned, the rooms are basic but comfortable. In room safe, refrig, tea and coffee packets provided. Nice size modern bathroom with tub/shower. I still am trying to figure out the crazy half glass shower wall as each time I used the shower the bathroom floor ended up wet. Could use an upgrade on the locker room quality towels. Bed was comfortable but surprised there were no mattress pads. Duvets were o.k. Heat/AC is easily controlled on wall thermostat. TV had many stations in Dutch but a few English speaking stations as well. Lobby has two free computers with internet connections and printer for those who do not want to haul a laptop. Spent our time visiting sites in Amsterdam, a day trip to Harlem (great/charming city) and walking the canals. If you want a great dining experience, have the staff make a reservation at the Fifteen restaurant. Fifteen is located in walking distance from the hotel and was started by Jamie Oliver, The Naked Chef, in late 2004. Fun environment, great food and wine and pleasant young staff. Overall, we would highly recommend the Movenpick to anyone looking for a nice hotel, close to the city central with a great staff.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fibo74
<Content>Loved this hotel       Moevenpick Amsterdam  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leenNovaScotia
<Content>Great stay at the Movepick! I stayed at the Movenpick Amsterdam for 3 nights in September. We arrived late on a Sunday evening (due to Eurostar  IC train delays), but I had emailed the hotel in advance and late check in was not a problem.We booked our room through Priceline (got a great rate) and I requested a room with a nice view. We had a great view from our 16th floor room. The hotel was very clean and modern (and quiet). Our room was well furnished and we enjoyed that the mini-fridge was empty so that we could put things in it (they will stock it with products for sale at your request). A complementary bottle of water was provided each day, and there were coffee and tea making equipment in the room. The hotel room was larger than the other hotels we stayed with during our holiday in Europe. There were lots of hangers, etc for clothes, an in-room safe, and corkscrew provided as well. We ordered room service one night, which was reasonably priced and arrived very quickly (no additional service charge). We also had a drink in the hotel bar one night as well, which was very nice. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, so I can't comment on that.We found it to be about a 10 minute walk from Central Station. In the mornings, we booked the shuttle to the station and would then walk back later in the day.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HampshireDdddd
<Content>Modern, Comfortable Hotel This hotel is located a 15-minute walk from the main city centre. It is a modern newly built hotel, which has a contemporary d茅cor and is well equipped. Bedrooms and bathrooms are above average for this type of hotel and generally the hotel is very clean and staff very professional. If you are looking for a romantic hotel in the heart of the old town with lots of individual character this is not for you. If you are looking for good standard of modern hotel and do not mind the short walk it is a worth staying at.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EdinburghEuan
<Content>Excellent Hotel - slightly off pitch for a city break Modern and clean hotel.Our room was large with fantastic views of the city - great value for money.We stayed for two nights and the hotel had everything that we required. The staff were friendly and helpful (particularly booking restuarants).Our only criticism was the location - you felt slightly out of the way as we were there for a city break. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk to Central Station but it is a boring walk along the side of a busy road. Central station itself is about another 10minutes from many of the tourist areas.Central station has a good left luggage area and so you can leave your bags on the day you check out.Movenpicks are good modern hotels and this is no exception - it is just a shame about the location.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Martin68
<Content>Highs and lows After reading the positive reviews on tripadvisor, I was really looking forward to my short one-night stay at Movenpick but came away disappointed.The location wasn't a problem but realistically it is a 15 minute walk rather than 10 from the station and if you're dragging a suitcase, you might want to reconsider the healthy option. The check in process was friendly and efficient. My booking request for a high floor had been noted and I was given a room on the 16th floor. No cruise ship in dock that night unfortunately but really amazing views. The room was absolutely top notch, just beautiful. Really nicely designed, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was equally impressive apart from the strange lack of washcloths and an extractor fan that whistled constantly like a haunted house.I used the (very welcome) free wi-fi and it seemed to work fine. I slept well and woke up to a beautiful sunrise over the river. So far, pretty good but now for the bad part. Breakfast was included in my room rate and what happened in the restaurant totally soured the entire experience. Without doubt it was the worst service I've ever had in a 4 star hotel.I arrived at 0930 and it was not busy but seemed very disorganised. The range of food and quality couldn't be faulted. The tables were not laid properly so I had to ask for cutlery. I'd been been sat and eating for 10 minutes but not one of the three waiting staff had offered me coffee. Again I had to ask. I had to ask again for a refill (have NEVER had that in any hotel, the waiters are usually falling over themselves to top your cup up). All the time I was there, I didn't see any of the waiters instigate any communication with the diners. Everything had to be asked for.But this is the strangest thing - 20 mins before the end of breakfast service, there was a sudden flurry of activity and the staff started to lay all the tables! They must have laid for about 40 covers when there was only maybe 5 people that came through the door in that time. Unfortunately they didn't even do it properly so a man opposite sat down and had a coffee mug and placemat but had to awkwardly ask for some cutlery. It really was an amazing shambles.So to sum up, a very nice hotel very seriously let down by a complete lack of service in the restaurant. A great shame.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>lebelgo
<Content>Plenty of problems, especially with service       Towels  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	1	1	2	

<Author>AllieandJerry
<Content>Fantastic Hotel. Super impressed---Outskirts of City Centre This hotel would be a 5/5 if it weren't so isolated. The hotel was clean, and very nice. The view of the harbor was very pretty. The staff was some of the best I experienced in Amsterdam. The rooms were modern, clean, and comfortable. Wireless internet is free. (Most 4-5 stars are charging 19-22 Euros for 24 hour access. This is definitely a bonus.) The room had a flat screen TV and refrigerator. ~~Even though Movenpick is technically in the City Centre, it is on the outskirts of it. It is kind of isolated, so activities require a bit more planning, and knowledge of tram system. That is really my only complaint--one has to catch a tram or a cab to do anything. ~~A cab to Leidseplein is about 10 Euro. Your best bet is to use the tram. It operates all over city until midnight. It is a ten minute walk from Central station. ~~HINT: Buy Tram pass at Central Station. (There is a 24 hour option, punch card or week long option. Use it right away to get to hotel.) Take # 25 tram to Passenger Terminal from Central Station and you only have to walk about 1-2 minutes to hotel. ~~If you are trying to get into town, the 25 is your best bet. (26 is also option.) The 25 goes through Central Station, but you don't have to get off. Dam Square is only 2 tram stops from this hotel. Overall, I would recommend this hotel, and am planning on returning this year.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cantik_5262
<Content>Loved Movenpick The hotel was wonderful! I was in Movenpick for IADC conference and exhibition as I was exhibitor there. The staff were very helpful, during check-in I mentioned that I'm a light sleeper and I would prefer on the upper floor. My daughter and I were given a room on the 19th floor with a great view of the harbour etc. My daughter was there for a few days on holiday but I was working during the day and we went out for dinner together in the evening.It's a ten min walk from central station, (take the back exit and take a right you can see the hotel from there!) there are also bike hire places and a canalbus stop outside the hotel. But, we took the tram just a few steps from the hotel when we went out for our dinner. There is shuttle bus from the hotel to Central Station - every half an hour (free).The rooms were large and very clean with tea and coffee making facilities, a good safe, a fridge, an iron and ironing board, the beds were comfortable too.At the end of our stayed, the Concierge were great (dealing with logistic people) as I needed to ship my exhibition things across to UK. Overall, the staff were friendly and helpful as normally I would stay in the central of Amsterdam, we throughly enjoyed our stay in Movenpick.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stephers84
<Content>Loved the moevenpick       the view  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>momokee
<Content>clean and New Hotel This is a very new hotel, it is a non-smoking hotel, which was pleasant. The location is very close to the center, tram way is outside the hotel about 1 mins walk, and there is a bike hire place on the basement of the hotel which was very convenient as cycling is one of the easiest way to get around Amsterdam in the day or at night. The room is very big and the toilet is state of the art. Only complain is the free wifi is on the slow side of things. The buffet was really good, and the dinner at the restaurant is nice with very nice view of the river and the other side.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BrickBikkit
<Content>Nice hotel - limited communication I booked my stay on the phone directly with the hotel as we wanted to book a special summer package. I was not able to book this online.On arrival the staff had my reservation but had not prepared the package for us - a special room rate that included 3 nights accomodation, IAMsterdam cards for 24hrs, evening meal on the first night, and breakfast for the duration of the stay. I had to give the reception staff a copy of what the package included - fortunately I had printed this from the Movenpick website. We encountered a few other issues during the first day of our stay - getting a reservation for our evening meal (which they lost), being refused entry to breakfast on the first morning, and a few minor inconveniences. I took my complaints to reception, who were appologetic and helpful. We had no further problems, and a bottle of wine was delivered to our room with a nice 'sorry' note.The hotel itself is clean, modern, and well looked after. We enjoyed our stay. It is a bit of a trek to town, but quiet and very safe. I wouldn't reccomend anyone try to walk to the hotel from the station with their bags - a shuttlebus is available (phone the concierge to arrange), and it is not as near as it looks! If you are going by Air, take the train from the airport to Centraal station, then a shuttlebus or tram 25 or 26 (stop at Bimhuis Musikegebaum or the cruiseship terminal next door) to get to the hotel - expensive airport transfers are a bit unneccessary if you have luggage you can manage.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>PedroSS_2008
<Content>Bad manners and unable to give a solution       sofa bed  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Pau109
<Content>Spot On My friend and I stayed for two nights at this hotel and I have to say that it was spot on.It is a very large hotel over 20 floors. We were on the 10th floor and had great views of the city. The rooms were clean and well equipped with all the mod cons you would expect. The bathrooms were also large, modern and clean.Despite the size of the hotel and the amount of people staying, I was surprised at how quiet it was. I never heard a thing during the night other than the odd ferry passing by.I cannot comment on the food as we ate out, but the restaurant looked nice and modern although I understand that the menu's are rather expensive.The hotels location is its only down point. It is a little out of the way, but this could be an advantage knowing how noisy Amsterdam can be. It is also about two blocks away from the new Jamie Oliver Restaurant '15' which is well worth a visit.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Liko1
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel! I stayed here with my family for a few days and they all agreed with me that this hotel was wonderful. The combination of the modern design, the many amenities and the friendly staff make this a great hotel. Here's my breakdown:Check in: Was smooth and quick. They spoke excellent English which made it more comfortable for me. The card key is required to operate the elevator which puzzled me at first because I didn't know it required it. Some other guests I ran into also had the same difficulties. I guess it's for security reasons.Hotel: A relatively new hotel so expect it to be modern. Includes a bar, restaurant, gym, sauna and conference rooms. A business centre is available free of charge to guests on the main floor. The lobby has comfy couches, a flat screen displaying the news and a screen displaying train information from central station. A nice touch.Rooms: I can't say enough about these rooms. Again, you need the card key to turn on the electricity in the room. A great idea to prevent wasting electricity. The design of the room is a modern one. Rooms offer a safe, fridge, bottled water and all other amenities expected. Take a look at the photos on this site to get a better idea. The glass door to the bathroom does not fully close or lock (twin rooms). The beds were very comfortable and so were the pillows. One neat thing they offer is a variety of different pillows that may better suit your needs. Call the guest services and you can receive a different pillow. View from the room was good too. A cruise ship docked next door and was quite nice to look at.Location: This is the only part about the hotel that did not exceed my expectations. Located on the harbour, about 10 - 15 mins walking from central station. The area surrounding it has close to no shops or restaurants within easy walking distance. The hotel has made available a shuttle service that runs every 30 mins to the central station that was very convenient for me and my family. Getting back depends on preference. People can arrange a pickup around the same time the shuttle makes the round to the station, or the can take the tram (#26). I took the tram each time to get back and it took 1.60 euros and 5 mins of my time. Taxi is a more costly option. A great alternative is to rent a bike. I think there is a rental spot in front of the hotel. Most (about half) of people in Amsterdam ride bikes because it is the most effective way to get around.Staff: The people who work there are true professionals in the hotel industry. They were always courteous and helpful when approached. Staff were top notch, especially those at the concierge.Conclusion:This is a great hotel for almost anyone. If you can get a good price then it is definitely worth it. During rainy days we looked forward to heading back to the hotel. The location is not great but there are many options available to get back and forth. This hotel made our stay in Amsterdam that much better.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>D3n50n
<Content>Not a typical Amsterdam hotel A real hotel in Amsterdam city centre. I was really impressed. The previous reviews say it all. The only complaint is that you have to walk 10 mins to the front of the station or catch a tram before you hit any cafes, bars etc. as there is little in the immediate area and access to the city centre is obstructed by the railway.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>buttons2008Ireland
<Content>Lovely Hotel The hotel is modern, clean, with spacious rooms/bathrooms and very friendly staff.The service in the bar and restaurant was a bit on the slow side but we soon learnt that most places in Amsterdam were like this!As other reviewers have stated the location of the hotel is a bit of a walk from the city center - about 10 minutes. But in my opinion worth the extra bit of a walk! Or use the shuttle bus (drop off at Central Station) or alternatively the canal bus also has a stop alongside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>liales
<Content>excellent modern hotel we chose this hotel because we were sailing on a cruise departing from Amsterdam, the cruise terminal is next door.Excellent choice for that pourpose, but a bit too far from the City center and the Museums.Would recommend it for people taking cruises, or with a busy work agenda; it is very comfortable for its price.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Moder european style and comfort at a price       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>eylon
<Content>A good choice The hotel's summer promotion proposed 4 nights in an executive room at 586 euros breakfast included. We were given a large and modern room on the 20th floor with great view on the harbor. As many reviews indicate, the hotel is very modern and has all modern facilities needed. It is a 20 minutes walk from the central station (those who say 10 must be quick walkers) but there's a free shuttle every 30 minutes however often overbooked) and also frequent tramway located 100 meters from the hotel. Breakfast is excellent. The only defaults I may state are the lack of clarity of the reservation message (price doesn't include city taxes) and the inability to use a cheap operator to call abroad (this number must be blocked by the hotel) which is meant to forces customer to use the hotel phone which is 30 times more expensive (1 euro per minute instead of 3 cents). I believe this is illegal! However the overall note is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vlod71
<Content>Nice hotel, unconvenient location Business trip in July, I stayed one night at the Movenpick.The room was a superior room with a beautiful view of the city and the bay.The room was very nice, with king-bed, very comfortable pillows and wireless internet service.Buffet breakfast was good and well assorted.The only negative point is the location of the hotel, that is not in the center of the city, but I did not care that much because I was in Amsterdam just for work. Anyway, the hotel offers free shuttle service for the train station (each 30min).Probabily I would choose another more central hotel for a holiday trip.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BridieBrady
<Content>Excellent Choice We have just had a superb stay at the Moevenpick. The rooms were spotless and the staff were very friendly and efficient. We had breakfast included in our rate and there was a huge choice available. We also had some snacks in the bar which were very good and well priced. It was a pleasant 10 minute stroll to the hotel from the station even though I am not a fast walker and like to look around and enjoy the views. I was really pleased that I hadn't booked one of the hotels close to Dam Square which I had been considering. Amsterdam is a beautiful city with lots of gorgeous areas, but Dam Square and the streets immediately adjacent had a really downbeat feel (and appearance) and I was glad that we weren't staying near there. The Moevenpick was beautifully situated and the views from our 19th floor rooms were stunning. We enjoyed getting around town using the Canal Bus which has a departure point right across from the hotel entrance, and we also did a lot of walking which was great in such a flat city! For dinner, we asked the concierge for recommendations, and had some lovely meals out at the restaurants suggested. One thing that may be helpful is that if you get the train into Centraal from the airport, you need to leave the station using the exit that says Noord, then turn right, and you will see the sign for the hotel. If you go out of the main exit it is a bit more tricky to find the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BijouxButtercup
<Content>Too Far Away to Walk! We stayed at this hotel for just one night on our way out of town. The location of this hotel is behind the central station along the river. It is a beautiful hotel and the rooms were nice and large and modern. The staff was terrific as well. The location is not great for anyone planning on spending some time in Amsterdam as a tourist. You can walk into town but it is at least 10 minutes just to Dam Square. And while Amsterdam is a safe city, I would not feel comfortable as a solo female alone at night walking in that area. Another drawback is that there aren't a lot of eating options. There is only one restaurant and it's a more formal, asian themed place. The bar does serve small bites but those are the options unless you leave the hotel. Being very tired from a long trip we weren't interested in walking any distance for dinner.The breakfast was incredible.  There are hotels in the same category much more centrally located. IF! however you're booked on a cruise, this would be the place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CSwan
<Content>Good modern choice just a bit out of the way My wife and I stayed at the Movenpick in November 2007. I liked the hotel because it was modern and clean. The room we stayed in was on average with the size of most I have stayed in in Europe (about 250 - 300 sq. feet). Decent size bathroom with one of those half -glass wall open stall type showers (the floor was soaked by the time I got out). The king bed was two smaller - maybe singles - pushed together. It was comfortable, just odd. My only complaint was that before we figured out which tram to take to and from the hotel, it was a bit of a walk (especially with suitcases on the way in). The hotel is situated to the SE of Centraal Station, and on a tram line, so you can get virtually anywhere in the city right from the hotel. All in all, it was a good stay and I'll stay there on a return trip.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>justanothaday
<Content>A lovely place My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of July. We were very much looking forward to our stay and we were most definitely not disappointed with the hotel. We arrived at about 11am (thinking we were unable to check in til 2ish) hoping to leave our luggage in the hotel. However they let us check in immediately, which was fantastic as it meant we could have a much needed sleep!The hotel was modern and well furnished. It was very clean and we had no complaints about anything. The use of a fridge was good for storing cold drinks etc. The only slight hindrance I would mention with regards to the Moevenpick is that it is a bit out of the way of shops. I mean, Central station is about a 15 minute walk away, but it would be beneficial to have a small shop near the place or something. Despite this, the location had it's perks. It was close to centraal station and because of this when coming out of the station on our first day and trying to look for the hotel we had no problems as the big MOEVENPICK letters were obvious!Overall I would recommend this hotel, it was everything we hoped for and more really. I would go back again anytime. The views were fantastic and watching the boats was pretty interesting. :)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnWDarlington
<Content>High specification and comfortable hotel but... This is a very high specification and comfortable hotel, but we had a couple of niggles.The hotel is situated just a bit too far from the centre of Amsterdam to have easy access, which is what we want from a city centre stay. Also, horrified by the cost of breakfast. Often one does not want much, say a juice, coffee, roll and croissant. There was no alternative but to pay for a full breakfast, at a very high price, which would add almost a third to the room rate for 2 people. Apparently there is a cheaper breakfast available for some guests, but not us, which rather adds insult to injury!We used the cafe under the concert hall next door and had very adequate breakfasts for less than half the hotel price. It opens every day at 10am. and has spectacular views over the river. We found out, by chance, that there was a half-hourly hotel mini bus service to the central station which was invaluable and, if we had known, would have saved us a rip-off taxi fare from the station when we arrived. This service operates from about 7am until around 10pm. Operated by a very helpful concierge desk in the lobby.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hmsoapy
<Content>Modern and Clean! We booked the Moevenpick through Expedia and got a very reasonable deal. The rooms were modern and clean and I really couldn't fault anything about the hotel. It is about a 10 minute walk from Centraal Station, but there is a tram line right across from the hotel and also one of the hop on, hop off boat cruises stops infront of the hotel too which is very handy! The staff are very friendly and helpful. There is also a complimentary mini bus shuttle service to the hotel from Centraal Station, but you need to contact the hotel and book it before you arrive in Amsterdam. This is one of the things we didn't know, so ended up walking with all our luggage. :-)  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phaagen
<Content>5* Hotel For 4 Star Price I stayed at the hotel with my 2 daughters Thursday- Sunday. Got a good price through Hotel Connect. Everything I had read about the hotel was true: Friendly interested staff, nice large spotlessly clean rooms(we had a triple room with modern amenities), ok Fitness, great breakfast buffet, quiet location with nice view of the harbour and the city - but not more than 5 -10 mins walk to the centre, excellent shuttle service. The only minuses I can think off was: Slow cleaning up of the breakfast room when the hotel was full, but don't let that stop you from going - THE HOTEL WAS GREAT.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>potty
<Content>We loved this Hotel We spent 4 days here at this excellent hotel. It was modern ,spotlessly clean, spacious rooms with fantastic views.There are also complimentry computers and a printer in the reception area. Breakfasts were great, lots of choices to suit everyone. We only ate once at night here and the food was lovely. There is a nice bar to relax in too.The free shuttle bus to central station was great and ran every half hourly ,we had to remember to book in advance though. If the shuttle was booked you can catch a tram from over the bridge outside the hotel or walk along the water to central station, walking took about 10 minutes.We found the staff very friendly and helpful throughout the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>n00btraveller
<Content>Awsome hotel at reasonable price Great hotel at a great price. Payed $140 US taxes in. The service and room were excellent. The decor in the room was especially good. The restaurant in the lobby has great daily specials fro 12.5 euro and there is a free shuttle to the trainstation. Staff in the restaurant were especially friendly and very helpful. Which is about a 15min walk otherwise. Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Phool
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We stayed here for a week while our daughter played soccer in the area and found this hotel modern, clean and the staff very helpful. There is a 10 min walk to Central Station, but a tram stops right out side the hotel. We booked through Expedia at around $120/day which I thought was a decent value. All in all we really enjoyed our experience here.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SunchaserPriorLake
<Content>Perfect Stay       Water traffic from our room. Central Station is on the left.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tuuli
<Content>good bargain We got good price trough Priceline; 115 USD = EUR 84 with taxes and fees.Hotel is totally non smoking, modern; rooms are spacious and have clean with firm beds. We asked for a room on upper floors, 12th floor was the highest they had available. Views were good.Hotel is right next to the passenger terminal, 10 min walk from Central station. There is a tram stop about 3 minutes walk from the hotel door and also complimentary shuttle every 30 minutes.Didn't use restaurants, bars, sauna or other amenities except complimentary internet and printer downstairs.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Nykohler
<Content>Amazing views! Managed to get another bargain stay for a couple of nights through Priceline, and I'm extremely satisfied! The location whilst a bit of a walk from the city centre, has a tram stop right outside, so not a problem getting anywhere in the city very quickly. The hotel is brand new, with a great modern style, very clean and good facilities. The staff are very helpful and friendly. Best of all however is the amazing view across the whole of Amsterdam from the rooms. Being right on the river, we spent several relaxing hours just watching the boats coming and going while the sun set. Wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>flaii
<Content>Awesome decor and views! I loved my stay at the Movenpick. It was slightly far from the city center - even though only a 15 minute walk to Central Station, keep in mind that Amsterdam is a city where it only takes 15 minutes to cross from Central Station on the north side of city center, to the south! So 15 min walk is sort of a while. There is a shuttle to the station if you can plan in advance (need to reserve, although the times that I took it I was the only passenger!). In the near term, it is very convenient to the Stedelijk Museum CS, the temporary location of the Stedelijk. The hotel is only about a 5 minute walk to it.The hotel is really gorgeous inside, with an awesome bathroom. The bathroom was bright, clean, and contemporary without being unnecessarily trendy. I asked for a nice view and got an awesome one. I could see the trains, trams, boats, and planes of the city, plus all of Amsterdam city center (that should also give you an idea of the distance to the tourist parts of Amsterdam). Sometimes I just felt like sitting in my room, admiring the view, rather than touring the city!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Ashlyn2
<Content>Lovely Modern Hotel This was the first night of a European coach trip and was the best hotel we stayed in. It was very modern and clean with a great bathroom. The view out the window in the morning of a large cruise ship passing by was awesome.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>KerrytheBerry
<Content>Great Hotel - No Disappointments Here My husband and I stayed at the Moevenpick in Amsterdam for 3 nights. He had travelled from Australia and I met him off the back of a trip I was having in Paris.We both were thrilled with the room we were given (ask for a harbour view) and the windows were able to be opened for fresh air! Yes.The service at the Moevenpick was absolutely fantastic - not once were we disappointed. The shuttle bus into town was there for anytime with just a little notice and the staff were full of great information.The restaurants and bars were great and everything gets a full thumbs up from us.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Mary Lykes
<Content>A Near Perfect Pre and Post Cruise Experience This is a new, clean, modern, non-smoking hotel adjacent to the Cruise Passenger Terminal. It is not downtown but it is close to it. There were many nice free touches in the room including a fridge, safe, wine glasses, tea/coffee and a bottle of water. We enjoyed the menu of different pillow types, view of the river, free internet in the business centre and apples or water when checking in. The hotel was relatively quiet as compared to hotels closer to the city centre. We did however hear faint rumblings from the numerous trains across the street. The highlight of our stay was the super friendly and helpful concierge service - at all times a concierge was both visible and available. For us, they reserved and operated the half hourly shuttle to Centraal Station, provided luggage storage and advised on travel times to the airport. They were always happy and spoke perfect English. Do not be put off by the distance from Centraal Station. It is either a pleasant 10 to 15 minute walk along the river, a free hotel shuttle ride away or a 3 minute tram ride. It is not difficult at all to take the train from Schipol airport and get to the hotel with luggage.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dotcom
<Content>Great Hotel - Shame about the staff Got a great rate on name your own price from Priceline, I love this hotel and have stayed here a few times now. The rooms are great and the views are amazing. Although a little away from everything, in my book its a bonus and the hotel's about 10 mins walk to Central Station.One let down are the staff, can often be rude and abrupt at check in and for a 3 night stay my room cardkey failed each day - I was told this was because it was near my phone (stayed here 3 times before and never happened) then it was because of my bank cards and various other excuses but not one apology... thats all it would have taken.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	4	5	

<Author>hg4ever
<Content>Great Great Great Hotel This is a wonderful hotel and I would recommand everyone to stay there. Good location, great staff, great room and everything is great there. Just one tram station away from the Central Station. The view to the river and the city center is GREAT! I can't ask for more from this hotel.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guitargal
<Content>Wonderful hotel! My husband and I spent five fantastic nights at the Moevenpick. The hotel is beautiful, very clean, and quite comfortable. The room had all the amenities and overlooked the water. We even watched the sun set from our hotel window! The king bed was very comfortable, as were the down pillows and covers. I loved the location. We were able to walk (ten minutes) to/from Centraal Station as well as walk into the city. It was nice leaving the city noise behind at night. We also ate at the restaurant (twice for breakfast and once for dinner) and the food was delicious. Staff was very helpful and courteous. I loved that there were free computers for the guests in the lobby, too. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamtpo
<Content>Great view, great hotel Getting to the Movenpick took a little effort, but was not a problem for me. You can take tram 26 (right in front of Centraal Station) or tram 25 (across the street from the south east corner of Centraal Station). Trams run about every 15 minutes so if you miss one there can be a bit of a wait. Trams take about 3 minutes to get there. They stop right in front of the hotel (1st stop after CS), but there is a canal in between so you have to make about a 2.5 minute walk around it to get to hotel entrance. I timed the walk from centraal station and it took 9 minutes at a brisk pace. For reference, the hotel is almost exactly the same distance from Centraal Station as Dam Square is. The walk was scenic but windy and cold at this time of year.The hotel staff are great and I was always treated with a friendly smile. I was given a standard room on the 8th floor. It had a great city view (facing west). It was very quiet, and I did not hear any noise from the other rooms, outside traffic, or cruise ships. The room itself was very clean and in good condition. It was larger than I have generally experienced in other European hotels. Large bathroom, couch, and desk. I could not get the WiFi or Ethernet internet to work, but did not follow up with this to the staff as I did not really care. TV had probably about 25 channels that came in with good reception. Mattress was VERY comfortable - felt like the Hyatt mattresses. I booked through Priceline and got the rate at $150 a night. I did not try the resturants on site.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will try to stay here again on my next trip to A'dam!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>peanut13
<Content>The best hotel i've stayed in! The hotel was a short walk from the train station, it does not look anything special from the out side just a tall glass building, but when you walk through the door you are greeted by polite staff who couldn't do enough for us. when we got to our room the pull out bed was not made and we had feather pillows which one of the party is allergic to but we spoke to the reception and by the time we got back up stairs the pull up was being made and the pillows were changed.The rooms had a lovely view over the river and the city, the room and en suite were nicely decorated and more than we required.I am a ceoliac so require gluten free food so we went to the restaurant and spoke to the manager who knew what the condition was and went straight to the kitchen when he came back he told us they would be able to adapt most of the meals on the menu for me and bread had been ordered in for me and would be there by morning. we did not ask for this and it was greatly appreciated.we would definitely recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Inishowen
<Content>Worth every penny Great hotel got a good deal 3 nights for the price of 2 with breakfast included. Lovely room on the 19th floor with wonderful views. Very helpful staff who told us to come back if not happy with room. Ate in the restaurant twice and it was top notch with very attentive staff and great food. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is quiet a little out of town but for me that is a plus. All in all I would stay here again if returning to Amsterdam and I have stayed in many hotels in many locations and this is up with the best.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Erin100
<Content>Great Hotel if you want quality, service, location and style We stayed here for a three-day break and it was great. Whilst the previous reviews are mainly positive, there are some comments about the distance and also the apparant 'lack of toilets'' on ground floor near to the bar. The toilets were actually located next to the hotel reception on the ground floor!!!!Firstly, the hotel excelled in the usual 4 star quality and service you would expect from a recently constructed hotel. The hotel's website certainly lived up to all its expectations when we arrived. It was clean, modern and the staff were so friendly with a strong focus on customer service and genuinely making you feel welcome. The breakfast selection was fantastic with a range to suit all tastes and diets. We dined in the restaurant on two occasions and the choice of menu was good and the food was really nice. It was pretty resonable priced with the average main course around 17 euros. In terms of location, it is right on the harbour with excellent views across the city. We had a 19th floor room with a river/city view and it was breathtaking. It was a fifteen min walk to the city or if you fancied the tram (located directly outside) then it was 3 minutes with a tram stopping at the hotel every 5 mins. I would definitely recommend it - you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smooth_Sluggo
<Content>A Good Stay--I'd give it a solid 8 out of 10 My wife and I stayed here over Easter weekend, as Amsterdam was the only place we could think of in Europe that would still have most stores and attractions open over the holidays. We booked the hotel on Priceline about a month in advance, using [--] to give us an idea of what price we could get. At 85 Euros per night over a holiday weekend, we thought this was quite lucky...I saw the prices just before the weekend, and they were several times as much.The Moevenpick is easy to get to from Centraal Station. The easiest way is simply to walk. Head East from the station and follow the coast...the Moevenpick looks just like the picture on its website, and is very easy to spot once you hit the harbor. The second thing to do is to take the #25 (to PTA) or #26 (to IJBurg) tram and get off at the first stop. These trams run every 15 minutes apiece and stop in front of the hotel. However, since there is a canal in between the tram line and the hotel, you'll have to walk an awkward route for another 5 minutes to get there.The staff at the Moevenpick were very friendly. We arrived 2 hours before our 3 pm check-in and they gave us a room. The hotel is only 2 years old, so it has a very modern look with great furniture. The rooms were very clean and quiet. They were also larger than any 'standard' room I had stayed in while in Amsterdam.A few pluses and minuses:PLUSES--Location. Its away from the action, so its very quiet. As I'm no longer in my 20's and out for a raucous time, this was a plus. If you catch the tram as it pulls into Centraal Station, you're just minutes away from the hotel.--Elevators. Amazingly fast and efficient. A minor thing that was a nice touch.--Staff. Really seemed to go out of their way to be friendly. Alex and Mohammad, in particular, were a credit to Moevenpick.--Shuttle. They have a shuttle van that goes to Centraal every 30 minutes. If you're going there, you need to sign up, as they only have 8 spaces per trip. If you're getting picked up, there usually isn't a need to sign up. If you happen to be leaving the hotel at the top of the hour, its very convenient.--Non-smoking. The entire hotel was non-smoking, which we both personally liked. MINUSES--Location. Its away from the action, so its very quiet. As I was trying to pretend I was in my 20's again, this was a double-edged sword.--Phone assistance. I had to call the Front Desk a few times during my stay, and each time it took at least 15 rings for someone to answer. They need more dedicated staff.--No robes, and the towels were pretty flimsy. Invest in better towels, Moevenpick!Overall, it was a very nice stay and I would return if the price was right.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rouen_Lover
<Content>Great Place       The View from my Room  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>knocklofty
<Content>Good Hotel good location Hotel close to Central Station. Rooms clean and well kept. Large and comfortable bed good size room. Bathroom large with large shower. Views from upper floor rooms gives a great panorama of the city. Breakfast was a good hot and cold buffet. Travel from airport by train was quick cheap and efficient. Trams easy to use and tram 25  26 leave you outside the hotel. Work on a new bit of canel outside the hotel meant a slightly longer walk but tram to pier terminal (Stay on Pier Terminal tram to line end just past the hotel as you do not have to cross the road) was slightly closer. Canel boats pick up is close to hotel and was worth the day ticket. Transport day(S)Travel pass is cheap and worth the cost even if only used several times as walking covers the city easily. Tram stop from Central Station to pier terminal was hard to find due to construction work outside central station ask for help it is near the bus station. Loved Amsterdam and the hotel was great for our 3 night stay.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>alchemy100
<Content>Perfect Stayed at the Movenpick for 2 nights, and was a lovely stay. Hotel is very modern, had a junior executive sweet which was great view over river. Hotel is a 10 minute walk to Centraal station, or quick tram ride, with tram stop right outside hotelVery friendly staff, Silk restaurant was lovely, tasty food and nice decor.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grillettoparlante
<Content>Nice but I'll never go back I spent a long week-end in Amsterdam staying in this Hotel.It was my fault not to have checked before that the hotel was a 100% NO SMOKING structure and clients themselves could be fined of 150 euros if smoking, even inside their own rooms.That fact, even if didn'nt affect me, as I am a no-smoker, drove my wife close to a hysterical crisis as she is used to have a cigarette when she wakes up and before going to bed.Even if I understand that it is my fault, still I think that it sounds strange not to have care for the poor smokers in the in city of the red light district, of free drugs, homosexual weddings and a long tradition of tollerance.A second problem was the the duvets were synthetic and this fact ended up with a erythema.The girl at the concierge understood immediatly the reason of my problem and I had duvets changed with no-synthetic ones.But, I ask, if they know that that fact can give problems, why they do not put no-synthetic duvets from the beginning.I do not think I'll ever go back tho Mowenpick, even if I have to say that position is fantastic and rooms are perfect.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>marcob
<Content>Nice Business Class Hotel Stayed in this hotel last week of January 08. All in all it was a enjoyable stay. Few pointers -Atmosphere - This hotel it appeared to me is geared for business clients, for which it caters very well, with free WiFi, excellent conference facilities and a business centre. That said it lacks atmosphere, there was no life in either the bar or restaurant. Room - Very clean, spacious and modern.Staff - For the most part very friendly and helpful in particular the bar staff. Location - As with other posts hotel is outside the main centre but easy to access by tram. Taxis do not touch as very expensive and it is a long 15 min walk particularly in January !!Food - Hotel offered either bar food or Silks restaurant and again no complaints - tasty and affordable (but my company was paying)Overall - Very comfortable business trip.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bowmore
<Content>Very Convenient Hotel, Not So Convenient Location Just stayed for 3 nights at the Movenpick City Centre Amsterdam. It is a modern 20 storey building. I got a room in the 19th floor and hence enjoyed a really great view on the harbour and the town. The room was very clean, nicely furnished with a rather modern but warm design. The size of the room was decent, the bed very comfortable with good blankets and pillows. Other positive equipments to mention are a (empty) fridge, a flatscreen TV and a sofa by the window. The bathroom is well designed with good quality shower products (from Bogner). The staff was friendly and helpful. The down part is the location; it will take you about 15 minutes to walk to the city centre (central station) which might be easily doable in normal weather conditions but I had to endure heavy rain and even a hailstorm which made this a bit of an unpleasant experience. The taxis in Amsterdam are very expensive but there would have been the option to take a tram which stops close to the hotel (apparently 3 stops to central station). Altogether it is a very nice and modern hotel, way above of the average standard of an equally priced hotel in the city centre but you have to live with the disadvantage to be a bit away from the action.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrSoft
<Content>OK, not 5 stars, website misleading       Okay Club room.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Stephanie_007
<Content>It's OK The facility describes itself as being located in the city center, but it was a little bit of a walk. It is, however, right next to a train stop. The hotel staff was friendly enough and the facility was clean and the rooms were comfortable. I didn't care for their attempt at modern decor, it was a little lacking. I was definitely disappointed at the price of breakfast especially when I thought it was included. We chose the hotel because it was one of the more decently priced hotels available when we booked. I'm not sure if it was worth what we paid, but it is a decent hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>butterbloodvoodoo
<Content>Comfortable rooms but not a very good location       Hotel from a distance  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>therealmikeymouse
<Content>Modern Hotel Went there for a company confrerence - around 300 people. They managed the numbers well. Lots of nice treats at break times etc.Evening meal at little slow, but for 300 people the food was very good. Breakfast was a bit of a cattlemarket, the room and servng area seems too small and benches for seats not what you'd expect of a 5 star hotel.Rooms were very nice, modern and stylish, great views from higher floors although mainly of the harbour and other tower blocks.A little basic for a 5-star but not overpriced either.Great location if you arrive by ferry; near the central railway station but too far to walk with luggage.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>salsprite
<Content>Fantastic Hotel With Lovely Staff This hotel puts others to shame. the staff are so helpful and friendly and will go out of their way for you. We took our 16 month old and they made a fuss of her and looked after us so well, ensuring we had a fantastic stay! They even offered to babysit.There was a personal touch to their attitude.The food was nice and the room was very clean and nicely decorated. We also had a lovely view from our room of the river, and at night you see all of Amsterdam lit up!It annoys me that people are so lazy saying this hotel is out of the way it is about a 10 minute walk to centraal station(which is the centre!) which is not far at all to the centre! plus there is a free shuttle bus so you dont even have to walk of youre too lazy.I will definately go there again without a doubt. For me the staff made it a lovely xmas break!Thanks guys.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paultsams
<Content>Stunning New Hotel       Pukka room service  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerFromNV
<Content>Great hotel in slightly out-of-the-way location       Moevenpick Amsterdam room  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petrol1967
<Content>Nice Hotel excellent value Booked the Moevenpick Hotel Amsterdam via Priceline, as I am not happy to pay the silly prices for Hotels in large Cities and not get value for money.Using Priceline, I set the price I wanted to pay and ended up with the Moevenpick which I feel gave a good account for themselves, baring in mind, that this is the first time we have stayed at this hotel. Check in was no problem, and we got into our room for midday, which was good baring in mind check in is 3pm. Room was very nice and clean and modern with a nice bathroom and spotless. Towels were a bit on the small side but a minor issue.This being the first time we used the hotel, we used the shuttlebus to take us into town which was great, and had arranged for a pick up that evening but they never showed up, which was irritating. Use the 26 tram to get back to the hotel if you cant face the walk, its just one stop, very handy. All in all very happy with hotel, but only problem was it was no smoking but again thats my problem not theirs.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jan_Korta
<Content>Will not stay there again We just came back from our short 2 nights break in Amsterdam and booked this hotel via priceline for a reasonable rate. We were very excited about this new Moevenpick hotel as we have stayed many times in their other hotels around the globe. I have never experienced such a lack of interest of staff in any other Moevenpick property. Maybe because it is relatively new and staff is not well trained yet ... We have booked 2 rooms and arrived quite early in the morning and did not expect rooms to be ready. It took a while to find our reservations and we were given 1 room that was ready and were told the other one will be ready at 3 p.m. because it麓s official check in time - fair enough. We came back from town at 5 p.m. and room was still not ready so I asked for explanation and got a response that housekeeping is very busy and did not manage to clean all rooms - each maid has 25 or more rooms to clean - I thought - what do I care ?? I paid my rooms and want a serious explanation - this is an issue for the management they are short on staff... Finally I said please give me a call to our second room as soon as our room is ready to pick up the keys..they said OK, we will. At about 6.p.m I came down again to ask and room was ready but they forgot the room number to call me?!?.. Next day we wanted to take a boat trip, I took brochure at the hotel and found out there is a timetable until 4th November only - so went to concierge and asked if they have a new one or this is still valid and there is no change - concierge stared at me..this is not possible , checked it twice, went to back office and brought a pack of new actual brochures saying thank you for information sir...I thought OK but there were enough staff there they could notice - we have met lots of other people at the hotel dealing with same problem...Finally we wanted to go to Heineken brewery for a tour - we have double checked directions with concierge and went there - we were quite surprised the exhibition was closed more than 1 month ago until end May 2008 and they did not know about it at the hotel...Rooms were OK, nice view over city but it was quite cold even we set up a heating for maximum. All in all I was very dissapointed with this Moevenpick property and will definitely not stay here again - will choose one of the NH hotels in the centre - Krasnopolsky, City center or NH Schiller. I would not write this review if I would experienced at least an interest from staff and a short word of apology or any other signal they do care I am a guest at their hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>MrsMaytag
<Content>Beware of Low Prices Booked our stay on Priceline ($105 per night) and as usual Priceline deceives by stating that this is in City Centre which it surely isn't. Its a half mile approx from Central Station and on a nice weather day the walk isnt really all that bad. One day this neighborhood just might be the City Centre but at the moment it's a lie. The hotel left us with mixed feelings. The staff is cordial and did what they could to provide us with our requests. Though we had to ask daily for washcloths and the towels in the bathroom are a slight ply above toilet tissue. Breakfast is quite good if you can eat $21 worth of food at a sitting. There's a lot to choose from and it is constantly being refilled. The rooms are small but clean. The shower/tub is strange and I left after staying 5 days there without understanding how to use the shampoo dispenser. The beds are small and a king sized bed isnt a king sized bed. The highlight of our stay was the dinner we had at the hotel's Silk Road restaurant which was quite good. Don't miss out on this spot especially in light of the fact Amsterdam doesnt have too many decent restaurants to relax in esp without smoke being blown in your face. Great view of the harbor from the upper floor which we occupied!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	1	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HankOakland_CA
<Content>Best 4-Star Value in Amsterdam This Swiss owned and managed hotel is an outstanding value. I paid US$100/night through Priceline. This four-star property is only about a year and a half old and offers outstanding views of the city and waterfront. Rooms are modern, quiet, extra clean and comfortable. The Duch make up their beds differently than Americans, so the pics on their website make them look like two singles put together. I can assure you that the beds at the Movenpick are nice king/queen size. The staff is courtious and efficient and they provide a free shuttle service between the hotel and Central Station that runs every half hour. As an option, you can also take tram #25 that will drop you, or pick you up at the far corner of the building. The food is great and the bar is quite fun. You will have no distressing 'surprises' if you book your next stay in Amsterdam at the Movenpick. With the currency exchange rate as unfavorable to Americans as it is right now, this hotel offers the best price : value in Amsterdam. It's completely non-smoking, too!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yadidim
<Content>Excellent Stay!!!!! I had to book a room in Amsterdam last minute (on Monday for a Wednesday stay). I didn鈥檛 have time to really research and simply booked whatever Priceline would honor. I was very lucky to get this hotel. It is located on the street parallel to the canal right behind the central train station. It鈥檚 a 5 minute walk or you can take a tram. A taxi will cost about 10 euros. I paid 100 Euros for this reservation and upon arrival upgraded to a junior suite for additional 100 Euro. I was not disappointed. The rooms are modern and clean. The mini bar is included. The room has a shower AND a bath tub. Breakfast is included in the main restaurant and has everything you might need or like. All in all an excellent hotel. Definitely will stay there again  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnEB
<Content>First Class - Start to Finsih Flew into Amsterdam from Chicago, arrived at 7:30 AM (12:30 AM body time). No rooms ready. No problem - store our bags and let us shower and clean up using their spa facilities. Toured city, had breakfast, and returned around Noon. We're so sorry we couldn't accomodate you when you first arrived. Allow us to ugrade you to a suite at no extra charge.And the service never waivered from there - we'd be happy to get you tickets to tonight's Ajax soccer game, please check with us after your nap, etc.What are you doing still reading this review? Book your reservations already.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuslac
<Content>Excellent hotel Rooms where very quiet, modern and clean. Size of the room was larger than average for Europe. Bed was very comfortable. Hotel was a little far from the main tourist sights but there was a metro/train station next to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Paulo1179
<Content>Great hotel! Before we booked this hotel we read a few reviews which complained that it was too far from the centre of Amsterdam. Rubbish. You can see the hotel from the train station and it's a 5-7 min walk away, or one tram stop. It's perfectly placed if you don't want to be right in the centre of Amsterdam, it also has great views of the river.The room was modern, very clean and comfortable, much bigger than the rooms you'd get in central Amsterdam.Breakfast was pretty expensive, 鈧?1 a night so we didn't bother...The gym is pretty small, but theres other facilities at the hotel for free I think. All in all though, a great hotel and a good break.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>twimsmomma
<Content>Not up to American standards - but still nice enough Ok, Ok - I know I'll probably get slammed by saying not up to American standards... but this would not be a 4 star hotel in the states. I travel a lot to Europe -- so I do know this is a nice hotel with pretty spacious rooms compared to most hotels. The Movenpick is a chain of hotels owned by the Swiss and it reflects the Swiss charm nicely - very clean and sleek (think upscale IKEA). My problems included VERY spotty service from the staff (some where knowledgable, some had no clue -- including the concierges!) An example - on one day I asked about the tram and was immediatelty told that the shuttle didn't run except on the half hour and you needed a reservation. That seemed very odd to me -- that you would need a reservation for public transport. So I asked again, in a different manner (I thought perhaps a language barrier) and then was told OH -- you mean the TRAM. -- yes, it does run often -- he pointed out the tram station (about a block away) and off I went. So he had jumped to the conclusion that I wanted the hotel shuttle and gave me wrong info. Later that day a co-worker (I was there with a large convention) told me you could get a public transportation pass and/or a strip ticket -- so you could ride the tram often, and at a lower price. (Why hadn't the concierge offered that earlier?) So I went to go buy one and was told that no, they didn't sell them. Luckily, another staff member overheard us and countered that now they DID sell them. So I went to the front desk and bought one from him. Later that day, another co-worker had the same experience. Other problems - our towels had HOLES in them! The bed linens were never changed (and we were there for a week!) I complained 2x to no avail. One of the days I did not receive my wake up call. The next day I got THREE of them!! 2 of my coworkers had reservations -- (we had confirmations in writing, thank goodness) -- but they hotel had them on the wrong day (started a day late). They tried to tell me that it was full and nothing could be done -- but when I was firm -- they were able to find rooms (had to upgrade one co-worker -- and wanted to charge us -- but I refused). But my shy co-workers (these 3 were from the Czech Republic) would have taken this crap if I wasn't there to insist. Other things: the phone system was a bit hard to use (no instructions on the phone, the info in the binder was wrong). No easy way to call room service or get your messages. (My co workers phones were all different -- some were ok, some not -- again, very varied in the way things work!). The gym was nice but while they offered services (massage) -- I could not schedule one to save my life. The maids sometimes left new shampoo/soap and sometimes did not. (Why? Why the randomness??). Etc., etc. Anyway -- I hope the management reads this and the comment form I filled out (but I had the feeling it was being shredded the moment I turned it in... there wasn't a safe place to submit it that I could see...) and works out these kinks. On the positive side -- the food is delicious. Its not at city center (can be a plus) but easy to use tram 25 or 26, canal boats, or taxis (and the shuttle if you make a reservation). The conference crew was quite good (Simone and Peter made my life VERY easy during this week). It is clean and quiet. The little gym was nice (but be aware that the saunas are co-ed, clothing optional!)  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>carlamorrag
<Content>Fantastic hotel       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rhys172
<Content>Excellent hotel, great views I'd just like to back up what most other reviewers say and recommend the Moevenpick. It's a short 10 minute walk to the central station, the hotel run a free car shuttle service every 30 minutes which you can book via the concierge or you can just get on the number 25 tram which goes from just outside the Ferry Terminal next to the hotel.The rooms were clean (although I did have to ask for some extra room service after dirty cups were left in our room) and modern. The view from the room was excellent, and I imagine would be just as good whichever side of the hotel you stay on.If you want to be right in the middle of Amsterdam then this probably isn't for you but if you want to be very close but benefit from a nice clean and, importantly *quiet* hotel, then I cannot recommend it enough.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>yankeejnorthofBoston
<Content>Don't Pick Movenpick We had the unfortunate experience of staying here Mon through Sat of one week, while on business in Amsterdam. This hotel has four stars but must have no maintenence program. The first room we were checked into had a safe that didn't work and couldn't be repaired by maintenence. They moved us(we had to repack ourselves, of course) to another room, lower floor with a safe that worked for a few days. Guess what? As I am writing this review maintenence is trying to fix the safe in this room!! And this hotel is barely a year old and has four stars. Also broken in this room was the telephone for four days. I missed a most important message and because of this,an enormous problem was caused. If you want a room with no safe and no phone why pay for a four star hotel!!The service at the front desk is terse and insensitive to business needs. They seem to have no maintenence program at all. Also mundane things as well, such as no soap and tissues were constant problems. Swiss efficiency? Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>scoremedia
<Content>Non-smoking, yes, non-smoking hotel in Amsterdam       comfy bed  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pauls71
<Content>Very comfortable, trendy and friendly, convenient location This new hotel is really a good choice. We had a very quiet room on a high floor, it was tastefully decorated, and came with a luxurious bathroom, comfy beds, great view looking out over the harbour. The hotel is within walking distance of the central train station and the city center. After some Internet deal hunting, we finally got the best deal by contacting the hotel directly. The buffet breakfast was extravagant! There is also a nice trendy bar. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yamakake
<Content>Exceptional hotel, exceptional value I stayed at the Movenpick over a weekend recently. Like others I found the hotel to be exceptionally clean and modern, with great views over the water and city. It is entirely non-smoking, even the bar and restaurant, something I don't take for granted in Amsterdam. I booked on Priceline and got a very good deal (100 dollars per night, so about 68 euro). I'd emailed a couple of days in advance to ask for early check-in and my request was honored at check-in. King-size bed, large bath with tub/shower. If you do decide to stay here, note the following:1. You don't have to walk around the train station to get to the hotel (and it's a bit of thrash to do so, as you have to wend your way through the milling crowds and the tram lines and so forth), you can actually exit on the north side of the station, the water side, and then walk to the hotel along the waterfront. 2. There's a tram stop very close to the hotel entrance. You buy your ticket on the tram, where a conductor will be able to offer you either a mini-strippenkart or you can buy a 24 hour, 48 hour, or 72 hour pass good for as many trips as you'd like.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tarff
<Content>Clean and classy Stayed at the Moevenpick over a weekend, Fri-Mon, at the end of August '07.To be honest it's a step up in class from the hotel I would normally stay at, mainly due to us getting a fantastic '3 nights for 2' deal via Expedia for booking 'early', though I only booked about 4 weeks in advance.The hotel itself I believe is fairly new, opened in Nov 2006 (?), so it's all very clean and fresh looking. The staff who greeted us at the front desk were polite, helpful and spoke very good English. The room itself was spacious, clean and comfortable. Although we had booked a room with a King-size bed we were informed when we booked in that this was now unavailable and 2 twin beds were all they could offer. Although the bathroom was clean and the shower worked well there was no lock on the glass (!) bathroom door, which I think is taking the traditional Dutch relaxed feel a little too far.That said we had no real complaints about the standard of the hotel, and despite being situated next to a busy port and what appeared to be a main road there was no noise at night.My only real grumble with the hotel is that it is situated about 15 mins walk from Amsterdam Centraal train station. To find the hotel, if you're coming by train, take a left out of the station until you reach the end of the large, grand station building. Take another left underneath a bridge then a right. You should be able to see the Moevenpick somewhere in the distance.While I dont mind a good walk it was a bit of a pain with the suitcases, and cost 10 Euro in a taxi to get to/from the city centre. Also I feel that for the price the Moevenpick charge there may be better and more central alternatives, such as the Victoria which is right outside Centraal station. Although to be fair there is a tram stop almost directly outside the hotel which I did not even attempt to use as it seemed impossible to buy tickets anywhere.All in all I would recommend the Moevenpick, but only if you are not put off by a bit of a walk, or if you are able to find a good deal on the internet. There are fantastic views on the port and the city if you get a room high enough and the rooms are comfy and clean. If walking is not for you, I would suggest shopping around for cheaper and more central alternatives.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CindysReviews
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Modern clean hotel with close proximity by tram to central station and dam square. Room size  design good. Nice views of the city and Amstel River. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>arrycat
<Content>Great hotel My husband daughter  I stayed at the Movenpick for three nights in mid August. We had read a variety of reviews on this hotel but deceided to book anyway.We had a fantastic time, the hotel was clean  modern. Our room had a king size bed  a separate sofa bed for our 13 yr old daughter. The bed had two single quilts rather than one king size quilt, this wasn't a problem for us. The bathroom was large with a walk in tiled shower, the bathroom also had a radio that was linked to the T.V. We had a choice of 5 different pillows which we ordered 4 of they were delivered to our room within 15 mins. The free WiFi broadband was excellent, very fast  had no problems connecting. My daughter used the gym which was open 24 hrs a day. We had the breakfast which was on a special price of 15 Euros, this was good value for money as there was a large varied choice and it kept us going till dinner time, also children under 16 are free.All the staff were very friendly and helpful.We used the tram 25 or 26 to get into town, this was no problem as they were frequent. We also walked into Dam Square which took about 25 mins. We bought a 48 hr tram pass for 10.5 euro which allowed constant use of the trams.All in all we had a lovely time at this hotel and would certainly use this hotel  chain again  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BlueWoman
<Content>Amazing views of the city and sunset The hotel is a 10 minute amble from the train station and situated right next to the Music Museum right on the harbours edge. Reception was very clean and welcoming and we got a bright greeting. We were told our room was on the 14th floor and that we had a great view........ and boy did we!On the first night we just sat and watched the most amazing sunset from our room......... plus we were entertained by watching all the little boats going along below us. The room itself was immaculate with a very comfortable bed, free wireless internet, a sofa and tea and coffe making facilities. The shower was clean and worked very well and toiletries were provided. Of special note to me was the fact that they had a real hairdryer. I loathe those stuck to the wall, have to keep your finger on the button to make them work ones. So this was a great bonus to me. The TV had loads of channels and was a really good flat screen with English channels if you want them. There wasn't as much storage space for clothes as I would have liked and have yet to find a hotel that ever has enough hangers, but this was much less than normal, however it wasn't a major problem. The mini bar was empty but a trip to reception and a form later we got it stocked with our choice - although at 40 euros its not cheap.The hotel is a little out of the way, but the walk to get back to it is really lovely. The rooms feel like new and everything works, the staff are really friendly and we had no complaints at all. Oh and they offer a courtesy shuttle from the train station which is excellent.I would most definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>morrisen
<Content>Great hotel, will stay there again       Nightstand  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>meekyone1420
<Content>excellent hotel, ignore the bad comments!!!!! stayed here with my wife and 14 year old son. was a bit concerned about the position of the hotel and the attitude of it's staff. Firstly may I say that walking to the hotel from Central station took us 8-10 minutes, and thats was after a few beers at manchester airport!! The walk is safe but because there are not many people around you may feel a little starnge. I have been to Amsterdam many many times and it is by far and away the safest city I have EVER Been to. Secondly the hotel staff were very polite and helpful (as most Dutch people are!)The hotel is excellent in all departments, the rooms are well equppped and a lot roomier than other hotels in the centre prices in the bar/restarant were a little high , but this is a five star hotel in one of the top 10 most expensive places in Europe!!! Now for the basics.The tram number 25/26 stops right outside the hotel across the road and services the town (dam square and central station) until 1am. The hotel shuttle bus now runs till 100pm and there have upgraded the bus to a seven seater VW, Just book with the door man.If you have been to the Dam before you will know exactly where the red light district/coffee shops are. But there is so so much more to amsterdam than these two. My advice is get a (free) map from the hotel and explore, you will get lost there is no-doubting that!! but will discover small areas where you would not think you were in a city that has all the excess a man can handle.Go and enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roffe77
<Content>Great hotel, just a bit off city centre... Spent four nights with the wife in July 2007. The hotel offers large rooms with beautiful bathrooms and a splendid view of the harbour. In our experience, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful - room cleaning very efficient. There is no mini-bar (can be ordered), but there is a small refrigerator - very useful for stocking a few beers or sodas... The hotel also offers a buffet breakfast (at 15 Euro per person - evidently a summer special, normal price 21 E), which was worth every cent. Otherwise it's absolutely no problem getting a hearty breakfast (at practically any time!) in town. Travelers should be advised that the hotel is not exactly in the city centre, but rather a ten minute-walk from Central Station - which is really no problem if you're used to walking a bit, but elderly people might find it uncomfortable. On the other hand, there is a free shuttle service (from 7.30am - 11pm), but you have to book in advance. The 25 and 26 trams also run outside the hotel. It is a bit difficult actually seeing the entrance, but there was a lot of construction work going on, so probably some solution to this is planned. There is also a lack of just about everything in close vicinity, so you can forget about 'just stepping outside' to grab a morning coffee (or beer!). Taxi from Schipol will set you back about 50-60 Euro, but the train ride from the airport to Central Station is only 3,5E and takes 15 minutes, so if you have heavy luggage (and would prefer to spend your Euros elsewhere) it's probably best to take a cab from the station. All in all, the great standard of the hotel offsets its disadvantageous location - but only just. I would recommend the hotel to others, but might not be staying there when I return to Amsterdam - and I definitely will return. If you haven't been - go. Don't miss out on Jordaan, probably the most charming city district I've ever seen. Amsterdam is the definitive city to just amble about in, with an abundance of cafes, restaurants and cosy, brown pubs. Also try some Genever!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sweet_science
<Content>Worthwhile Hotel The hotel is very modern and with very pleasant and attentive staff. Furthermore, the view is nice and the rooms are a very comfortable size. Perhaps because most of the guests were business travelers, the hotel atmosphere was also quiet.I suppose any negatives about Movenpick depends on how much you paid. If you paid full price, you won't appreciate that it is just north of the city center. About 1 mile north of Dam Square, but much closer to Centraal Station and other trams. Also, you must walk up to a bridge and then under it to get to the heart of the city. At night some might find this intimidating, but it is quite safe. Again, it is not a long journey.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeakerTX
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       View from room.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>danoux42
<Content>Not In The City Center!!!! FIrst of all it is super important to mention that this supposedly 4 star hotel is NOT IN THE CITY centre at all! With all the courage it takes to go and walk after a long haul flight, when one finds the way to get to the train station, after 15 min. he or she will land in the no man's land of Amsterdam! and then , walk another 15 min. to get to the  centre of the town! It is almost unbelievalble that this middle-of-nowhere-hotel is fully booked when one knows that hotels as good as this one, in the centre of town,are also available! for half the price! The front desk personel is so cold and distant, that one has the feeling of disturbing all the time! It is a shame in the hospitality industry. That the hotel decided to make this hotel a non smoking environment is another bugger, who gives who the decision to control what one is doing in the privacy of the room. When one looks outside and sees how the city smokes all that is possible...it makes it even more absurb. Looking for a coffee? fine, there is one at the end of the Concertgebouw aan t' ij the music hall down the road, but that's it! When one knows how amsterdam is famous for its nitelife and atmosphere, one should really consider sleeping here, as it doesn't represent Amsterdam AT ALL! Housekeeping is very bad, hanging the sign to have my room cleaned, coming back after 8 hours walking in the city...i found out that my room had not been cleaned at all , asking the man in charge of the housekeeping, he told me  the lady is busy on another floor !! what a answer! well so long for customer service! DON'T come here unless you don't intend to do anything in the city...don't intend to have a life and pay 135鈧?a night!! the city offers too much that you have your vacation ruined! Daniel, Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Naish
<Content>Recommended ! Just came back from amsterdamStayed there with my wife for 6 nightsThe hotel is new !Very nice rooms - big, new and has everyithing.We stayed at the 19th floor - the view is amazing !Excellent breakfast.Staff was very friendlyThe hotel is very close to the old cityTram no. 25 is across the street and comes every 15 minutes until 1:00 AM. 2 stations and you are in Dam square (1 station from the central station)For us that arrangement worked just fine.One thing - they didn't have king size double beds when we came. We got a room with 2 beds attached one to another - did not bother us...The hotel hosts conferences so many of the guests are business people participating in the convension.To conclude - We recommend this hotel very much !  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tymothy
<Content>Movenpick Hotel Amsterdam NOT IN THE City Center I find it funny that the hotel offical name is Movenpick Hotel Amsterdam City Center. This hotel is not in the city center. Don't get me wrong, its not in the suburbs, its only about a 15 minute walk from the central train station. But by European standards its not city centre. The hotel offers a shuttle service to the central station but it only sits 4, only runs once an hour and stops at 6pm, plus you have to reserve your seat. This is one of the things the hotel could improve on, more regular shuttle service. But on the other hand the hotel is new, sleek, modern with great rooms.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>manishnandha
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the location I am a very frequent user of hotels in Amsterdam due to business and I can say the hotel itself is one of the best. The very modern and minimal design is perfect for me and everything worked as it was supposed to. The gym is small but good and the restaurant is good also (if slow service). I would still choose other hotels over this because of the location. It is not particularly conveniently placed for getting into town (you can walk with 10-15 mins) or do the same journey in a tram which is roughly the same time once you account for waiting time.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>swiftshoes
<Content>Pleasant but far from centre The Movenpick is a modern, well-apportioned hotel with large rooms and reasonable ammenities. I stayed there with my family and it was a good choice as it had many facilities- elevator, internet in lobby, and workout room. But, the location is a real drawback and the shuttle service is not very convenient or reliable. We used taxis several times per day (10-15 euros per trip) and had no problems.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MTravelKid
<Content>New, neat, stark, a small hike This is a nice upscale hotel at the adjacent to the Cruise Ship Terminal. We enjoyed our stay for the most part. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful and the conference food was good. It is easy to find and accessible by rail. My only complaints are with the decor and the location. The decor is modern and stark. There was one picture in my room and the rest of the walls were blank. We did have a beautiful view from our room on the 19th floor though. We could see the harbor and the city center. I think the other side of the bldg wouldn't have much of a view (mostly train tracks). The lower floors wouldn't have much either. The hotel is a 15 minute walk to Centraal Station with pretty much nothing in between. It is cut off from the rest of the city by railroad tracks and water. It made it a bit of a hassle. And there is no direct sidewalk to the bldg, you have to double back from the passenger terminal. There is a tram line that stops very close by though. But it seemed silly to take the tram for just 1 or 2 stops. Good overall but with some notable drawbacks.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>theresaandbob
<Content>The Movenpick in Amsterdam       going to De Hoge Veluwe  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dm0
<Content>Not bad Got a great deal (less than US$100) using Priceline on the Movenpick for three nights.The walk from Central Station wasn't bad (about 10 minutes) but started to wear thin toward the end. Could never figure out where to catch the tram to get back, but didn't try very hard.Checkin was pleasant, and they (thankfully) allowed us to check in early when we arrived from our transatlantic flight at 8:00 am. The room was small but clean, with terrific views of the harbour and the city. Free water was provided, but only on the first day and was never replaced.Our rate didn't include breakfast, and the one day we chose to eat breakfast at the restaurant the food was uninspiring and the price was a shocking EUR21 per person. Like I say, we only made that mistake once...We didn't make it to the bar.Security personnel was very helpful when I had to call them from a cab on my way back from the airport to ask them to retrieve our passports and various other valuables that we forgot in the room safe!All in all, was OK, and I wouldn't complain if I got this hotel again via Priceline.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	5	

<Author>RoadWarrior69
<Content>nice view of the river but several blocks outside of main city and station Hotel is a solid 10 minute walk from central train station, not bad but the hotel is NOT in the thick of the city, like some are. I dont recommend this hotel if you want to be right in the middle of the city. There are hotels right outside the train station that are in the middle of the hustle and bustle but the Movenpick is a several block walk.They do offer shuttle to the train station every hour which is nice if you have luggage that you dont want to carry several blocks. The hotel is super clean and nice, but I think the price of $150 USD was too much. I thought I got a good deal on priceline but later I heard that $150 is the going rate for most people (even though their website says $250 USD).The breakfast buffet was 20 Euro and the dinner was 25 Euro. the price was high but the food was very good.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eshech
<Content>Not City and surely not City center Stayed for 3 nights There is nothing in the surrounding 鈥?nothing The only way to get to the city is by Tram (not really frequent 鈥?andit is not really worth to wait in the cold for 15 minutes to take youfrom the city to the hotel) or Taxi - thus it is really unclear why they call it city center ??Rooms are nice but the impression is you are in a 3 star hotel (e.g. IBIS) not a 4 stars (in some rooms they have only Shower)Amsterdam is nice, be careful if you want a City Break it is not the hotel for you.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>oscarmerlin
<Content>Great View! Went to Amsterdam for a pre Christmas 3 night break. This new hotel is slightly away from the hustle and bustle of the centre of Amsterdam. It takes 10 mins to walk from the hotel to central station (ie the outskirts of the centre). There is little else around the hotel - other than water. We felt safe walking back at night as a couple- though not sure how I would have felt on my own??The rooms have fantastic views of the harbour and city - so great we slept with the curtains open! Rooms are modern with good facilities. complimentary water in room. Housekeeping service not great, but it didnt bother us being there only for 3 nights. We didnt eat at the hotel. Would I go back??? not sure?? bit too far out, has some teething problems - I'm sure you could get better.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>freely
<Content>cool hotel Lovely hotel, great rooms nice  clean. Small do-able walk from the centre (not a prob!!) and if it is tram 25 or 26 takes you to central station every few mins for 1.46euros.Overall very happy with the hotel but found the bar staff to be extremely rude  bad mannered. They were actually fighting over who would have to serve us. Excellent representitives for the hotel!!! But dont let that put you off, Great place to stay would recommend it despite the idiots in the bar!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>747/400
<Content>Great View       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	-1	4	5	5	

<Author>Wingk
<Content>ok, but some problems this is a new hotel, but it has some major problems for biz traveller like me.firstly, the wireless internet is free, but it hangs every computers connected to it, a few of my business buddies were having the same problem.breakfast, the buffer breakfast has limited choice of food, it a far cry from any 3-stars hotel that I been to, I hope their rating is at least 3-stars.housing-keeping, they provide fresh towels, but bed is not properly made.checking in, only 1 staff was around when our group check in, there is no welcome drinks, but the staff smile sure brighten the day.there is not even currency exchange at the hotel, we were advise to go to the town center for currency exchange, but after a day at the office, after 7 at the evening. most banks would be close.like the same review from others, the room is clean  hotel is new. that's about it.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>larina
<Content>Miserable M枚venpick I stayed a couple of days is this hotel recently, and was not satisfied at all. For this price I would like much better service. We arrived at the hotel at 6 p.m. not too late, not too early for check-in. The check-in was however ridiculous. We - a group of twelve - entered, nobody at the door said a hello or hi. In fact there was no doorman or boy, who would help with the luggages or parking the cars. The only entrance is a revolving door, it's really fast, and I had to watch out even without luggages not to get hit by it. In my opinion there is a great risk of accident at the door for old or disabled people or guests with huge and heavy luggages. At the reception we had to wait approximately 30 minutes to get our keys. There were three girls at the desks, two of them didn't seem to care of the guests at all. The third one was illeterate. She said, she couldn't make the check-in, because she couldn't spell the names because of the foreign characters. The following characters are in my colleague's name: A, B, C, J, L, S, Y, Z, all printed in Latin capital characters is his passport. I'm still curious which of those is foreign in the Netherlands.There were beautiful clean windows everywhere in Amsterdam, except my hotelroom. In M枚venpick windows has not been cleaned for at least half a year, or maybe since the hotel was built. It is a non-smoking hotel, and if you smoke a cigarette, you have to pay a penalty of 150 euros for cleaning. However I don't think rooms are cleaned very often. My desk was dusty, and there were unidentifiable brown stains (faeces, puke, blood?) in my bathroom. The brochure promises free wireless internet in the rooms. But my laptop couldn't find any wireless network, and other guests also complained that there were no wireless internet in their rooms. We could only use cabel internet, for which guests have to pay.The most ridiculous is that the receptionist distrained 300 euros on the guests' credit cards for using the minibar. But minibars are totally EMPTY!There were no slippers, no bathrobe, and only one piece of tissue in the tissue-box in my bathroom. If guests ran out of instant coffee and cream, soap etc. on the first days of their stay, the staff would not give more automatically. So it's really advisable to pack everything you might need (tissue, soap, body milk, coffee whitener, sugar etc.) in your baggage.We attended a conference, and the lunch was served in the hotel. I like hot meals, but the Asian soup was so hot and spicy, that none of us could eat more than a spoonful of it. The main dish was some potatoes with cauliflowers, not really tasty. Only the dessert was edible. The breakfast costs approximately 20 euros, the food is average: eggs, bacon, cheese, muesli, cornflakes etc. The only speciality is that guests can't serve coffee and tea for themselves, they have to wait for the staff. Actually five or six waiters are standing around, watching, and walking all the time, but they do not want to serve anything. Once I had to ask the waiter five times to bring some coffee, before he finally served me. It is also very uncomfortable, that the elevator works only with the roomcards. It takes a while to learn how to use the cards. If you put them in the slot too early, or too late, the elevator won't work. Besides this roomcards often spoil.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Dyce
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just returned from a long weekend stay at the Movenpick Hotel, Amsterdam. We were dealt with quickly at the check in desk and welcome drinks were provided. The Staff were helpful, friendly and very pleasant. The room was bright, airy, very clean and we were supplied with fresh towels every day. We were allocated a room on the sixteenth floor which gave us a spectacular view. The security was obviously taken well into account when this hotel was built as you need to use your key card for your room to activate the lift which we thought was a great idea. There is a courtesy bus which takes you from the hotel to the Central Station every hour on the hour until 18.00hrs.There is also an excellent tram service which runs very frequently and can be caught across the road from the hotel. If you prefer walking, it is only a ten minute walk to Central Station which is central to the City Centre. On our last evening, we went to the Restaurant for a beautifully prepared buffet meal and again, the staff were very professional and attentive. This is the first time we have been to this hote and it certainly WILL NOT be the last!!Sandy and Brenda - Aberdeen, Scotland  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coysh
<Content>A Brilliant hotel what a find I have just stayed in this hotel for the weekend and it was very good. Having read the reviews left by others I was wondering if I would find it OK and would it be a problem getting in to the centre and back again. When you come out of the station take the exit Nord with a picture of a boat and look right you can not miss it is the very big building with Movenpick in red letters which are lighted up at night. It is very reassuring when you arrive at a strange city to be able to get to your hotel so easily. It is only a 10 minute walk and not 20 as some have suggested. The walk will do you good and it is not far. A small tip as you approach the hotel there is a bridge go over it do not attempt to stay by the river bank as you will have to walk up a flight of stairs at the end. The entrance is very clear as you come over the bridge there are three giant flag poles with massive banners with Movenpick on them how people said they could not see it is beyond me.. Walking back at night I felt perfectly safe. It is well lit with plenty of passing traffic. The one time I did take a cab due to overindulgence late at night cost a reasonable 9 Euro from Dam square. The hotel itself is very clean and the rooms are very modern with great views out across Amsterdam on a sunny day you can see for ever. Both check in and check out went very smoothly.There where 6 people on duty and it was very busy but we were signed in within minutes of arrival they even had a niece drink awaiting you. All the staff are very polite and happy as you would expect. If they still have the happy hour take advantage drinks half price. 17:00 to 19:00. There are two free internet terminals on the ground floor I wish all hotels offered this service instead of trying to charge for it. I would stay at this hotel again but I doubt I will get the cracking good rate I did this time as I am sure if they maintain the excellent levels of service I encountered it will only become more and more popular. This is the first time I have stayed at this chain but I will look out for them in the future well done.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Autumnearthangel
<Content>Spectacular views!! 11-13th February 2007 My friend and I had the most wonderful room on the 20th floor (we were asked whether we wanted higher or lower floor accommodation) with spectacular views over the harbour- night-time particularly magical....The room was quiet ,tastefully modern, comfortable and scrupulously clean. A really expansive breakfast - with just about anything a body could manage to eat!!Service prompt and respectful -nothing was too much trouble.As I am a regular visitor to Amsterdam and surrounding district with plenty of experience of both hotels and self-catering properties I would recommend this hotel, I shall certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Actionfilter
<Content>I loved this place!!! I had none of the problems mentioned by previous reviews, so it looks to me that they have taken things to heart. The location is a beauty, a gorgeous harbor view.Admittedly my view is in large extent based on the rate I got, which was pretty low, 87 E incl. breakfast. For that same rate I had given up a room on the Buerstraat which did not incl. breakfast, no brainer.I did not find it that far from where I wanted to get to mostly, which is the Central area, Singel, Damrak to Dam Square. There is a good tram service very close to the hotel and a Shuttle - You need to reserve this btw. The walk is fine, there is an interesting way to do it which was not mentioned. You can take the promenade and get off at the Music Gebouw, next door, then walk down the steps to the same level as the hotel, it's right there. This Musicgebouw can also provide you w/ a very nice cafe, reasonable drinks and food. Gin was 2E a shot, there was beer, Belgian a bit more exp. Tapas at 4.5 E. A wide and interesting show range.Another way to walk is to stay on ground level and go under the bridge you get to a parking lot, and go straight, where there are small offices, very picturesque. Still another option is to take the Promenade straight not making a left at Centraal Station, this will get you to the Singel area eventually.I liked the bar, especially the happy hour! Room was fine, exceedingly comfortable bed.Breakfast was a feast. I took advantage of the non-breakfast items the Kimchi Korean Cabbage/Ginger salad, Cous-Cous, many vegetables, Pasta, fruits, soy milk!Seating is a bit awkward but not that bad. Internet connection is great, 24/7, 2 terminals.What is not to like?  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deepdvr_ca
<Content>Great Stay at New Hotel Loved this hotel. Across the street from Central Station and on the bay. The people were very friendly and helpful. They gave us free shuttle rides and were very helpful setting up dining reservations. The bar was very cool. The room was nothing short of outstanding. Extremely comfortable bed. Very modern. The bathroon was excellent!!! I especially enjoyed the naked Germans in the no charge sauna at the no charge spa. My only complaint is that we ordered a cheese tray that was embarrasing. It was the equivalent of a plate of Kraft Singles here in the US.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vickeh
<Content>Fantastic a little difficult for access Stayed for 3 nights room very comfortable huge bed very clean it was a pleasure to stay there and I would definately stay again. However the walk into town centre is 10 to 15mins not too bad but its a little awkward to get to the entrance of the hotel it looks very easy on approach but you have to go all the way to the bottom of an arching road and then cut accross to the passenger terminal to get to it not really a major prob but could be a bit of a b@@er after a long day walk when feet are tired. If your young and or fit then no probs if you want to have easy access and want to be in city centre then dont bother. I would reccomend it was fab!!!!PS breakfast was a shock it was not included but me and my fella decided to try it one morning it worked out costing 42euros!!!!! very expensive  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TizzieBelle
<Content>Over-rated hotel I totally agree with the previous review. This hotel has lots of issues. We stayed from the 27th January for three nights. The hotel is about a 5 min drive from the train station (take a train from Schiphol not a taxi as it is only 4 euros each and the trains leave from the airport every 15 mins). The hotel is 20 mins from the centre, the walk is fine and that was not a problem. It was the access that was the problem. There are no clear walkways and you have to walk under dark, un-lit bridges at night to get back to the hotel. It is really frustrating as you can see the main entrance from the bridge but you then have to walk for another 5-7 mins to the end of the bridge and the walk back in the opposite direction (there is no walkway or staircase available). Taxis are way over priced and best to avoid or agree a price before you set off. Hotel staff are not really friendly (bar staff are very nice though) and we only encountered one smiling face on check in and that was the guest standing next to us!! The concierge are non existent. We had to drag luggage to our room only to find we were not given the right type of room, then to come back down again with luggage in hand.Rooms are clean and adequate BUT be aware if you book a king bedroom, you get a kingsize bed with two small single duvets. They do not provide one king duvet. This meant cold feet all night and this style is totally couple unfriendly. You might as well book a twin bed and sleep separately. I asked for a king duvet and the guest relations just said well this is our style. I said well we are both cold and with a king bed you would expect an adequate sized duvet and all she said was well you can turn the room temperature up. Apparently this is a normal procedure for a Dutch hotel. I can't honestly believe it and I think the world has gone mad if they really think that a couple can sleep adequately together in a king bed with a single duvet per person. I think the hotel is totally over-rated and would only be suitable for business travelers traveling alone who don鈥檛 really need to leave the hotel during their stay. We will highly recommend using the trams and buy an I amsterdam discount card from tourist information as it gives you free entry to loads of attractions, free bus and tram travel and also discounts on other attractions and restaurants. Restaurants to recommend; Restaurant Brasserie Di Poort (part of Di Poort Van Cleve Hotel), is near Dam Square and serves gorgeous meals. It is fairly pricey if you go for three courses and wine and come to about 拢50 per person but it is worth it.Amsterdam is a wonderful city and very beautiful but try to avoid the Movenpick.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>vouvoune
<Content>would not go back or suggest it to anyone The rooms were nice looking and modern but everything else about the stay was painful, long and no way a 4 star service. Location: To start with, it is NOT AT ALL in the center. It takes 20 minutes to walk to the center or a pricey $40 cab ride both ways. It isnot a convenient location at all and the walk from the hotel is pretty sketchy. The most bothersome of the whole experience wasprobably the location. I truly felt that it was false advertisement. It was so far from the center that we feel that we didn't do things we would have otherwise done if the hotel was REALLY in the center. I fell that it truly tarnished our vacation. We REALLY wanted to be in the middle of the action and were far from it. The staff was inefficient, unfriendly and SO slow. My first impression was already bad. We arrived at the front desk, there was 3 persons working with one costumer so there was no line. It took 15 minutes for us to be addressed! At no point were we welcomed, told about how long it would take, or to take a seat for a while we wait.The type of things you expect in a 4 star establishment. We were not even acknowledged. When we check-out at the front desk, my husband rested his foot to tie his shoe on the little shelves meant to rest your computerbag on and a manager got off his cell phone to reprimand him on this act. Again, this is not very 4 star attitude. My husband wasdressed in a suit with spotless shoes and this reprimand was quite unnecessary.Cleanliness: the room had not been not really cleaned after our first day there -although the beds were made- and the second day, no one came to clean. It'sclearly unacceptable in a 4 star establishment.Elevators: Only 4 elevators for a 20 story, 408 rooms! They are supposed to hold 13 person but even with 10 thin looking individual it was uncomfortably tight, so imagine what it's like with bigger people and suitcase. Everybody was complaining about how slow they are and often time, when they stopped they were full. Also, for some reason theelevators would not stop by our floor. We would press the button and we would see the elevators passing us up and down withoutstopping. One time we waited 15 minutes for one. Another time, the elevators were not working after we arrived from long day ofwalking around the city. We were exhausted but since tons of people were waiting in the hallway we decided to climb the stairs to the 10th floor only to find out that you couldn't! Some staff members told/showed us that at each staircase you need a special key to get to the next fly of stairs.I am not sure how that will work if there is a fire or during a blackout. Concierge: very unhelpful, every time we had a question it felt like we were bothering them and our questions were left unanswered.City tax: at the end of our stay the hotel charged us with a city tax of about $20 which I don't feel we should be accountable for.I have never heard of that before and usually when I use the reservation system I use, everything is included and if I don't usehotel services, I shouldn't have anything more to pay, I have never had until then.Amsterdam and I would NOT recommend it to other costumers. I await more from a 4 star hotel and to me this hotel is not up to thestandards I have been accustomed to. I used an all inclusive reservation system (priceline) and I would like to be refunded the city tax as in all my travel I never had to pay such a thing and priceline did not mention it.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>tvldiva
<Content>Loved Movenpick My husband and I stayed there for three nights Jan. 10-13, 2007. The hotel was extremely clean and comfortable. The bathroom was in pristine condition, with a tub. The decor is modern, with down comforters. They had different types of pillows you could request to maximize your comfort. Any requests, i.e. pillows and extra towels, were delivered very promptly. We were greeted at the door when we arrived and a bellhop immediately got a cart for our luggage. There was also fresh juice provided to us while we were checking in. They have a free shuttle to take you to the train station every hour from 7 am to 1800 pm. It is just a ten minute walk from the hotel to city center. I have no complaints and would definitely stay at any movenpick hotel in the future. Also, there was a great breakfast included in the price of our room. It would have easily cost us $30 or more for a similar breakfast anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigdawg9
<Content>Great place to stay! What a great place to stay. I was there in Dec. 2006 - the hotel is new and beautiful with large rooms and a decent spa.When I got there, the staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and there was a complimentary drink given to you during the check in.The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Amsterdam Central station - if you have luggage, spend the 10 Euros and take a cab. With no luggage, it is a nice well lit walk back to the city.The food was good, internet connections all worked well and the staff was excellent.All in all, I highly recommend this location.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jah-d
<Content>Experienced racial discrimination               
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	3	1	4	

<Author>LC2005
<Content>Great hotel        Twin bed room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mdudfp
<Content>Good looks, No bath, and Long Walk! hii stayed in this hotel in Nov 2006, with my girlfriend. It had some good reviews, and thought it would be good place to stay. It is a nice airy hotel, with lots of nice modern touches. But it had some SERIOUS downside to it!1) Firtsly , there was no bath in the room, it was a walk in shower, which was fine, but am used to baths.2) Service at the front desk was very poor, it was like waiting at an airport check in counter, as there just wasnt enought staff to deal with the ques.3) the hotel entrance is a small revolving door, hidden beneath a bridge!!! this is absoultely shocking!!, although you can see the hotel from the station, when you get closer, you just dont know how to get to the entrance!!4) it is about 20 min walk form central station and the nigt life areas, but WOMEN be careful, as it is a little scary , and dark when walking back from a night out to the hotel!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdwacw
<Content>New Hotel With A Few Problems This hotel is very new. The rooms are very nice and comfortable.A good breakfast buffet is served for 15 Euros. The hotel staff needs a little more training. I think because the hotel is so new various problems need to be addressed. The rooms were very warm and the cooling system did not cool the rooms. Upon opening the windows, the sound of the trains is constant because of the proximity to Central Station. On our third night at the hotel, a band was playing outside so loudly that we were not able to sleep until after 1 AM. After calling the front desk in the afternoon to have my room cleaned, the room was never cleaned. The staff did bring clean linens after I complained to the front desk.It is about a 20 minute walk to Central Station. Central Station has some restaurants and a grocery store. If you walk out on the other side of Central Station, there are many restaurants and sites to see. For the kids, there is a Burger King upstairs at Central Station.I feel that this hotel will improve with time.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Adyson
<Content>Excellent, Modern, Great Service I stayed at the Movenpick for two nights on December 10th. The hotel is brand new, exceedingly clean and modern with great views of the harbor and city. The staff provided superb service (the women tending bar were delightful.) Their breakfast buffet is extensive. It is a hike from the true city center, although I used the tram which was fairly convenient and inexpensive (less than 2 euros.) Although other locations may be more convenient, this hotel provides more modern clean comfort than probably any you can book closer to town.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pommyscot
<Content>Great hotel, but some teething problems My 2 friends and myself stayed here for 2 nights 8 and 9 December 2006.We were delighted with the standard of, and views from, our 15th floor room (very comfortable beds)and we loved the buffet breakfast. I don't understand how anyone could say it wasn't up to much! Fantastic choice of cooked breakfast, breads, cold cuts, fruits, cereals, etc. Omelettes and fried eggs were cooked to order. On the downside, on our first morning there weren't enough staff to cope with so many people, and the service was poor as a result.The only major problem we had during our stay, was on returning to our room after a very long day in the city at 6.45pm, we were surprised and disappointed to find the cleaner had just arrived to clean our room! He was about to leave without replacing our coffee cups and wine glasses, and when we requested a change, he took them into the bathroom and rinsed them in the washhand basin! Bathroom floor wasn't cleaned and bins weren't emptied either. Frankly, the cleaner seemed exhausted, since we guessed he had been cleaning since early morning. We spoke to the manager and he apologised, citing staff shortage. We asked for compensation, and he offered us 60 euros reduction in our bill, which we accepted.All in all, I would recommend this hotel. It's position is somewhat remote, and the area under development, but if you don't mind a 10 to 15 minute walk or 10 euros per trip in a taxi, go ahead and book. Things should be a great deal better in a year or two, with lots of development planned in that area.Final point. Very poor lighting in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. A single female traveller would feel very uneasy, and this is something which should be addressed immediately.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LazyDave
<Content>Modern and comfortable hotel We stayed two nights at the Movenpick. We got a taxi from the airport (50 Eur), though in hindsight the free shuttle provided would have made more sense.We were greeted at the hotel with a soft drink while we checked in.Our room was very modern and spacious.The bathroom was well above average with a large shower area.It was explained to us at reception that breakfast was either free on the 3rd floor or a 10 Eur supplement on the 2nd. It was soon evident that everyone used the second, and equally clear that they didn't charge a supplement. Having said that, the breakfast was first class, with a choice better than some much more expensive hotels we have stayed at. There is a free internet area on the ground floor, and a pleasant bar.One annoying thing was that the maid was constantly trying to get in to clean the room, and there was no do not disturb sign. It wasn't as though we were late to breakfast- she started knocking from 8.15 onwards. She was, though, pleasant and polite. I would suggest this is just a teething problem as the hotel is new.The location is not in an attractive area. However, for any able-bodied person the walk to central station is a comfortable 10 minute walk. Dam square is, perhap, a 10 minute brisk walk.In summary, I would definitely use this hotel again. However it's ultra modern appearance might begin to look a little tired and dated in a few year's time.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>trishandjoan
<Content>great hotel great location my boyfriend and stayed at the hotel on the first weekend of novmber, the taxi driver know where it was and had us there in 10 mins. the check in was short and sweet, very polite and helpfull.the room was large and had 2 bed pushed togethere. the bathroom was big to and had all the things you need, a good hairdrier.the walk in to town took about 15 mins and on our last day after lots of shopping we walked thrugh to the back entrence of central station and got to the hotel much faster. just walk towards the canal and turn right it will be in front of you.they have a shuttle to central. the gym is nice and the sauna is fabwe loved it and will be back  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>erica,esq
<Content>Great Hotel!!!!! My husband and I actually booked to stay at another hotel in the city center. When we attempted to check in, we were told that they overbooked, and that we would be staying at a new hotel about a mile away. We were dissapointed to be out of the city center, since we were only staying in Amsterdam for one day. However, the Moevenpick Hotel was by far much nicer than the original hotel. It is new and clean with amazing views of the Harbor. The hotel even gave us a room with a harbor view! After spending many hours in the city center, it was a relief to take the short (one stop) tram ride to the Moevenpick, wich was much quieter and cleaner than most of the more central hotels. The Moevenpick even has an amazing bar in which we had several drinks to relax after all the red light craziness. We decided that this will def be the hotel in which we stay next time in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>David Bristol
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Fab Service, Upgraded Room A++++ Fantastic new hotel 10 mins walk from Central Station. As some reviewers have pointed out, it is a fair way from town but is only around 10 euros in a taxi to dam square, central station etc. got it for a fantastic rate of 100GBP per night plus city tax so a good deal. arrived at 10am left luggage no problem. returned at 1pm (an hour earlier than advertised check in) and recived an upgraded room (junior suite) as no standard doubles were available. Room was immaculate and obviously less than two months old. shower hot and powerful, aircon didnt seem to work meaning it was rather hot but not a huge problem. checked out over an hour late, no doggy looks or snide comments. First class throughout. A note to the bad reviewers... no-one claimed it was right in the centre and its a brand new contemporary style hotel, not a 90's marriott with floral curtains and bed covers.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrs.mops
<Content>Really super hotel Stayed at the Movenpick for a three night stay and was a little apprehensive as it is only recently opened and primarily attracts business travellers whilst we were away for a girls weekend. From the time we checked in to the time we left, the service was first class and I would find it very difficult to fault anything. My last stay in Amsterdam was at a hotel in Dam square which was really central so I found this slightly more awkward to get to and from but they state it's 10 minutes from Central Station to walk so that was exactly as advertised.Rooms were super, a lot of money invested in both desinging and furnishing the hotel. Beds were extremely comfortable, beautiful bathroom and we were lucky to have a superb view over the canal which was like nothing you could ever imagine once it got dark at night. Amazing.Breakfast fab, bar very cosy but the one thing above everything was the service. Staff couldn't do enough to help throughout our stay and didn't treat us .any differently when we left the hotel in our jeans for a days shopping whilst the Armani suit guys left for business which is a nice thing to say.Highly recommend it but if you don't like walking the 10 mins. to Dam square you should stay somehwere more central but it won't be anything like the Movenpick!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ams
<Content>Surprisingly Impressed by the Movenpick Amsterdam Having read recent reviews from other guests here, I was a little anxious about my stay. However, thus far (1 night into my 3 night stay) I am really rather impressed. Leaving Central Station, you have the choice of trams 25 (inconveniently located stop at CS) or 26 or a walk along a somewhat industrial waterside road to get to the hotel's stop, beside a large music building. Ongoing construction in the road outside the hotel makes direct access inconvenient: crossing the footbridge to the music building then walking down the steps and along is the most direct route, although some might find the many steps up to the bridge for the return trip somewhat arduous. This hurdle overcome, I was pleasantly surprised upon entering the lobby. Calm, clean and light sums up the area, which was well staffed by (admittedly young) well turned out staff. I was checked in by a girl who was being trained by colleague: she did a fine job and I was directed to the elevator after being given a summary of the property. Having requested a high, quiet, room I was directed to the 11th floor; my room enjoys sideways views of both the water and the city. Looking across to a deserted evening building in the evening, I was able to leave my curtains open to enjoy the night lights across the area. The room is well designed with enough space (though it's not roomy by US standards, certainly) to move about. I understand the sofa can convert into a single bed: it'd have to be a very small person who slept on it comfortably, though! A glass desk fairly well lit by a lamp (with a worryingly flimsy plastic switch) gives ample space for your laptop and is connected to a unit with kettle, tea/coffe-making items. The A/C worked well and was unobtrusive and each bedside table has a power outlet in case you have lot of phones, etc. to charge. The room has been designed to maximize floor space - it is very uncluttered, which provides plenty of room for those travelling with large amounts of luggage. The bathroom has a very spacious shower (no bath/tub) and a good-sized basin with a small selection of nice-smelling toiletries. The glass door is opaque for privacy and the sound from the TV is piped through so you don't have to miss a second if nature calls in the middle of a show.Adequate storage space contained self-setting PIN-operated safe and a small refrigerator containing a complimentary bottle of mineral water - a nice touch, I felt.A small glitch with WiFi was explained by the helpful reception clerk: apparently, the hotel's system currently allows only 50 rooms access to the WiFi network at any one time - clearly inadequate, and frustrating if you happen to be the 51st person trying to access his/her email. I was informed that the system is due to be upgraded this week to one which will be capable of allowing all rooms simultaneous access if they so desire. To sum up, I am enjoying my stay here - while certainly it lacks the convenience of the downtown hotels, you do have a wonderful feeling of space and a short, efficient tram ride takes you to/from the action of the city centre in 5 minutes.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>je135
<Content>Very nice place, certain drawbacks Two college students studying abroad stayed here for a weekend 10/19-23. Priceline gave us the Movenpick Amsterdam for a great price. We arrived at Centraal Station, went outside and saw the massive building and just walked to it, taking about 12 minutes with a backpack and carry-on each, no sweat. Checkin was a breeze, staff was nice, and they honored our request for a room on the top floor for the views. Room was beautiful and we couldn't complain much. Free Wireless internet was nice but it kept working, then not working, then working again, then not working again, which got a little frustrating.Almost every time, we walked to Centraal Station and then up towards the rest of the city because Movenpick does not have a prime location to the city centre. However, this walk was not bad, and I just had to keep reminding myself that it was worth it for the price we paid. Had we paid full price for the room, I probably would have been very disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>darealbiz
<Content>Bring supplies I had to come to Amsterdam for the weekend for business meeting on Monday and stayed at the Movenpick fairly blind. This hotel is definently having teething pains:1) bathrooms doors are glass and relatively see through, nice privacy for others in your room2) No vending machines, store, water, ANYTHING. Good luck if you get thirsty.3) It is 10-15 minutes walk to get to everything - not terrible - but reality4) Breakfast buffet isn't very good5) This place is COLD - very institutional - there is NO COLOR - bring something with color on it so you can find your way out6) I don''t think this place has a sprinklers in the rooms7) The place isn't ready yet, no room service menus, etcThe good1) Free internet access - but it did go out on us2) New hotel, everything is new; beds are comfortableBottom line - stay downtown - you're here - why walk 10 minutes?  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Yokoso8
<Content>Er... what can I say? I got to Amsterdam a lot and this time, some friends and I decided to stay at the new Movenpick. I felt compelled to post a reivew this time.I'll start with the positive points:The room and bathroom were lovely. We had a great view over the city and harbour. Pillows etc were really comfy. Interior was great and it was very clean.Now the rest:Most of the staff, with the exception of a few, that we encountered were rude, could not understand simple questions or requests and simply had no idea what was going on. Both my friend and I agreed that there was bit of an attitude problem going on. This was surprising to me because at any other hotel I've stayed at in Amsterdam over the last 9 years, from the 1* to the 5* I've never had those issues. For example..We found that most (not all) the day time reception staff pleasant however the night time staff were a different story. They were unhelpful, not bothered and rude. An example: Simple questions like 'Do you have internet here?' or 'Do you know of / can find me a mechanic?' proved too difficult or too much of an effort to understand and answer. One member of staff thought our questions were beyond the service the hotel provides. We had only asked him about where we could find a mechanic and NOT asked him to fix the car. When asking if they had internet, she replied 'NO'. I asked 'do you have a business centre'? she replied 'NO'. I said well do you know any internet cafe's near by she said 'NO'. I assume the reason for her unhelpful abrupt answers because I may have interupted her having a happy chat with the colleague even though I had waited for her to finish.We had 3 people staying in our room. 2 people for 2 nights and 3 people for 3 nights. On the last night with the 3rd person We were given 2 towels and no extra bed linen for the sofa bed. Fair enough but then when we called reception to ask them on late saturday night to bring extra bed linen and a towel up - they didn't! I ordered a taxi - The concierge told me to come down as it was there. It was not there. I asked and was told 5 mins. I waited for 20 mins, asked again but then no one knew, until thinking it'd be quicker to walk or take the tram rather than wait for the hotel to do anything for me.On check out I asked the receptionist to put a certain amount on my credit card and the difference on my friend's card. I explained this to her three times. She then charged my card for the full amount. When I mentioned her mistake, she said, rather annoyed, that 'I had told her to do that'. I looked at my friends rather puzzled as we had explained three times. She corrected it.I think it would be a better hotel once fully done and certain staff members get lessons in communication and interpersonal skills. I wouldn't stay here again. I prefer a hotel thats more centrally located so I can walk to most places in 5 - 10 mins as opposed to 20 - 35 mins but on that note it is our fault for choosing this hotel and interpreting 'walking distance' as meaning 5 - 10 mins.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>dav504
<Content>Do not stay in this hotel if you want a true Amsterdam experience When I travel for business, my company asks me to use Priceline. I've happened to have good experiences with the site about 80% of the time and the prices you can get are unreal, but based on my stay at the Movenpick Hotel in Amsterdam, I am becoming more wary (this review is as much about Priceline as the Movenpick). The brand new 4 star hotel (cost-$100 per night through Priceline's bidding feature) purports to be in the city center of Amsterdam, but actually it is built next to the river and adjacent from the Shipping terminal. This is an area that in theory is in the city center, but because of it's location, is actually removed from it by highways and bridges. In effect, you do not walk out of the hotel and step directily into the city center. Therefore, one must rely on an expensive taxi ride, an hourly shuttle bus, or a tram in order to get over to the true city side. This is a real inconvenience, especially if one is shopping and acquiring bags (thus the need for a taxi) and going out in the evening (again most likely you must depend on a taxi going from and coming back). I would assume that most people visiting this city want to enjoy the charm of being directly in the city, and not at a hotel that is truly only there for business conferences. To make matters worse, they have the most uncomfortable beds I have ever had the chance to not sleep on. I had to change rooms at 3:00 AM when I could not fall asleep (even with the help of my Ambien) and had had enough fantasizing that I was locked up in a penitentary. The bed in the second room seemed slightly less brick like and I managed to rough it out for the two nights I stayed there. I would like to also mention the rumble that seems to emanate/vibrate outside the sound proof windows on the side of the shipping terminal. I found out the terminal has a huge generator that makes this noise. I was told that not one person had ever complained to the employee that helped me but I assure you, if you are sensitive to noise, do not take a room on the side of the shipping terminal. There is also no shop to buy water, newspapers, etc., surprsing for a large modern hotel. I had to walk down the road to the Shipping terminal just to find a vending machine. It is unfair that Priceline has put this hotel into their city center category. The great price I received was undermined by the incovenience and the expense of transportation. I will admit that I sku to the side of high maintenance, but I guarantee that you will miss out on a true Amsterdam experience if you don't give yourself a chance to stay right in it. I felt like a person staring in at the party and not being allowed to come in.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	1	2	3	

<Author>prisoner1
<Content>Newly opened, a lot to improve I stayed at the hotel on business. Very modern and only 5 mins by tram from Centraal Station or 10 euro by cab. Had to use the ironing facilites, asked 4 times, still waiting. Lunch was for around 200 people with absolutly no organisation. Saying that the food was good especially breakfast. Perhaps I will return one day when their service problems have been addressed!! Saying that, a huge company such as Movenpick should have them solved before the doors opened initially. WI-FI was not working which, as I was there on business, was very frustrating. All in all a nice hotel though.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>beakbubble
<Content>Must stay again! we were on the 17th floor with a big window and an amazing view!!!! the facilities were good although we didnt get chance to use them with only staying two nights and seeing amsterdam. bar was a bit pricey and no lock on the bathroom door but so so very posh - loved it! the room was very fun with lots of hidden storage and gadgets to explore and buttons to press. nice decor, clean, friendly - i could just live there!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Capebrux
<Content>Lots of things to fix This is going to be a great hotel for the business traveler once they work out all the bugs in the hotel facilities and finish the hotel. At this time, I would not recommend that anyone stay here. During my October 6-8 stay, there was no hot water in the hotel one day, and neither the free WIFI nor the paid ADSL worked on a consistent basis. Additionally, certain wooden furnishings in the bathroom had not be finished. This was actually funny because when you left a most towel on these furnishing it lifted the stain off. Also, please note that this hotel is not in the city centre as advertised. It is a good 15 minute walk to Centraal Station. The walk is a bit scary at night when the Tram is not running. You have to go under the train tracks and across traffic in a dimly light area.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	3	-1	1	

<Author>Scubapro1957
<Content>Still has teething problems   showReview(5928895, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BJonthego
<Content>Very Pleasant   showReview(5927942, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parkview094
<Content>Not a bad choice..   showReview(5902070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Quirkyqwert
<Content>Bad experience   showReview(5896334, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sannah_swe
<Content>First guests at the hotel   showReview(5835653, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Doude
<Content>Nice new hotel       The hotel  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>roup1
<Content>Awesome - Clean, Modern, and Convenient       Good Work Area  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tranquila
<Content>5-star it is definitely Not!   showReview(5823371, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	4	3	2	1	

<Author>CanadianBoys
<Content>Crisp, Clean and Functional   showReview(5772730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Holiday-Lover-001
<Content>Great Place To Stay   showReview(5767254, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Claire271
<Content>Tr茅s bon h么tel       Chambre standard  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dantp
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(20363791, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leticia1712
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(20000432, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrumnahes Tophotel zum g眉nstigen Preis   showReview(20549988, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel indicato anche per famiglie   showReview(20549986, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s propre, moderne, proche du centre   showReview(19632851, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien mais...   showReview(19632850, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht   showReview(19632835, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yorunojin
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel o霉 je compte retourner !   showReview(19408621, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Amsterdam   showReview(19632842, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima vista e rapporto qualit脿- prezzo   showReview(19632827, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elmaxbad
<Content>Una pasada de hotel   showReview(19340352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19632840, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(19632839, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht, Nah am Geschehen   showReview(19632838, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel, mais pas tr猫s central   showReview(19632837, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis -/ Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19632836, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(19632833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einer der sch枚nsten Hotels die ich kenne   showReview(19632849, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maxtrier
<Content>Ein modernes Hotel   showReview(19098046, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 recommander chaudement   showReview(19632822, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19632821, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un tr茅s bon pied 脿 terre   showReview(19632820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>l hotel n est pas au centre de la ville mais on peut l atteindre a pied   showReview(19632848, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(19632818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able 脿 10 min 脿 pied de la gare ferroviaire   showReview(19632846, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Claudio19
<Content>Che colazione !   showReview(18905138, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(19632843, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>einfach super passt alles   showReview(19632817, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>design hotel dans le port d'amsterdam   showReview(19632845, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel einziges Problem: sehr teure Tiefgarage   showReview(19632831, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel am Rande des Stadtzentrums   showReview(19632832, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert!   showReview(19632829, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(19632823, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19632819, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent h么tel avec tr猫s belle vue sur le port.   showReview(18532497, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(18532496, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel dista circa 500 metri dalla stazione e 1000 da piazza dam   showReview(18532494, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ottimo e nuovo, attenzione a colazione (cara) e PARCHEGGIO   showReview(18532490, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Elegant, modern, citynah   showReview(17431837, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons   showReview(17431835, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel proche de la gare centrale   showReview(17431834, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BEL HOTEL MAI S LOIN DU CENTRE   showReview(16604147, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>praonando
<Content>Gran hotel       desde el piso 19  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Hotel, auch f眉r mehrere Tage   showReview(15568169, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gene wieder   showReview(14730888, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon hotel - vous ne serez pas d茅莽u   showReview(13974401, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13974400, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>scelta azzeccata   showReview(13974399, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙偨銈炽兂銇岃嚜鐢便伀浣裤亪銇俱仚   showReview(19167878, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenhotel   showReview(13194619, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SUPER   showReview(13194620, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pulizia e ottimi servizi   showReview(18532495, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(18532493, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Conforme 脿 la description   showReview(11303727, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon hotel, confortable et spacieux mais impersonnel   showReview(11303717, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confort zen   showReview(11303715, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11303714, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon hotel se nuovamente in offerta ci tornerei subito   showReview(11303712, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Neues Hotel unweit von Zentrum   showReview(11303718, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moevenpick steril   showReview(11303716, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vraiment g茅nial avec une vue splendide   showReview(11657427, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11303713, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Amsterdam Wochenende   showReview(11303711, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliato a tutti   showReview(11657420, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(11657421, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Anonym Nicht bem眉ht Hotel Moevenpick   showReview(11303710, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(11657426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr tolles neues Hotel in Amsterdam   showReview(11657422, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(11657418, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder wie fast alle m枚venpick-hotels   showReview(11657417, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(11657428, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumhaft gelegen wohne n盲chstens wieder dort   showReview(11657416, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MattFerrara
<Content>Hotel molto grande e moderno       bagno  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel : Moevenpick Hotel Amsterdam City Centre   showReview(11443283, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kann man bedenkenlos weiterempfehlen   showReview(11443278, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅   showReview(11443272, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel qui force le confort   showReview(11443271, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Supersch枚nes Hotel im ruhigen viertel von Amsterdam   showReview(11443274, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderno e confortevole   showReview(11443269, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La plus belle vue sur le vieux Amsterdam   showReview(11443264, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo.   showReview(11443262, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>petit-escargot
<Content>Bel H么tel       Salle de douche  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(11491182, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅al bien plac茅 et tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(11491179, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(11491178, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>komfortabler aufenthalt zentrumsnah   showReview(11491176, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Innen hui, Au脽en pfui!   showReview(11427244, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>amsterdams bestes hotel mit aussicht   showReview(11427243, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(11427241, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in Amsterdam   showReview(11427240, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11427239, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gut anzufahren, gerne wieder   showReview(11427238, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage!   showReview(11427237, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erwartungen erf眉llt   showReview(11427236, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der Himmel 眉ber Amsterdam   showReview(11427196, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sukai
<Content>Nichts auszusetzen   showReview(7415253, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(11401894, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in der N盲he des Zentrums   showReview(11394872, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bguerin
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(6902918, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

