<Author>st3phie
<Content>Bravo Beach Hotel Vieques has amazing pristine white sand beaches. Untouched, secluded, natural, and what a variety! Red beach was my favorite, it is a sheltered crescent. What I'm getting at here is that you go to vieques for the beaches, not for a hotel... If you're looking for a beach-front hotel this is not your island. BBH is on the coast, a kind of slimy rock beach. To get to the sandy awesomeness you must rent a car, preferably 4wd, and be willing to trek off into the wilds.BBH has an extremely friendly helpful staff- they scooped us up from the ferry our first day, and arranged our rental jeep.They'll pack you a nice lunch to take to the beach. The food is pretty good at the hotel. You won't want to use the pool by the restaraunt, but the one by the honor bar is more private  we spent a couple of enjoyable hours there.Locals of the island's south shore seem to resent tourists, at times being openly rude. But other than that most people were quite friendly- the kayak bio bay tour was really fun and the guides were very nice.My favorite moment on the island was a sudden brief rainstorm while at one of the more remote beaches-- swimming in a downpour and then watching the storm retreat over the ocean was amazing. And the soggy pothole infested dirt road would have been impassable after had we not had a 4wd, so keep that in mind when choosing your car!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>angie1801
<Content>No hot water Bravo Beach was okay. This is not the side of the island to stay on. The beach is rocky and unswimmable and not blue. I wanted to love the hotel. I liked the decor and the Aveda products, but for $300 plus a night we didn't get any hotwater. I told the front desk immediately that we didn't have any. They send a repairman who informed us that the hotwater heaters suck and there was nothing he could do! So we spent our entire time there without a hot shower. Not cool!!!The food at the restaurant was super expensive. I didn't get any type of discount for the inconvenience of no hot water. I asked and did not receive. I wouldn't stay here again. I recommend that you stay on the other side of the island!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	2	5	3	2	5	

<Author>phpettis
<Content>Bravo Beach Hotel -- Overpriced and very average This is probably the best hotel on the island but it leaves much to be desired. First, its overpriced.... not worth the $ 300 or so a night when you count taxes etc.. It is much like staying in a old Florida beach hotel from the 60's with nice linens and a few other updated amenities. Second, its on the beach but you can't use the beach... all rocks and very rough. Third, they have wifi but it does not work in the rooms... you have to drag your laptop down by the office and sit on a bench for it to work. The staff was nice enough but they should be in a hotel. If I had to go back to this island I would try my luck in another hotel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>dhmor
<Content>Love the staff but hate the location! The staff was great, very accomodating and even picked fresh plumeria flowers for my bouquet without me even asking. The staff was very kind and resourceful. However, I booked this hotel primarily because of their websites description that the beach was within 30 feet of every room and I could wake up on the beach essentially. The part they fail to mention on their site is that although the beach is very close, there is virtually no sand, only rocks and the water is too rough for swimming so yes the hotel is on the beach but you cannot swim on the beach or even layout on this beach!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	4	2	4	2	

<Author>NewYorkEandT
<Content>We LOVED it. But do your research! We just returned from 5 days at BBH and we couldn't be happier with our stay. Friendly staff, beautiful grounds, great pools, well stocked honor bar... just an all around wonderful experience.  We arrived on Wednesday, September 3rd. All Cape Air flights from San Juan to Vieques were canceled that day due to the weather (pretty nasty but other airlines still seemed to be flying later that afternoon) and decided instead to take a cab (about $80) to the ferry. Rough trip in that weather to say the least but we made it to Vieques in one piece. In our opinion, try and fly from SJU if at all possible. We were checked into our room (#9... lovely with a huge balcony), given a tour of the hotel and then pretty much left to our own devices. The hotel was relatively empty as it was just the start of the off-season (and hurricane season) so we had the pool and honor bar to ourselves that evening, outside of meeting a couple who had been on the island for a few days. They gave us the scoop on where to eat (a lot of places were closed due to the season... Blue Crab was decent but not very islandy), the good bars (Al's, Bananas in Esperanza) and a bar that had a wine cellar where you could purchase bottles to keep in your room fridge (El Sombrero).  We picked up our jeep the next morning at Marineau Rental (the most reliable one there), found Patio, a cute breakfast place (good for eggs and bacon if the BBH muffins and fruit aren't your thing) and went off to explore the beautiful beaches we had heard so much about.  What we wanted from our vacation: We were looking for the anti-South Beach. We wanted to explore, stay in a charming boutique hotel, be alone on a stretch of beach, swim, snorkel and relax. That's exactly what we got.  However, to set expectations here are some things to keep in mind about Vieques and BBH:  This is not an island for people who want exciting nightlife or white sand beaches right outside of your hotel. Little to no nightlife (especially in the low season) and you have to drive to all of the beaches... sometimes through a rain forest on dirt roads with massive puddles. As a city girl, I was pretty certain we were going to get stuck in the middle of nowhere. But thanks to my boyfriend who understands off-roading and has an excellent sense of direction, we made our way just fine. The locals were all very friendly but we heard from many people to be careful and not take anything of value when you're out. We didn't run into any problems (or see anyone near us on the beaches for that matter), but we still took their advice... I would assume during high-season there's a higher probability of theft. You'll see roosters, horses and some guy with a pet pig crossing the streets at any time. This is not a commercial island and a lot of the places look run down. But for us, all of this was a part of it's charm.  As for BBH, if you're looking for a Four Seasons, go to St. Barts. It's clean, charming and well kept but not 5 star luxurious. The restaurant is open sporadically and the staff service can be spotty if Jackie and Harold aren't there to run the show. Yes, some of the pictures posted by other guests were accurate (rug coming up in the room, patched leak on the ceiling), but all of that is being fixed. Jackie and Harold run the place and shut it down the day we left to begin 6 weeks of upgrades and maintenance.  That being said, Jackie, Harold, Enid at the front desk, Eric at the burger place, etc... were phenomenal. Friendly (would sit and chat with us at the pool, show us the villa, etc.), went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable and really just went above and beyond. We were the only guests at the hotel the last 2 days and they kept the restaurant open... for us. They rebooked our return flights on Cape Air so we could remain in the pool. They offered to let us stay after they closed if we got stranded due to weather (though Harold would have put us to work!). We can not say enough wonderful things about them.  If you're the type of person who lives for room service, freaks out at mosquitoes, doesn't like to get a little dirty... go to another island. But BBH (and Vieques) is the perfect vacation spot for couples who aren't high maintenance, can toss a can of bug spray in their bag, enjoy getting a little lost and just want to chill.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jawiii17
<Content>Stay at BBH This was the most wonderful place I have ever stayed in my life. We got in late (after rental car places had closed) so our hostess' husband came to pick us up personally. My boyfriend had stayed here before and highly recommended we stay here on the island of Vieques, now I understand why. I had heard that there was nothing to do on Vieques, but out of the 5 other places we visited in Puerto Rico, Vieques was by far my favorite, and there was plenty to do. At Bravo Beach hotel, I would definitely recommend one of the ocean view suites or the villa if you chose to stay here. There are 2 pools, huge continental breakfast is included with the room price and also an honor bar (very convenient). All in all, if I ever go back to PR, BBH is on the top of my list of places to stay and I hope you have fun if you go...enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sieg6529
<Content>Pretty goo The good: great balcony with a scenic view, clean rooms with a modern feel, soft  cushy bed, honor bar, and clean pools. Breakfasts were large and free. The fruit included with breakfast wasn't the freshest (dry papaya and pineapple), but still better than most free breakfasts. Dinner was great (not free), and the chef took time to chat with the diners. They gave us a free bottle of good red wine after we told them it was our honeymoon. Satellite TV is nice when you are tired at the end of the day. Oh, and the AC works great. Comes with a yoga mat, even though we didn't use it. Beach towels and beach chairs are free to use for the day, but the snorkle equipment is not free ($15). The rooms also come with an iPod docking station (iHome) that puts out pretty decent sound.The bad: white blinds that don't keep sun out, shower that has varying water temp (but the shower itself is nice), mosquito net that came down on us as we slept (imagine a giant spider web), and it is pricey. The beach is rocky, but not gross (dead things, trash). There are animal noises, such as roosters and dogs, but only the latter was noticed by me and only on one of our 3 nights. Oh, and parking is an issue; there will be double parking unless you park alongside the road. Esperanza looked like a better town to be near (closer to beach, not so crowded).We had heard about the staff not being friendly, but they seemed nice to us. The manager was pretty standoffish, but friendly enough. Overall, a good hotel, but there may be better deals on Vieques.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BadAndi
<Content>Bravo Beach - a few small amenities would go a long way Just returned from BBH with a mixed review:Positives:Groovy decor, intimate grounds, really comfortable bed, Aveda products, on the beach, close to ferry, friendly and accomodating wait staff. Honor bar was a clever idea, but we would have preferred a bartender. Dinner was delicious (pricey).Negatives:American manager was stand-offish at best. Office hours were terribly inconvenient and impacted our arrival and departure plans. No one to assist outside normal business hours. It's on the wrong side of the island (I'd prefer Esperanza next time) and is next door to a big mouthed rooster who runs 24/7. No coffee maker in room, which is especially inconvenient if you have early plans before 8am, which is when breakfast service begins. No lunch service to speak of- you can order sandwich boxes ahead of time, but no impromptu food service whatsoever. All food service is completely closed on Tuesdays. You are on your own- plan accordingly, because you will have to travel at least a few miles to find any type of food on Tuesday.Overall, we were excited to stay in an intimate little inn, but for the price, I was most disappointed in the lack of desire on the manager's part to pamper us with a welcoming friendliness. Rather, she treated us as an inconvenience. The restaurant/food situation is a major problem at times. We loved loved loved Vieques and will definitely return. Might consider BBH under new ownership.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>carolynmike
<Content>the best It has been just a week since we returned from an amazing vacation in Vieques. My husband and I chose the Bravo Beach Hotel we had room #6 and I all I can say was it was beautiful, amazing, wonderful and all that I hoped for. The room was beautifully decorated, it was romantic clean and the added bonus was the I-pod docking station where we were able to add our own special soundtrack.It was my husbands birthday a very seminal birthday and I asked Jackie (part of a very sweet loving couple that manages the hotel) to help plan a special dinner. There are truly no words to express how very special the staff made this night for us..... the dinner was incredible thank you chef chris.... just a few words about the dinner, it was tapas style with each course prepared special by the chef each course was just perfect, from cheese to the scallops (perfectly prepared) to the chicken hmmmmmmand the added bonus was the wine choice which complimented each course starting with a sublime rose, followed by an exquisite white and then a beautiful rich red all chosen specially by chef chris, we even took the menu so we can have it framed (and we are in the process!!)it was done with such care and thought touched us so deeply..... I asked for champagne in the room ..... and so it was champagne, candles on a moonlit night over looking the ocean .... our second honeymoon!!!! we were lucky enough to spend time with harold (the partner of jackie) who always made us feel like more than just guests we left feeling we had made friends.....my husband travel quite a lot and typically we pick a spot off the internet and actually believe it or not use sites like this as well as other internet resources to make our decisions and we were not disappointed.the island of vieques is majestic - we will be backwe wish once again to thank harold, jackie, chef chris and the rest of the staff for a truly memorable vacationcarolyn and mike fernandez  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wholewomanme
<Content>Aaahhh Heaven. We loved our vacation so much we were sad to leave. Bravo Beach Hotel is a little piece of heaven on earth. The staff always greeted us with big smiles and helpful suggestions. The managers treated us like welcome guests in their home. Harold threatened to put my husband to work. Talking to Jackie is like talking to your best girlfriend. Get them both together and they're hilarious. My favorite spot was the back pool. I could (and did) stay for hours reading, naping or chatting with other guests. This hotel isn't as new as it looks in photos but it's extremely well kept. The atmosphere is really special. It's peaceful but not remote. We didn't rent a car (should cause it's not easy to get around the island without one). But we walked to town and found a few local places to shop and eat. The only disappointment was the restaurants. The two we heard lots about were Uva and Bravo Beach. Uva went out of business. Although we ate at the hotel restaurant numerous times (breakfast, lunch and dinner) the chef was never there. We'd heard so much about him and were disappointed that he wasn't around the four days we were there. Overall it was a great vacation and we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RyanAndErin
<Content>Oh my God...the Mold.       The ceiling that couldnt be leaking - it wasnt raining.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>konkoski
<Content>Fantastic Stay! Me and my girlfriend just spent 2 nights at the Bravo Beach Hotel last week and absolutely loved it. It's not the boring standard of a resort in San Juan, but has the charm of a trendy, modern guest house. We stayed in room 6 and found the view stunning, our room in superior condition, and all the ammenties of a major hotel chain - satellite TV, amazing guest services, wonderful food, etc. The employees went out of their way to provide us everything we requested (taxis, boxed lunches, directions). We had the sunny pool to ourselves one entire day, and the healthy breakfast in the morning was a great start to each day on the secluded beaches of Vieques. If you're looking for a modern, perfectly manicured resort, don't go hear. If you're looking for something between that and a cozy guest house, this is the place to go.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>og217
<Content>Maybe it was different in 2005? My husband and I stayed at the BBH in room 9, aka The Honeymoon Suite, for a week. This was not our honeymoon, but it was, I would have been livid. Now, before I get started - overall, the experience was great. We liked Vieques and are even looking into buying property there. The hotel, however, left a lot to be desired. As was mentioned in several reviews, the room was filthy. Both upon our arrival and every single day (except Monday. Very odd.) Having read the reviews, I called ahead and mentioned that my husband has severe seasonal allergies, and asked that the room be specifically vaccumed for pollen. It was not only not thoroughly vaccumed prior to our arrival, it appeared to not have been vaccumed for weeks, possibly ever. The carpet was a mosaic of filth. Each and every single dresser drawer was broken, and full of sand and pebbles. Our bed was made every day, with no regard to the state of the sheets - dirty sheets were just folded right back up. I shed like crazy and my hair was all over the place. No matter - it wasn't removed from the bed, just left there, on the pillows. I mean, I know it was mine, but it's still gross to open the covers and see what appears to be a dead animal. The carpet was laid down in squares and a few squares were loose, skating all over the room. All in all, I don't know what this place looked like when it was built, but its pretty shabby and run down now. The ceiling leaks, too, when it rains. Now this was not truly awful, just not New York or anything of the sort. I'm from New York City, but you don't need to be to see that. Apparently its for sale, which may explain the owners' reluctance to invest in anything new. The beach chairs had rust on them. There were always mosquitos in the room, no matter how many we killed, so obviously the windows had cracks (we never opened them as we had air conditioning). The idea of an honor bar was cool, but apparently not for real. I found the American manager to be unpleasant, she appeared to take an instant dislike to us and while I didn't come there to make friends with the hotel staff, I must say we were still quite upset. We discussed moving to another hotel, but in the end just made ourselves scarce (for $300/night, that's absurd! And apparently this woman upgraded several other couples, but not us, which made me angry.) We had a few drinks with other guests at the honor bar on our second night and were reprimanded later by the manager, like children, because apparently we made noise. Just my husband and I, no one else. I found that to be incredibly rude - there were other people there as well, and if you have some idiot lights out policy, then don't have an honor bar, hello. I thought that was the point of a child free place, that you can have a drink (in a designated place, and maintaining a conversation - no screams or anything, just a bunch of people talking and laughing) and not have people get their panties in a bunch? And like I said, why single us out? I just thought that was hideous. The rest of the staff was local, and was nice and helpful. Breakfast was the same thing every single day. That was fine with me, but if you are with a guy, he may need protein, and there was only a baked thing of some sort-muffin, etc, granola, yogurt and fruit. It was good, but after day 2, its a bit dull. The one redeeming feature of this place was the restaurant and Chris, the chef. The food is absolutely superb (the only thing up to the New York standard), the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the view is lovely. The wine list was very good, and Chris paired our food with fantastic wines. We ate dinner there 3 times- it was absolutely awesome - try the fois gras, the steak, the scallops, and the cheese plate. (Breakfast, while at the same place, is not by Chris). Another great place to eat was Peter's - chocolate bread pudding was to die for, and we quite liked the Cuban sandwiches as well as generous cocktails at Duffy's. And of course, across the street from BBH - a great new restaurant in the yellow building (name slips my mind!) Great fish, excellent prices, lovely ladies! FYI - very few vendors take Amex. What else? Maritza's Car rental was awesome - dropped the car off at the hotel, and when the entire island was out of gas, they let us exchange our out-of-fuel truck for another, full one. We took the Bio Bay tour - definitely worthwhile, went to Navio beach ( we went to all the beaches, but liked Navio best), and to the black sand beach. It was a very nice, mellow vacation. If you harbor an ex-pat fantasy like we do, Vieques is great - just keep your valuables locked up - we didn't have a problem, but everyone talked about petty crime and warned us. All in all, we had a great, lazy time - reading swimming, walking along the beach. A week was more than enough time to do everything. We plan on coming back, and will stay at a different hotel. Either something of the BBH class, for $100 or so, or look for something more like what we are used to - if the W ever gets set up, we'll be there! So, I recommend, the island, the restaurants, the beaches, and just about everything, but for your money, stay somewhere else. Apparently, from what other people at the hotel described, the other rooms are even worse than the honeymoon suite. If you've ever been on a student or a budget tour of Morocco or Egypt, this hotel is just like that. Totally fine for a cheap hotel, but not at all what you'd expect at the rates charged.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>edugirl
<Content>Wonderful Bravo Beach We stayed at the Bravo Beach Hotel the last week in March in room #4. The room was clean, white, crisp and cozy, with a beautiful terrace view of the water. We kept the door open each night and slept to the sound of waves. The breakfast was perfect for us - yogurt, good coffee, fresh fruit - and some kind of baked surprise each morning. We had dinner twice at the hotel, and both were very good, if a bit pricey - but that seems to be the case for some other higher end restaurants on the island as well. The hotel will pack lunch for you to take to the beach. All you need to do is fill out a request the night before for what you'd like - then off you go in your jeep in the morning to find a quiet beach. The proprietors, Harold and Jaqui could not have been more accommodating, and the same for the charming staff. This place is a truly tranquil place to get away from it all. We'll be back!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>horsemmam
<Content>Helpful staff but........ Just returned from BBH. The staff of this hotel is it's strong point. They were very helpful and friendly during our stay. The hotel is nice but way overpriced. We stayed in room #9. The view was partial obsrtucted by overgrown palm trees. The carpet was old and worn. The bath tub and shower were discolored and molded. I don't think there was one dresser drawer that wasn't broken. The housekeeping was horrible. Our bathroom floors were not cleaned. The carpet was not vacumed. For 300$/nt, I think the room should have been given a little more attention. The bed was comfortable, though. There is NO beach at BBH, just a small path of sand and tons of rocks. The beaches of Vieques were beautiful but not safe. DO NOT take any valuables to the beach with you! You will be stalked as a tourist and they will steal anything they can at the moment you let your guard down (while snorkeling). We looked forward to this trip but were dissappointed. Final points: The Yoga at Hix Island House was great. Martineau car rental was rude and did not honor our internet booked car rate.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	1	4	5	-1	

<Author>usually_happy64
<Content>A little disappointed The reviews in Tripadvisor mostly raved about this place. It did not live up to our expectations. First, I would advise others going to the island to stay at a place in Esperanza where there are a few more restautants, shops and things to do and that is where the best beaches are. Second, BBH is an old motel redone. If you look at the pictures on their web site you will see a lovely and minimilistic room. It really is minimiistic. One lamp, one bed side table and one chair for a room with a king bed (meant for two). So...one of us could read at a time! Also our air conditioning was broken. They promised to fix it by the next day. I like to be cool, so I wasn't so happy. But our room did look over the ocean and we could open the doors to the balcony and got a lovely breeze and fell asleep to the sound of the ocean. There are no screens on the door, but there was misquito netting for the bed. The bathroom was very small. There are two pools, one only open during meals the other near the honor bar. Neither are impressive.Now the good stuff...while the air was never fixed they did not charge us over and above our deposit for our two day stay. They do provide chairs and towels to take to the beaches...a real must. The continental breakfasts were fabulous, with terrific banana muffins and homemade granola. The setting for breakfast was the terrace overlooking the ocean. The staff was accomodating and the linens (which they boast of) are really luxurious.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>r8dohead
<Content>Comfy  We stayed at Bravo the first week of March and had a very nice stay.We stayed in the 2 BDR villa which was very spacious for two couples.This hotel is water front just a short walk up the hill from the ferry dock in Isabella.The only negative about the villa is the bedrooms back up to the pool and bar where guests linger till around midnight.So you will here people chattering outside if you go to sleep early.The continental breakfast of sliced assorted fruits,Guava lowfat yogurt,Granola,Juice,Coffee and fresh baked muffins were very good and really all you need for a good start in the morning.The Tapas restaurant was excellent and the staff eager to please with late comers to dinner.Jackie  marvin were great at the front of the house also.The hotel is a 20 minute drive from Esmerelda,which is popular for the tourists.Rent a Jeep for sure well in advance a go to a different beach each day and dont be afraid to go out of bounds.We witnessed no crime while on the trip but use good common sense when traveling here or any Caribbean Island.The locals where all nice.All in all a great visit,great beaches,great food and we will return.Oh.....the Bio Bay was really COOL!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MsNewBooty
<Content>Really enjoyed BBH!       BBH-Zimmer mit Blick auf die Veranda  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>grimmts
<Content>We're lukewarm about Vieques and BBH       Honor bar  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jeckel13
<Content>hotels aren't the reason to go to vieques bravo beach was a nice home base. the rooms are simple and the view was beautiful. However, it's the service that makes the hotel special. We loved the breakfast, the chairs for the beach, and the lunches. the staff was always full of suggestions on which beach to visit. vieques is an amazing place and the bravo beach is nice, but you shouldn't be spending much time in the room. We've never been anywhere where we were the only people on the beach. We went to a few beaches each day, thanks to the advice of friends and this website. The hotel tapas was good, Uva was amazing. Going the first of December was a great time, the island was empty. You'll have a jeep, so location isn't important. Esperanza isn't a huge town, 4 gift shops, and a few restaurants. Vieques is the most relaxing place we've ever been. There's nothing to do, but enjoy the crystal clear water, and beautiful beaches.Bravo Beach was nice. Our only complaint was that the room had little light so it was difficult to read.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjdolan
<Content>Re: Nothing Special. Goodness is right on. The hotel you see on the website is not the hotel you'll be staying in. Expectations are seriously over set. The awards and great press the BBH has received in the past has gone out with the tide. You don't want to stay here at the price they are charging. It would be worth it at half the price...maybe. At this price you want to stay at the Inn on the Blue Horizon. Go to Esperanza....that is the place you want to be.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>GOODNNESS
<Content>Nothing Special Bravo Beach Hotel is situated on the north shore of Vieques on the outskirts of the city of Isabel II. The barrio location of BBH is surprising considering how they market themselves as the ideal escape for couples who want to get away from it all. After negotiating the crowded streets of Isabel II avoiding potholes, haphazardly parked cars and half dead dogs, you arrive at BBH not feeling like you escaped anything.  The rooms are alright but nothing special. The view of the water is beautiful but you can not access it. You can not even walk on the tiny beach to put your feet in the water because of the rocks and coral. The pools are okay but the area is cramped all around them. Breakfast might be called adequate.  To experience the charm and beauty of Vieques, get in your rented jeep and drive away from BBH and head to the south side of the island where some of the most beautiful and isolated beaches in the world are. Also on the south side of the island is the laid back little beach town of Esperanza. The best restaurant on the island, El Quenepo is located here.  Wanting to savor the feeling of being on a beautiful tropical island and avoid the urban setting of BBH we packed up and left. The Hacienda Tamarindo and the Hix Island House which is in the most gorgeous peaceful location are two excellent choices for people who really want to get away from it all.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Boricuadentro
<Content>All about the beds  This is a chic boutique hotel but laidback. With no one under 18 allowed, it is a great place to relax. It is quiet. You can bring kids if you want to rent the entire property for your stay. If you want to be waited on hand and foot, this is not the place for you. The service is unobtrusive. This is like staying at your friends (much nicer than your's) house while they're away. I consider this a plus.Reserve an ocean view room and then lay in the so delicious beds and listen to/watch the sea. You could sit on your patio, but really the bed is just too good to get out of. The Frette linens are great. Rooms are smallish and functional----perfect for a stay of up to 5 days. If you do get hungry go downstairs to the restaurant for a continental breakfast. It was good, nothing fancy. If you want a big american breakfast--meat, eggs, potatoes-- you will be disappointed. We stayed only one night and were not able to sample the restaurant or sushi bar offerings. There are two pools both lovely. One surrounded by beautiful tropical plants in a courtyard, the other between the restaurant and ocean. The pool bar in the courtyard is on the honor system--get what you want, make a note of it, drop in the jar. The beach at the hotel is not usable. Not to worry, a quick jeep ride (the one you rented) in almost any direction will deposit you on a great little strip of sand for the day. BBH will also pack box lunches for your adventure. The women at the front desk will be happy to arrange taxis (don't do it unless to/from airport) and tours of the Bio Bay. It would have an excellent rating if the breakfast offering was more substantial and the gardener had not been chasing around the property with the leaf blower morning and evening.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WeLoveOurLife
<Content>Bravo Beach is a Special Place We absolutely loved this boutique hotel. The view while you are eating your (included) breakfast was so serene. We stayed in room #9 - a great suite on the 2nd floor. The bed was comfortable and we had plenty of space. We ate dinner at the restaurant our first night and loved it. We really appreciated the box lunches, which we took to the beaches we explored. Thomas was friendly and helpful. Loved the pool and honor bar and met many friendly people at the pool. This place is an excellent value as well and we will definitely return.For more info and photos, see [--]  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NorthernIcePrincess
<Content>Return to Heaven This was my 2nd visit to BBH (so far for 2007). Heaven can't be better than this! BBH's staff and accommodations was as great in June as it was in February. I spent 2 glorious days in the pool and filled my days with swimming, eating, drinking, walking and sleeping. Saturday dinner and Sunday brunch were fabulous food presentations and selections from Chef Chris. Chef Lauren made me a special lactose free desert. If this restaurant was in my neighborhood, I would be there every week with friends. For my next visit, I'll spend some time wine tasting.Treat yourself to my favorite place in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChixRule
<Content>Fabulous Villa! We stayed in the Villa as it was the only room available and it was fabulous. It's a great deal, if you need a 2 BR as it is spacious and comfortable. Decor is modern in Caribbean beach colors (gold  orange) against a neutral and white background. Very nice, adequately equipped kitchen. The villa has a wonderful patio and little backyard with BBQ leading directly to the ocean. Ditto to all other recent 5.0 reviews (excellent staff service, wonderful breakfasts, nicely stocked honor bar). Unfortunately we were only there for 2 days (Mon  Tues)...the only days the restaurant and wine tasting room weren't open...but just means we'll have to go back. Menu looked wonderful. We didn't rent a vehicle and stayed in town since we had a short stay. Ate at Mamasong Cafe (not much ambience, but great food). Although we ordered sandwiches one day from the hotel (they pack in ice cooled pack so you can take to the beach for the day). Following day we walked to the bakery in town and stood in line with all the locals to order sandwiches and pastries (fresh, simple, good, and REALLY inexpensive!)  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Erandinrew
<Content>Heaven       Aussicht von unserem Zimmer  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>greegor22
<Content>Didn't want to leave       Aussicht von unserem Zimmer  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PamMinneapolis
<Content>Bravo for the Bravo My husband and I stayed at Bravo Beach Hotel March 8-12, 2007. We had a fantastic time! We were a bit hesitant after some negative reviews, but we were thrilled that it met and exceeded our expectations. We were in room 8 for 2 nights, and room 7 for 2 nights. Both rooms were white with a soothing, minimalistic decor, had comfy beds, luxurious linens, white mosquito netting over the beds( though few mosquitoes), thick Turkish towels and fresh flowers. Room 8 was roomy with an ocean view over a low walled patio, and room 7 had a ocean view from a lovely balcony. Not only were the rooms relaxing with ocean views, the grounds were lush and beautifully maintained. We arrived around dinner time, and were pleased to get a last minute table at the wonderful BBH restaurant. It was the best meal in our entire 10 day trip! A complimentary wine tasting was offered before we ordered drinks - a very classy touch. Breakfast was served to us poolside overlooking the ocean . It was sooo tasty. The best, homemade granola, dense homemade muffins with butter and preserves, individual fruit plates, yogurt, passion fruit juice, and coffee. The staff was very helpful - offering us beach chairs, a boogie board and substantial wrapped sandwiches in a cooler bag for our days at the beaches. We felt like everything we needed was at our fingertips. We also ate at the Mr Sushi restaurant and thought it was very good. The location was great because it was so close to town( we rented a Jeep through Martineau Rental) and we had no problem with the roads. The only negative for me was too loud music at the bar and restaurant our first night. It did not bother my husband though, and the next nights the music was soft and not evident in our room. It may have been a rare occurence. We would definitely stay here again, and we recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NEWYORKCityScott
<Content>What My First Kiss Should Have Been Like When I walked through the iron gates of The Bravo Beach Hotel, I exhaled the stress of New York City. And, I inhaled a tranquil calmness. I have been coming to Vieques since New Years Eve 2000. I have always found Vieques one of the last bastions of the Caribbean.Bravo is one of it's privities. Seeing the classic hacienda, I was ready for a rest. I stayed in room six. It was perfect in it's modern minimalism.The informative concierge pointed to an ipod docking station. I informed her that, I left my tunes at home on purpose. I only wanted to read. She gave me a huge smile. Vieques is for readers. I had a prepaired jeep waiting for me. But, I decided to pour a chilled glass of wine and welcome the Sun by the pool.Since the other guest were at the beach, I had the whole property to myself. The inner courtyard was in full floral bloom.This was once, one of the greatest sugar plantations on the island. There was always eclectic music with a carribbean sense riding through the breeze. Bravo Beach has two restaurants. The first is BBH. Really cold and extremely comfortable in design. The design follows the theme of the hotel, along with the impressive wine selection, and most importantly the food.Tapas is the fair: soft calamari like I had in Naples, skewrerd shrimp like off Big Surr, and good friends from around the world. As a special one night , they served foie gras..........braised perfectly with a little bit of apples...nice. I could have had that for 3 days straight. For lunch, I order a savory chirizo and roasted garlic pizza for the beach to nibble on throughout the day. Breakfast is served seaside along the pool. You can hear the ocean's low tide lap against the walls off the pool, So soothing. Warning, Brunch and dinner is a big deal here on the island. RESERVE! I  The second restraurant is Mr. Sushi. Great Sushi. But, I have never done a  Sake Bomb before. Let's just say, I took alot of bad photo's and twiwsted my ankle.....goodtimes, GOOD TIMES. I asked the manager Thomas Martin for directions to the beach. He gave me directions but said, The key to Vieques is to get lost. Boy did I get lost!.Over hills and potholes, passing wild horses,stopping for hens and their chicks, beeping for a dog to move out of the road........I felt as if I were back in India driving from New Delhi to the Taj Mahal in Agra . Finally I found Silver Beach. There was only a group of five people on that beach.They left at 2 p.m....leaving me, myself, and I alone. ME,me,and only Me . I know alot of advertising companies that would try to capture a moment like this. And I was living it. I found it odd that every guest at the hotel was estetically beautiful, or at least in conversation. If my first kiss was as good as this.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iriredodge
<Content>The Best! The best in Vieques; actually the best in the Caribbean. The staff were so helpful, informative, professional, and warm. The property is beautiful, the food, views, pools, perfect all around. The honor bar was probably the most unique feature I've had the honor of using. The fully stocked bar, top shelf liqueurs, world class wine, mixers, etc. poolside; and self-service (if you wanted someone to make you a drink during normal hours, somebody would). After a day at the beach, grab a cold bear, a tequila sunrise, or 3am martini... All made my way anytime, for less than a cost of a latte from Starbucks. $3-6 if I remember correctly. A stellar amenity and convenience, for a destination without a single traffic light.We went to most of the other Hotels on the Island, for lunch, spa treatments, etc. The food was horrible, service sub-par, the atmosphere etc., did not hold a candle to Bravo!This was our honeymoon, both of us have traveled the world, from Hostels to Top Ten global hotels and resorts; we could have left and went anywhere.After seeing what was available as far as hotel / resorts on the rest of the Island, and how great the staff and property was. We had no desire to go to another hotel, or destination. We had planned to travel elsewhere, for the second leg of our trip... We decided to stay and extra three nights at the Bravo! InsteadThe gourmet to go lunches are awesome for exploring the Island. First class all the way. While being treated as if you owned the place, a key to the front gate sends that one home.Thanks for a great time.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rstTraveler
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Bed in Room  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlabamaAnita
<Content>Bravo is Tops My husband and I waited too long to take a vacation. By the time we finally arrived at Bravo Beach Hotel, we were so emotionally and physically exhausted that our first few days are now a blur. Between losing a cellphone the first day, the room key on day two, our jeep rental key on day three, and a jeep break down on the fourth day, we were a complete mess midway into our vacation. I MUST emphasize none of these issues were brought on by the hotel.Bravo Beach Hotel exceeded our expectations. As far as we are concerned, the hotel is tops. The staff is beyond friendly and courteous.Throughout our ordeal they encouraged us to relax. When we finally did, our vacation actually began.My only disappointment at Bravo was its location on a tiny beach devoid of space. We ate dinner there most evenings to avoid getting lost on the hazardous roads. The food was a delight at both restaurants.Regretably, after reading TripAdvisor warnings about crime on the island, we lived in fear of driving around much. We discovered our jeep had no headlights on one night's journey to eat off site. That was an interesting experience after dark. We spent valuable vacation time on day four at the rental agency, getting a replacement vehicle. Our true hope is that you will visit Bravo Beach Hotel and experience it for yourself. The staff will go out of its way to accommodate you.We wish all good things to Bravo Beach Hotel, its fine staff and to the people of Vieques.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mitchqqq
<Content>Definitely NOT NY Chic I am from New York and this place, despite its marketing, is NOT NY chic. Unless you consider holes in your sheets, next-door-neighbor roosters crowing, 79 cent dannon yogurt breakfasts, obnoxiously loud music, unswimmable pools (not one single guest in my entire 4 days was in the pool), thick layers of dust on the furniture, alternating hot/cold showers, rocky sandless beaches, TVs with blurry signals to be chic then this is not the place for you.Personally, I found this place to be somewhere in between motel chic and hostel chic.P.S. The staff, when we checked in, told us that there had been several muggings in the nearby area and we should not walk alone at night. That was probably the closest thing to NY about the whole experience.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>weathergoddess
<Content>Chic and hip at bravo beach hotel Two seasoned travelers just returned from a glorious week on Vieques, P.R. after a marvelous stay at bravo beach hotel. We have been to nearly every Caribbean Island and were looking for the ultimate relaxing beach vacation. We found it in Vieques - the former US Navy bombing target. Now that the Navy has stopped the madness and the beaches are part of the National Wildlife Refuge (read NO resorts to be built on these remarkable strands), we spent our week discovering beach after beautiful unspoiled beach. We stayed at bravo beach hotel (bbh) in Isabel Segundo. The accommodations are New York chic - stylish, stark white, with the softest Frette linens, and fabulous views. The hotel is literally 30 feet from the ocean with one pool overlooking the Atlantic (and the fabulous tapas restaurant) with most seating outdoors around the pool. Another garden pool sits in a lush coutyard with an honor bar with great spots for lounging. If you want a resort vacation, go elsewhere. You can have the cookie cutter large hotels by the water that could be on any sunny island. For those of you sick of the same old stuff who want a unique experience and want the flavor of the real Caribbean, then this is the place. We found ALL the staff at bravo beach hotel to be committed to our comfort and safety, to making certain we had the best experience in getting around the island (a jeep is a must!), to recommending dinner reservations at the island's many top flight restaurants, and to ensuring our experience would bring us back as repeat clients. Don't worry, bbh. We will definitely return next year.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>branchworth
<Content>Loved the Bravo Beach Hotel!!! We stayed at this hotel the week of Jan 27 th and as seasoned travelers loved everything about our experence both at the hotel and the island of Vieques. We were in several rooms at the hotel and felt they were all very clean and safe. The staff was most helpful at all times. The views from each room were beautiful, and the property well maintained. The beaches on the island are grand, visit as many as you can, Loved Carcaus best (Red Beach)Rent a jeep and have an adventure. I don't really understand some of the recent negative reviews as I would say they are not accurate. I have already recommented this Hotel to many friends.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theatford
<Content>The best vacation ever I was a guest at the beautiful Bravo Beach Hotel the week of Thanksgiving and have been there several times. We find it to be the most professionally run hotel we could possibly imagine. Thomas, the manager, could not have been more helpful or charming to my husband and myself. From the check-in to departure we felt only pampered to the fullest. It distresses me to read some other reviews, however, as I watched the entire staff treat every guest with the utmost of courtesy.There were two couples staying in a small villa on the property while we were there who had left their door unlocked while they were out and got robed I overheard the manager telling them and all of us to make sure our doors were locked. So we did at all times. The couple who were robbed even told Thomas that it was their own fault. They were asked by the manager as to what was taken and they expressly said that their I-pod and other things were not bothered. They all seemed to be working this out very well according to what my husband, Ed and I saw. And the way the hotel handled the robbery none of the rest of us felt uncomfortable.We had the same towels and they are not Pratesi, they are Frette and they are wonderful. The Frette sheets were also great. Our room was perfectly clean every day and we found the breakfast really nice and enjoyed every bite. The restaurant is perhaps the best on the island. It is fresh and modern and the place is 'hopping with good vibes every night they are open.And Thomas plans all kinds of exciting activities and theme nights so there is always something new happening to look forward to.There is nothing shabby about this South Beach -styled' hotel at all. The pool is clean and wonderful and their honor bar is fun and homey. We feel very safe here and always lock our door....everyone who travels should do the same and you will have a wonderful vacation. Its not just Vieques who have robberies...all vacation spots do. It is sad but it is the state of the world. So just use common sense.If you are looking for an island escape, Bravo Beach hotel is the place to go. We have been four times and have already booked Easter this year as well! Totally wonderful.Amy Phelps  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L_K_WashDC
<Content>Cool, Relaxing Modern Retreat This was our 2nd stay in as many years at Bravo Beach Hotel and once again it was a wonderful time. Thomas, the manager, and the rest of the staff are fantastic, the property is fabulous, and the two restaurants are excellent! I love the sleek design of the rooms (very caribbean modern), the intimate size of the hotel (only 9 rooms), that almost every room has a view of the ocean, the ipod docks in the rooms, the 2 pools (one with a bar where you mix your own drinks!) and the groovy music that plays on the property all day long. It's just a very cool, relaxing setting with no pretense. We love it and look forward to returning next year to BBH!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>agifin
<Content>The right attitude. Hmmmm, I have used trip Advisor for many, many trips with my family in the United States and abroad and we tend to agree with the opinions of fellow travelers. I quite honestly have never written in on our own opinions following a trip. But.... I was quite taken aback by a few recent entries on the Bravo Beach hotel in Vieques. We have stayed at the Bravo as well as several other inns on the island over the past few years. Let me begin by saying that although we are normally five star hotel patrons, we appreciate and love the atmosphere on Vieques.. If you are looking for five star service and 400 count sheets head to St. Barts, which we also appreciate and enjoy.. although for different reasons.Vieques is a very special island. We first visited about twelve years ago because we had read that it was the last bastion of the true carribbean;. that description still exists. It is the kind of place that your Inn, including The Bravo will pack you a picnic lunch, after a lovely breakfast overlooking the ocean, and send you on your way to one of the amazing beaches with towels, an umbrella, beach chairs and several bottles of wine. Where else can you be on a palm covered beach with crystal clear water, white sand and not a hotel in sight, not to mention a person. Bravo is a Miami beach, spare, modern, trendy and smart hotel. We found our room to be spare in a very current way with beautiful views of the ocean. Yes, the pool on the ocean is open to the restaurant, but we had wonderful cocktails in the pool at sunset. There is another pool in the garden that we have frequented later at night. The food has always been some of the best on the Island, and supprisingly there are many good restaurants on the island. It is an Ecotourism destination. If you want gambling, disco's, etc. this is the wrong place, On the other hand if you want bioluminescent bays, beautiful solitary beaches, warm people, and dancing with the natives by the carribbean in Esperanza this is the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>gina29mas
<Content>Beautiful, but not safe.... We stayed at the Bravo for 3 nights in November and the island is beautiful, beaches are amazing! The Bravo is fine to stay in, the pool is nice, the breakfast is lovely, but our stay in Vieques was ruined by a break in to our room on our last day there. We had electronics, ID and cash stolen. It was obviously an inside job, however the managment denied any responsibility to adressing the issue with its security staff. I would not recommend this hotel as a place to stay if managment is not even going to equip the hotel with the necessary devices (cameras, dead bolts) to ensure its guest safety.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonymousNewYork
<Content>Overrated. We just came back from Bravo Beach Hotel. While we had a great time exploring Vieques, Bravo Beach itself was an extremely disappointing experience. Do not stay here. I had read great reviews from Travel  Leisure and Conde Nast and arrived with high expectations which were not at all met. We stayed in Room 5 which had a pretty view, but that was about it. Our comforter had holes in it, the sheets didn't fit on the bed, the tv didn't work, and dust was everywhere. The bathroom is completely run down and the shower does not stay consistently hot. We ran out of bath products early on and they were never replaced. The hotel itself is also run down and located in the worst area of Vieques (Isabel Segunda). There is no beach access as marketed, and the infinity pool shown on the website is located in the restaurant - no one swims in it. The staff was also unhelpful (despite what we've heard in other reviews). They don't provide beach towels (you are supposed to take the shower towels located in your room). And we rented snorkels for a day to find they had not been cleaned from their prior use (even though they were located in the main office). The restaurant at BBH is decent as is Mr. Sushi which is also located on the premises (the guy who runs it is great), but neither stay open past 10. To compensate for that they have an honor bar...however, it has taken over by the staff at night and they are not welcoming to the guests staying there.With that said, I would highly recommend that you stay at either Inn on the Blue Horizon or Martineau Bay if you are going to Vieques...you will have a much better overall experience.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>carol8297
<Content>Disappointed My husband and I stayed at the Bravo in Jan 2007 and were very disappointed. I have used tripadvisor many times before and I was always delighted with the results. But this time we got screwed.The Bravo is overated. Everyone raves about room # 9, but let's face it, over 90% of the guests are not in room 9. We were in room 5, the second best choice-- on the second floor with a view of the ocean. They make a big deal over the Avedo bath products, but I would gladly trade a dresser, or a chair, or even a luggage rack for those little bottles of mint flavored bath products. Other than a couple of hangers on a pole, and a high shelf over the pole, there is no place to put your clothes. I had to keep my suitcase on the floor and rifle through it to get my things. There is no tub and the shower sucks because of low water pressure. There is insufficient bathroom counter space. There is a step between the bathroom and bed.The place looked clean and there were no bugs, but you couldn't walk barefoot in the room without getting dirt all over you feet.The managers wrote in tripadvisor that they finally got black out drapes, but my room just had a few narrow panels of drapes on a loose string. Even when we took the time to spread the panels, they did not cover the entire window and had big gaps between the panels.In sum it was like camping-- for $225 a night! Most disappointing was the view. I thought I was going to stay at an oceanfront location. It was on the ocean, but the view was mostly blocked. The ocean was very close to the rooms, but unless you were standing at the edge of the balcony, it was hard to see the ocean. You could hardly see it when you were sitting because the rail was 9 thick and the balasters were also thick. Also, there were high walls on both sides of the balcony. I specifically asked if I would be able to see the sunset into the water from my room. I was assured that I could. The room faces north and I could not see the sun at any time of day. There was never any sunshine on the balcony.When you left the room, the only time you could see the water was if you were dining in the restaurant, and even then the view was not great because of the low elevation of the restaurant and the high walls on either side.Everyone raved about the restaurant pool (there were no floating pillows when I was there) as it overlooked the water. Yet, you were not allowed to use the restaurant pool except when the restaurant was open, which was sporadically. You couldn't lounge around the pool and no one swam in the pool because who would want to swim when people were watching you while they eat?Once you left your room, unless your were dining in the restaurant (assuming it was open), the only place to go was the inner pool which was surrounded by walls. It was a small pool with nice lounge chairs and the self serve bar nearby. The only problem is that you couldn't tell you were near the ocean. If this is what you want, then find a hotel inland and pay 1/2 the price that Bravo is now charging.The tapas at the Bravo were delicious but the restaurant is only open a few days for dinner and a few days for lunch.Bravo is on the market for 5 million dollars. They no longer have entrees with the breakfast. The breakfast is fine unless your on a low carb diet. We walked to Mommasonger in Isabell, 2 mornings. It's a little place with pretty good eggs.One morning we drove to the Blue Horizon for breakfast. We were kicking ourselves for not staying at the Blue Horizon which was gorgeous. The terrace where we ate a delicious breakfast was gorgeous, the bar was gorgeous, there were plenty of lounging areas with beautiful views, they had an infinity pool overlooking the ocean which was gorgeous. We didn't see the rooms, but if there was any consistency they had to be nice. The bar was like a big luxurous tiki hut with a view. Blue horizon has only 10 rooms but they are in the process of building more.We liked Red beach the best, then blue, then Sun Bay, which is the only beach were you can get Pina Coladas.Don't bother driving to green beach. The sand is very grainy and not nice.Media Luna had great food-- even better than the Bravo. We ate at a small table on the balcony which was romantic. Don't get disappointed, thought-- the balcony overlooks the street, not the water.If you plan on going to Vieques, you better be a good driver. The roads are narrow and rutted and the people drive like madmen. It was not surprising that we saw so many wrecked cars on the island.We were lucky and got a brand new red Jeep from Mariza, which we trashed after 2 days because the roads were so bad!We did the Bio Bay which was nice. We paid Abe $35 each. Another alternative would be to rent 2 person Kyacks in Esperanza at the same place that has jet skis. You can keep all day and overnight for $45 and use it for the Bio Bay and also to paddle out and snorkel near the out island during the day. You can rent snorkels there for $10 whereas Bravo rents them for $15 a day.In sum, I think the Bravo just got greedy. Had we paid $150 a night instead of $225 I would have given it a higher review.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>walnutknollfarm
<Content>Burglary, with no response from owner, in this shabby hotel We visited the island of Vieques, off the coast of San Juan, PR over the Thanksgiving week. We stayed at what has been touted the best small hotel on the island. We have been to the island several times before, and knew the general types of hotels, service, etc. to expect. We booked the best room at the hotel, a 2 BR suite, and went with another couple. The hotel is in a state of disrepair: our oceanfront room had windows painted shut that did not open; air conditioners leaked or did not work; Pratesi sheets, yes - but with holes in them; several light bulbs out when we checked in, that took a few days to get replaced; no light in master bedroom, only small reading lights beside bed; no beach towels available - bath towels were equivalent to a gymnasium; furniture was quite modern in the living room, but the fabric was filthy; breakfast was the same every day, and while a small thing, their website mentions daily quiche - never saw one; and on the last day, the room was broken into and ipods, camera, cash, and other valuables stolen. We called the manager immediately, who told us that it was no use calling the police, they would do nothing. He was extremely disinterested, but said he would follow-up with us and take care of everything. It is now 2 months later, and we have made phone calls, sent numerous emails, and have received only one response from Thomas, the part owner/manager: I have contacte the other owners and will be in touch once I hear from them. This was over 8 weeks ago, and our correspondence continues to be ignored. Most importantly, locks on the doors in which the burglar entered were broken when we took the room; this was not addressed by management. Vieques is a wonderful island, which has recieved quite a bit of publicity in the travel press in the last few years. The hotel, Bravo Beach Hotel, is always mentioned as a 5 star hotel. This is clearly untrue, aside from the way we were treated after a burglary. We have traveled extensively, and are forgiving guests - we don't look for things that are wrong on vacation. We prefer to enjoy wherever we are. However, this establishment is shabby, and has treated us in a shabbier manner. Others who are contemplating going should be aware.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buckinsa
<Content>Loved every single thing We just got back from our honeymoon which included 3 days in San Juan then 3 days at the Bravo Beach Hotel in Vieques. I urge anyone who's going to try to book suite 9. You walk into a huge room that's completely white except for the dark wood that lines the bed and C shaped couch. There's a modern feel to the room but it's not overstated at all, rather just nice clean lines and really comfortable. A door leads to a dressing room with an extremely large dresser, closet racks and more storage. This room is open to the bathroom which is more traditional with blue tiling. The patio is amazing! It's like 15'x20' and overlooks the pool area, but you also have a roof area from the room to the right that you can get up on and this thing is about 40'60' and overlooks the ocean. It's just a beautiful beautiful room! We ate at a few places but the restaurant at bravo was the best by far. They serve tapas which are like little dishes that I'd never had before. Try the pork and steak dish, because there were amazing. The monfongo fish was average. The only thing that wasn't amazing about the property was the beach, and it's not because the beach was bad, it's just that there are about 10 beaches on the island that are breathtaking, but none of the hotels are on any of them. They're all secluded and off of dirt roads so please rent a jeep or you'll have trouble getting around. I'll be happy to answer any questions regarding puerto rico or vieques. Both places were so amazing and I can't wait to get back there. Email me at jeff_calhoun@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>frequenttravelerdc
<Content>Bravo Beach--You will be intoxicated by the beauty; this is a wonderful hotel Bravo Beach is probably the absolute best place to stay on Vieques. We had reserved a garden room, but they upgraded us to an ocean front room. The room had floor to ceiling glass (and a balcony) looking out to the sea--we were only about 40 feet from the shoreline. We just drank in the view and the beauty of the sea constantly. The people there are incredibly friendly and helpful (esp. Thomas and Hilda, but everyone really). The restaurant serves wonderful food that is not cheap, but nonetheless excellent value. Every morning we were served a lovely continental breakfast (included in room price) looking over the sea that consisted of fresh muffins, beautiful fruit, granola, yogurt, coffee, and fresh squeezed juice. It is walking distance from the ferry (although up a steep hill). I would reserve a car--you'll want it for going around to the beaches. The beach at the hotel itself is small and rocky. Our room was beautiful, by the way. Wonderful linens, thick, plush towels, wifi and all of that if you care, and an honor bar. and they'll pack a lunch for you if you want (also fairly priced--$8.50 for delicious wraps).  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamiesgirl
<Content>Nice Hotel on a Great Island We stayed in Room 8 which is the lower suite. We didn't have a view but found the room large and comfortable. While not up to US 4-Star standards, this was a luxury Caribbean property. The staff was polite and helpful. The location was convenient for our first trip on the island as it is close to Isabella II where most of the restaurants are located. The hotel provides nice beach towels, chairs and had a few unbrella's available. There is a new sushi restaurant right on the property where we had excellent appetizers. The honor bar was also very convenient for after-beach and/or after-dinner drinks.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>cpmt
<Content>Fantastic restaurant, great staff Staying at Bravo for a few nights was the highlight of our honeymoon! We stayed in whichever suite is on the ground floor and doesn't have as many windows--room 8 maybe? The view from there wasn't great. My advice would be to stay in either room 9, or one of the regular ocean view rooms, which are less expensive. Our room was very comfortable. The rooms are not as fancy as you might find in a luxury hotel chain. We recently stayed in the W San Diego and you can definitely tell the difference. However, Bravo had all the luxuries that matter to us--air conditioning, soft sheets, cable tv, fresh flowers, and a big, clean bathroom. The restaurant and service couldn't have been better. That's really what made the trip for us. We ate at the restaurant twice for dinner and everything we tried was amazing. For Vieques, it was very reasonably priced. We ate at a few other good restaurants (Chez Shack, Tradewinds) but BBH topped them all. Very romantic atmosphere. It rained most of the time we were there but we still had fun. Thomas was friendly and accessible. If you stay at Bravo, definitely go to Al's for happy hour!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bdogmama
<Content>Honeymooned at BBH       Rooftop patio  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo! Bravo Beach Hotel!       Honeymoon Suite  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>neo1man
<Content>Very quiet island The hotel is very small with only 7 rooms, 2 suites(we had one, number 9, we got through a Luxury Link[--] auction) and 1 villa. The suite was large with a large bedroom with all windows, a dressing area and a bathroom but the dressing area and the bathroom did not have their own air conditioning and were very hot. The room needs a thorough renovation with old, battered furniture and many drawers in the dressing area which do not open correctly. There are also many mosquitos in the room and there was a net over the bed but you need to constantly use bug spray. The sheets do come from Italy and are wonderfully soft.The staff, though, is fantastic, especially Hilda and Marietta as well as the manager, Thomas. Also, Hannah and Agnes in the restaurant were great.You need to rent a car so you can visit the several different beaches since there isn't a useable beach at the hotel. We loved Blue Beach which is usually isolated and has trees to use for shade. The roads are very bumpy in most locations, even town, and the road to Blue Beach is a long dirt road.The food at Bravo Beach is excellent. It is described as tapas but the portions are quite large. The chef,Chris, has a lot of experience and is quite creative. We went to the Martineau Bay Hotel, which will be turned into a W Hotelin the next year or so. My wife and I both had a wonderful massage and then stayed at the pool. We had dinner there and the food was fair at best and the waiter terrible. Another problem in the summer is that only a few restaurants are open on Monday and Tuesday, including the Bravo Beach. Overall, it was a very relaxing vacation but there is not a lot to do on this small island, at least not at the present.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel- Crazy Cleaning Staff!!!!! Stayed at Bravo twice this year - once for two nights in February and again in May, both times the food was delicious, the rooms comfortable and bright, the staff helpful. But the cleaning people were incredibly intrusive!!! The first time, we were staying two nights and the morning after the first night, the cleaning crew knocked on the door once every half an hour starting at about 9:30am until noon! Then they just opened the door and came in!! While we were still in bed... What kind of relaxing, Aveda products providing establishment allows the cleaning crew to just open the door?? Especially when the people are staying a second night and ask you not to come in? The second time in May, again before check out time, while my husband and I were still in bed, the cleaning lady (in spite of our shouts that no we were still in there) just opened the door!! We had to practically run into the closet before she shut it and went away. I have stayed everywhere from The Penninsula Hotel in Chicago to La Quinta in Los Angeles and never until now have I been afraid to go to sleep without covering myself in case the cleaning people barge in when I'm still in bed!!The hotel may be very nice, but if they don't speak to the cleaning crew, we'll never stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo Bravo! My husband and I spent three great nights at Bravo! as part of our honeymoon and had an incredible time. We arrived dirty and tired to a very warm welcome from Hilda including the exciting news that the manager had upgraded us from room 9 to the Villa. The villa includes two bedrooms, two full bathrooms, a kitchen, a dining room and living room space, and a porch with a BBQ. We had a few problems with some water leaking into the living room but it was understandable as we experienced heavy rains on and off for two days, and the cleaning staff were quick to clean it up. The villa itself was spacious and open, and with a very comfortable bed. Hilda was a gem! She really anticipated and catered to our needs. She made dinner reservations for us at excellent restaurants. She was able to get a brand new 2006 jeep wrangler for us to rent - I had no luck getting a rental myself as we only needed it for two days (they like to rent for a full week). She provided many excellent suggestions for activities  sites to visit, demonstrating a thorough knowledge of the island.The continental breakfast was small but very filling - fresh baked muffins, fresh fruit, and your choice of granola or a hot dish. Unfortunately we were not there for nights when the restaurant was open (something to try next time!). The honour bar near the other pool is a really neat, and very convenient touch.Bravo! has a great overall atmosphere. We felt very comfortable there and very spoiled by their excellent staff. Our many thanks to them for helping make our honeymoon just that little more special.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elliemay72
<Content>Can't wait to go back! My boyfriend and I stayed at bbh for 4 day vacation in room #6, which faces the water. We loved it! We fell asleep and awoke to the sound of waves each day. The room was simply decorated with handcrafted beds, lots of airy light. We had wine and cheese waiting for us when we checked in and the mini-bar is well stocked with a fridge big enough for your own snacks too. The included breakfast was quite filling: muffins, fresh fruit, juice, coffee and a choice of a hot item each day. The servers were very nice.The box lunches are a good value, but the sandwiches were way too huge for me. Lunch and dinner are served by the water for great ambience (especially at dinner time!). The servers and staff are amazing all around. The honor bar and pool area was very relaxing. bbh used to be a villa and that's why the front pool seems like it's in a strange spot. I think the quirkiness of the rustic and beautiful grounds adds to the charm.Marietta and Hilda are wonderful, wonderful ladies and they will take care of whatever you need. Harold, the resident dog is a sweetie. You can borrow beach chairs, coolers, umbrellas, kick boards for the day and rent snorkel gear for a nominal charge.My suggestions are to try tapas there one night and then bili and Island Steakhouse were my favorite restaurants. It seems like a lot of the restaurants are geared towards touristshat sort of fusion cuisine that seems quite popular these days. Don get me wrong--the food is great, but try some traditional Puerto Rican food while youe there. You won be disappointed! The Bio bay with Caribe Kayaks is a must; horseback riding with Maureen was great--she showed us some very scenic views that we would never have otherwise seen. Bahuko the horse was the best for my first horseback ride ever! Captain Bill will take you out on a half or full-day sail and he's a great guy to go sailing with and chat about life on the island. The island itself is rather small, but you definitely need an SUV (not a car) to get around. Our Kia Sportage was kinda old and smelly, but we didn really have to worry about all the potholes in the streets either. It hot and humid there and you will need insect repellant if you go to the Bio bay. Otherwise, the bugs weren much of a problem. There weren any more bugs than I would expect to find in any other lush, tropical location and the water is safe (in case you were wondering). This is not a Spring Break destinationhere are no clubs or places to get rowdy. This is best suited for couples and small groups of adults on a relaxing holiday. Overall, let me say that for a relaxing island getaway, bbh gave me exactly what I needed: intimate, personalized service without the McMegaresort feeling. I love Vieques and bbh just the way they are and so let's just keep this a secret, shall we? ;-) I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo is overrated We stayed at the Bravo for 3 nights then at Martineau Bay for 3 nights and I am very glad we didn't stay at the Bravo for the whole stay. Ok, so parts of the hotel Bravo are quite pretty but the rooms are totally overrated. First of all the beds are uncomfortable and hard, all the Frette linen in the world wouldn't help since the bed is a cheap foam matress on a hard board. There were no proper drapes or blinds in our seaview room, only about 5 or 6 strips of white cloth that you can not pull together and right outside our window there was a terrace were guests of the restaurant could eat. So don't count on any privacy in your room since people can stare straight in at you. All we used the room for was sleeping and we would get up at 6 or 7 am since the sun was blaring in the room. I assume they would call this minimalist but I just call it low standard.Also, you can not use the beach since it is very rocky and the swimming conditions are bad. Nobody used it during our 3 days. The staff was very friendly. The restaurant had good food. The packed lunches were pretty good except that they only had half of what was listed on the menu and you wouldn't find out until you picked it up. The Martineau Bay became heaven after our stay at the Bravo. The hotel has 2 pristine beaches and our room had a beautiful luxurius bathtub between the bedroom and bathroom. The rooms are clean and three times the size of the rooms at the Bravo. The spa is really nice too.Blue beach and red beach are amazing.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajeelmundo
<Content>GREAT PLACE! FIrst time in Vieques and this hotel was great!Bravo has 2 pools - yes one of the pools is located in the restarant but the main one is enough.They have wine tastings in the evening - not great wine but still a nice touch.The room was clean and opened up to a balcony with a beautiful view of the ocean.The hotel is on an oceanfront property but you are not allowed to swim in the water because it is rocky. There are many other great beaches on the island.The staff was friendly and helpful as to where to go sightseeing.THe food at the restaurant was okay- very small portions and overpriced!Overall this is a great place to stay and I would recommeded it if you are not looking for a resort type experience.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought it would be nicer We stayed at the $245 a night ocean view room for 4 nights. If I could go back in time, I would definitely have gotten a cheaper room. The room wasn't as nice as I thought it would be. The shower head was broken in our bathroom, which they fixed for us on our 2nd night. But they did such a poor job, we ended up juryrigging it ourselves. There was also a litle bit of mold on the shower wall, which skeeved me out a little. There were little bugs (ants?) crawling around the walls of our room, which we didn't notice until the 3rd day we were there. I don't think this is specific to Bravo (I'm sure the other hotels/BB's have them), but it was still disturbing.The main pool is in a weird area, right next to the restaurant and dining area. We didn't feel comfortable using it and I didn't see anyone else use it while we were there. The other pool is in a better location and we used it periodically during our stay. The restaurant is pretty good although a bit pricey considering the portions are not that big (it's a tapas menu, but still). Bread was $2.50, which I thought was a little ridiculous. The staff is pretty great, though, and the women who work the front desk are more than happy to answer questions and make reservations for you. You definitely need to rent a car while you're there. We rented a 2005 Jeep Wrangler w/ air conditioning for $65 a day from Maritza (sp?) Car Rental.Cafe Media Luna was good for dinner. We also went to Uva (the most expensive restaurant in Vieques, I think), which was a big mistake. I really, really did not like my dish (seafood cassoulet). Bananas has great burgers, but the waittress was pretty rude.Things to do: Bio Bay (of course), Beaches (we went to Red beach and Blue beach and loved both), Horseback riding ($65 for 1 1/2 hours; my friend loved it, but I just thought it was ok), Spa (we both got massages at the Martineau Resort  Spa - very nice).  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MrTambourineman
<Content>Bravo + the real things you need to know There are a couple of things you need to know about Vieques and Bravo. First of all the island is wonderful. It is relalxed and quiet, the people are warm and welcoming if you extend a little interest. Try a beer with the locals at the plaza bar in Isabel Segundo and you will be pleasantly surprised. Life is simple, teenagers tame wild horses and ride them bareback down the streets, old men grab a drink in the mid-afternoon, people sit and relax in the shade. The beaches are amazing, the water is the clearest you'll ever swim in. You might share a whole beach with a hand-full of people. You definitely need a Jeep though to get to them and make sure you book one in advance because you can't get a taxi or walk to one from the Bravo. It should be a SUV and probably a hard top. We used a soft top Jeep Wrangler but found it to be very dusty on the roads to the beach.There is no beach at the Bravo, there are 2 pools. The one you see in photos is in the middle of the restaurant and i can't imagine anyone ever uses it. So there really is one which is ok but why use a regular pool with no view when you can drive 20 minutes to the best beaches you can find.The staff at bravo is good at providing lunches and beach equipment. They were very helpful. Supplement that with a trip to the local supermarket and you have a perfect lunch on the beach.The Hotel rooms at Bravo are poor and not worth the price. The white walls had water damage,our room did not have real blinds or curtains so it's really bright early in the morning. The boutique hotel angle is overplayed. I don't think the Aveda bottles in the bathroom is enough. The food was good and the wait staff were good. Keep in mind the restaurant is only open Thursday to Sunday so if you are there on a monday you have to jump in your car. Given that you are going to spend only the nights there you might choose a cheaper hotel or if you want the comfort of a hotel with amenities you might be best going to the Martineau Bay. Factor in the cost of an SUV too .Media Luna is the best restaurant by far and if you made reservations every night there you would be very happy. Blue Horizons restaurant blows. Keep in mind the island is dead. Esperanza which they make out to be the busy strip is tiny. We were happy with dead because we wanted to get away from it all. Strangely though you need to make reservations for cars,restaurants and the MUST trip to Bio-bay because everyone that ends up there wants to do the same thing.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Beth5
<Content>Ideal Oasis Bravo was the perfect spot for exploring Vieques. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable at the same time. The ocean views are gorgeous. The little touches (packed lunches, beach chairs, etc) made it perfect. I look forward to returning soon!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wetravelchicago
<Content>Great little place We spent four days at Bravo Beach and loved every part of it. The views are wonderful. Our room, #9, was very spacious, had a good sized bath and dressing area. A plus was the roof top patio which was a great place to watch the stars. Breakfast comes with the room and included muffins, fresh fruit, an entre of the day and delicious Puerto Rican coffee. The hotel will make a lunch for you to take to the beach for about $10 pp. For dinner, the resturant offers an assortment of tapas and wines. Two can dine for about $75 not including tip. There are two pools, one featuring an honor bar that works quite well. The staff is friendly and accomodating. They were able to honor all of our requests. The hotels motto is eat, drink, sleep, swim. We recommend Bravo Beach Hotel to anyone looking for that type of experience.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Natal152
<Content>Fabuloso My family and I just returned from a week at Bravo The hotel can only be descibed as brilliant. We stayed in the Villa which I would estimate is at least 1000 sqare feet. It has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen and a loftlike living area. Views literally allow you to look out over the ocean and spy on Puerto Rico and Culebra. Comfy sheets,ample and plentiful towels, a well stocked minibar, lush grounds and beautiful pools enhanced our experience. What made our stay most memorable was not the amenities, but the willingness of the staff to accomodate and anticipate our needs. We were not the typical Bravo guests as we were traveling with two teenage girls (I understand that hotel policy has changed and that guests under 18 are no longer allowed). We were included and welcomed in all that the hotel had to offer- best of all, a family style Italian feast where we got to know the manager and fellow hotel guests. As others have noted, Vieques is not the place visit if you need action or adventure. I personally loved Isabel Segundo which looks like a movie set- slightly seedy but charming nonetheless. Yes, Roosters crow and dogs bark in the early morning hours, but I found them much less disturbing than the sirens and traffic noise one might be exposed to in an urban environment.The tranquil setting allowed us to forget our busy schedules and to truly enjoy the beauty of the Island's beaches and the hospitality of the staff at Bravo.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AshleyMP
<Content>Fantastic Find My husband and I stayed at Bravo for a long weekend, and based on all of the reviews, we expected quite a lot and we had high expectations. Our expectations were met and far exceeded what we had imagined in most areas. I am suprised that the food at bbh, the restaurant at bravo, has not been complimented more. The food was absolutely excellent. Being New Yorkers, we are picky (and maybe snobby)when it comes to food, and all meals at Bravo were delicious. We had the pleasure of meeting the fantastic dinner chef who took us into the wine room and helped us select a great wine for our meal. The box lunches are also a great idea and I recommend ordering it each day and bring to the beach. We ventured to several gorgeous beaches, and our favorite beaches were Navio, Blue and Red beaches. One morning we were literally the only ones on Blue Beach, and it couldn't have been more spectacular. Marietta was extremely helpful in mapping out different beaches, and making reservations for dinner. The location of Bravo is an asset. Like previous reviewers have mentioned, if you are looking for a Cancun experience this is not the place for you, but if you are looking for an authentic experience this is it. We walked into town everyday for a sunset drink at Als and we walked to an excellent restaurant called Cafe Media Luna for dinner. It was so convenient. Ezperanza is nice, but too built up, in my opinion.A few complaints though...One, I think the could spring for boogey boards and umbrellas that are not broken. It was great that they have them, but not useful when they are broken.Two, the garden rooms are dreadful. Worse than a motel. Dark and dreary, and not worth $175+. We stayed in the ocean view rooms for the majority of the trip and had to move to a garden when our flight was cancelled. The ocean views are gorgeous, light and airy. Most people come to Bravo to be on the water, and I am not even sure why they even have those awful, extremely small, garden rooms. I totally recommend visiting Vieques and Bravo!. We definitely hope to return.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jecar
<Content>Great Place to Stay My wife and I just returned from 9 days on Vieques and we spent the entire stay at the Bravo Beach Hotel. We loved our time there. Thomas, the manager is always available and helpful. Our first room did not have an ocean view which puts you right where people enter to the restaurant. Not a big deal but the ocean view rooms are definately worth it the extra money. The rooms are clean and modern with all the conveniences.The restaurant is great with their Tapa menu and we took advantage of their boxed lunches that are very handy. The continental breakfast was good, fresh fruit, quiche, muffins, etc.We weren't bothered by the roosters or mosquitoes.It is also within walking distance of some very good restaurants and it felt very safe to do so.Jim and RobertaPS Definately rent a vehicle  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>klejnieks
<Content>Amazing-- We couldn't of had a better honeymoon!!!! 5 stars! My husband and I honeymooned in Vieques in late November 2005.Everything about our experience was wonderful! The hotel and the island of Vieques exceeded our expectations, and the service, location, and amenities were amazing.My husband and I were a little unsure about Vieques as a honeymoon location. We weren't sure how developed the island was, and we didn't know anyone who had been.From the minute we contacted Bravo!, we felt like we made the right choice. The staff put our concerns at ease, and were willing to help us arrange anything we need.First, I want to describe why my husband and I loved the hotel so much. The rooms were clean and relaxing, although slightly small (however, we were never in our room, so it didn't matter). The linens and bathrobes were amazing! We loved the Aveda products. We had no problem with hot water or air conditioning, and we fell asleep to the sound of the ocean every night. The staff was unbelievable. Everyday our restaraunt reservations were made for us. The manager, Thomas (hi thomas!!), even lent us his personal beach chairs and blankets. The staff was extremely welcoming and flexible. We felt like we were staying at a private estate, not a hotel.Now, I would like to respond to some of the concerns raised in posts below:1. Location- There is nowhere else on the island I would rather stay. The view from Bravo is amazing. It is located in a neighborhood within walking distance from the ferry. Because it is a neighborhood, you really get a feel for the neighborhood and the people (hence, the roosters). It is not in a gated community, which allows (or forces, depending onyour perspective) you to fully experience life in this amazing community. The hotel is right on the ocean and has two pools. Someone below said that they wished that they had stayed in Esperanza, but I totally disagree. Esperanza only has two real restaurants, where as Bravo is right in Isabel Segundo. It is within walking distance of many restaraunts and the shops in Isabel II.2. Beaches-- No one in their right mind would even want to swim by the hotel. This is not because the hotel's beach isn't nice, it is because Vieques has some of the more beautiful beaches in the entire world within a 5 minute ride. The beaches located in the nature preserve (former army base) are unbelievable and totally secluded. Basically the hotel's beach is great, but why swim there??3. Rooster- Vieques is a small, secluded, and somewhat undeveloped island. We found the roosters charming. If you don't, you really shouldn't go to Vieques, and if you do, you should stay at Martineau Bay.For people who like the possibility of exploring an island with an interesting history, and that is the opposite of Cancun, Vieques is perfect. And, there is nowhere else I would stay on the island. If you are looking for a resort experience, there is no reason to come to Vieques.-Kristen and Joe (Washington, D.C.)  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MARINACH
<Content>Located next door to a storm drain  This nice beachfront property is unfortunately located next to a mosquito-infested storm drain. I don't know why all the rave reviews on trip advisor failed to mentioned it. You'll have to think twice about swimming in the beach (especially after it rains) so try their pools instead. The rooms were very clean and modern with a minimalist tone. Friendly service does make up for having to deal with a faulty air conditioning unit.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Elizabetham
<Content>Bravo-wonderfull-unless your picky and whiney! We love Bravo! I had never got around to posting a review of my stay at Bravo in August, but after seeing the latest review, I knew that I must! My husband and I went to stay at Bravo for the second time in August. This place is absolutely exceptional! Thomas and Marietta are the most gracious and knowledgeable hosts we have ever encountered anywhere. They really make us feel welcome, and like we were their only guests. We have never had any problems with our rooms, and are toiletries were replaced as we would expect, but had they not been, I'm sure we could have simply asked for some. We try not to focus on the petty stuff, when we are in paradise. As for the roosters in the neighborhood, HELLO! This is authentic Puerto Rico. Are all of the locals supposed to stop living because people are vacationing there? The sound of them reminds you of the authenticity, kind of like the wild horses running around! We had no problem with the neighborhood,we find it a little cozy, and we actually took a walk to the little town section one day for ice cream. We also drove more inland to see the big houses up on the hills. Although there is plenty of warning about petty thieves, we have never had a problem, and we just kept our valuables out of sight or at Bravo like they recommendThis hotel, or this island experience for that matter is not a typical one that you would find anywhere but here. Stay at the Wyndham if you want big over priced resorts, that aren't at all authentic or personal. But I didn't see any differece between staying there or in Florida (cheaper trip). Bottom line: I have stayed at one other place on Bravo-Hectors' by the sea, and that was great as well, but we really like Bravo better, and I don't think that we would stay anywhere else, now that we've found it. Thomas, and Marietta the best!Ok, I found one bad thing to say. Sorry Thomas, but we don't like your little beach chairs! But, we are not picky, and we will still use them so we don't have to lug around our own!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pupopirupo
<Content>Probably one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever stayed in       BYE!! Isabel II from the Ferry  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DCSwimmer
<Content>Not What We Expected My husband and I stayed at Bravo! for 5 days/4 nights during August 2005. We chose it over the Martineau Bay resort because we wanted a more intimate, non-corporate environment, without sacrificing comfort and luxury (a boutique-hotel feel). Unfortunately, our experience was much different than that reported by other tripadvisor travelers.(1) The chances of a warm shower were about 50% -- and it didn't matter if we showered during the morning or in the evening. (2) The toilet malfunctioned mutliple times. Considering that we only spent about 3 hours at most in the room on any given day (usually we were out snorkeling or exploring -- we'd leave in the morning and return in the evening around 6 pm to shower for dinner), we didn't use it much, but just about each time, it wouldn't flush properly. Trying to find someone to unclog it when it finally backed up completely (in the evening) was a challenge. Very unpleasant to deal with during a vacation.(3) Every morning at about 5 am, roosters from directly across the street woke me up with their high-pitched braying -- I can't describe it as crowing, as it was such a harsh, obnoxious noise. They continued until about 7 am, so being able to fall back asleep wasn't an option. (4) Location of Bravo!. Bravo! is located in a rather isolated part of Isabel Segunda. There is no way I would walk around outside of the hotel grounds (which, by the way, are rather small) during the evenings, or during daylight, for that matter. Contrastly, I felt very safe in Esperanza at any hour, given the number of tourists walking about and restaurants open, and it would have been much more convenient to be able to walk to any number of restaurants and back home to our hotel, rather than having to get in the car and drive at least 10 minutes. Additionally, Bravo! is not near any snorkeling areas/beaches (most are on the South shore, where Esperanza is located) -- and being near the ferry terminal is not a benefit -- rather, if you're unlucky enough to leave the hotel bound for any of the beaches or a restaurant (even one within Isabel Segunda), you'll get stuck in local traffic.(5) Free kayak tour of the bioluminescent bay. When I made the reservations at the hotel, I was told there was a special -- a free kayak tour for 2 people with a stay at Bravo!. When we actually went on the tour, however, the tour provider informed us that he had no such arrangement with Bravo!, so we had to pay in full. When we informed Marietta at Bravo!, rather than just quickly acknowledging there was a screw-up and promptly crediting our hotel bill, she complained to us that the tour provider should not have charged us, etc. When we pressed the point, she finally (and, it seemed to me, reluctantly) credited our hotel bill with the amount we paid for the tour. As a note -- the tour was fantastic -- we thoroughly enjoyed it. Of course, the tour co. was located in Esperanza.(6) Unrefreshed toiletries. During our entire stay, our toiletries were never refreshed. When we ran out of the initial items presented in our room on the first day (1 small bottle each of conditioner  shampoo, 2 small soap bars), we dipped into our own provisions (brought with us from the US). I kept expecting that we'd have new toiletries each day -- so never bothered to ask -- and, unfortunately, they never materialized. Since they failed to refresh our toiletries for every day of our stay, this struck me as cheap, not just an oversight.On the positive side: Marietta was great at welcoming us to the hotel, accomodating our request for a change in rental car, recommending various beaches for snorkeling, large waves, or sunbathing, recommending restaurants, and even giving us tips on protecting valuables while snorking off a beach; Our view of the ocean from our room on the second floor, with a private balcony, was lovely; The continental breakfast was wonderful -- hardboiled fresh eggs (probably from chickens across the street), homemade bread, a few cereals, tea  coffee (we didn't have lunch or dinner there);We appreciated the honor bar -- a great idea; and The grounds were rather unique and romantic, and I liked the modern feel of the place.However, ultimately, I would not stay at Bravo! again. Frette linens and boxed lunches are lovely additional touches when the basics are in place. Since we just hoped for a warm shower and working toilet on a daily basis, those extras were really irrelevant. Also, the location of the hotel was extremely inconvenient. Given that we could have stayed at the Martineau Bay resort that week for the same price (with its much larger, lush grounds, although not necessarily more convenient), I was disappointed we didn't chose to stay there, or one of the places in Esperanza (if opting for convenience over luxury).  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just lovebly A perfect place for relaxing and enjoying a romantic evening. Unfortunately, I only had time for one night, but I am hoping I can get to come back. The employees are very nice and the service is excellent. I have never been treated so nice at an hotel in my life. I enjoyed myself so much I am looking forward to visiting it at least once a year.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dt012319
<Content>Like waking up on a cloud every morning...       Back pool and honor bar at Bravo!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CZP
<Content>Bravo! is one of the Best! My husband  I stayed at Bravo! for 5 nights in late August and would highly recommend it to everyone! We had room #5 overlooking the pool with an ocean view and a little balcony and we loved it! The room had 100% cotton sheets - high thread count, almost everything was white so you know they have to keep it clean! There were no suspicious flowered bed spreads which is a plus. Satellite TV. Aveda bath products. You can borrow beach chairs, boogie boards etc to take to the beaches. The AC was perfect. They have 2 pools but we were so busy at the beaches we didn't get to enjoy them. They were well kept and beautiful. The bathroom and shower area were clean and very nice. The towels were big and fluffy and they give you a bunch presuming that you will be using some for the beach. We initially thought the Esperanza side of the island would be the preferable place to be but clearly the northern side has a lot happening and as everyone else says - it only takes 15 minutes to get across from north to south. Upon making the reservation, we let them know that we would need to rent a jeep (absolute must for getting around). They have their own jeeps that they can reserve for you relieving us off the task of going elsewhere to rent. Even on the day we left, Marietta told us to drive the jeep to the Vieques airport and leave it there and they would pick it up later! If that isn't accommodating I don't know what is! We originally selected Bravo! for many reasons but mostly because at this writing, is one of the only hotels that advertises free wi-fi internet connections. If anything could be improved about Bravo! it would ONLY be to add a phone to each room but even then, Marietta and Thomas let us use the office phone with our calling card when we had trouble finding a working public phone! Thomas and Marietta will go out of their way to help their guests! As it is a smaller hotel, they are very interested in how your stay is going, tell you how to get to this beach or that, advise on restaurants, etc. They offered a free continental breakfast right by the pool. The lunches were very affordable and gourmet! We would love to return to Bravo! again and out of all of our annual trips to PR, Bravo! helped to make this one our best ever!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo! es muy bueno My husband and I just returned from four great honeymoon days at BRAVO. We relied heavily on trip advisor to guide us in finding the perfect place to stay; we were definitely NOT disappointed.From my first telephone conversation with wonderful Marietta - who helped us by coordinating everything for us, from our trip to the bio bay (a MUST!), arranging for a car rental (also a must) from the moment we arrived to the day we left, coordinating our meals (i am vegetarian, my husband is vegan - she ensured that we ate so very well - check out Tropical Babies... the owner, Baby, is a great vegetarian/vegan cook, and a wonderful woman, and BBH chef, Chris Ellis, created a delicious meal for us as well), guiding us to the best beaches, and simply creating an atmosphere in which we felt so comfortable, welcome, and taken care of. The rest of the staff are just amazing - so sweet, kind, and great at what they do. Our room (#4) was the perfect size for two, very clean, sleek and modern, with no bugs, great a/c, comfy feather pillows, beautiful view of the ocean, and was totally private. Fresh flowers and a bottle of wine awaited us in our room at check-in, and the hotel provided fresh beach towels daily, beach chairs, coolers, and boxed lunches. The aveda products and soft bath towels and sheets were much appreciated as well. They even supplied sunscreen by the pool!We couldn't have been more pleased with our stay. Many, many thanks.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drinette
<Content>A wonderful Stay and Hotel We stayed at the Bravo Hotel on July 4th weekend. The staff is absolutely charming and helpful. They made reservation for us for the kayak tour (Blue Caribe, very nice people). They came to pick us up when our rental car (Marco rental) broke down in the middle of a dirt road...took our luggage and dropped us off at the airport. The hotel itself is very quiet, the view from the restaurent is great (pool + sea). The breakfast + packed lunch were delicious, and I regret I did not have dinner there. Vieques' beaches are beautiful and it is not AT ALL an issue not to have the beach at the hotel...since there are no hotel on the most beautiful beaches and you need to drive there...We will recommand the Bravo Hotel to anyone going to Vieques!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo to Bravo My husband and I returned from Bravo about a week ago-we had a great time. We thought the service provided by the staff was outstanding-they made dinner recommendations and reservations-provided directions to the beach etc. The staff is as accomodating as any 5 star resort we have ever stayed in. The property is very pretty- nice pool areas-we had the pool to ourselves every afternoon after the beach it was great. The wine selection is fun, interesting and well priced with selections from around the world.Upon making reservations I asked about the beach conditions and Thomas was very upfront and told us that it wasn't a swimming beach and that we should rent a car to get to the best beaches. Yes, the roads to the beach are bumpy but so worth it once there (only takes about 15-20 minutes).The resort falls short with some of the creature comforts-- the bed-foam mattress on a platform (now my husband is in his early 50's I am in my late 40's so we may be we are more fussy than some younger folks-in terms of bed comfort). There wasn't enough lighting in the room, or drawers to stow your stuff but the room was clean and there were plenty of towels etc.The BBH tapas resturant was very good to excellent, the contential breakfast was so-so at best, the box lunches were okay.We were looking for an inexpensive vacation spot and understood that at $200 a night we wouldn't be getting luxury but overall the resort did exceed our expectations.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but....Not on the beach The staff was fine. The food (breakfast and boxed lunch) was fine. The room was very small and cell-like in need of at least another 3 light fixtures in order to read and dress. I could have lived with the hotel as it was, except for one big flaw which is not evident in the reviews or the hotel's website. The problem is that although the hotel is on the water, has a very nice view, there is NO BEACH. The shoreline is all slippery rock. Upon our arrival, noticing that there was no beach, the person checking us in told us do not try to swim off the shore here since the rock is very slippery and we could get hurt.In order to go to the beach you have to rent a car, drive to the other side of the island on some badly rutted roads. Along the way you should stop in one of the local stores and buy beach chairs and an umbrella because the hotel does not have enough for the guests of its 10 rooms. I donated mine to the hotel at the end of my stay.If you're 22 or 23 years old and want to take your girlfriend away for a couple of days, this place is fine. However don't come here expecting an undiscovered diamond.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everyone is right, Bravo! rocks! Everything about Bravo! is terrific -- from the fluffy towels and bathrobes, to the modern, but comfortable, design in the room (we were in #6) that compliments the beautiful ocean views, to the excellent new BBH tapas restaurant and its uber-chef, through the pool area with the honor bar and great soundtrack. Thomas (who was pulling extra duty while Marietta was away, even while his mother was in town) recommended everything from the most beautiful (and empty) beaches to local lunch places, on top of making all of our reservations, and being simply awesome. Just the type of laid-back, cool, romantic honeymoon my spouse and I wanted. Don't come expecting room-service and formally dressed butlers, but do expect a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Honeymoon Bravo was nothing short of excellent. My new husband and I enjoyed our oceanview room and excellent service that was provided for us. Marietta was wonderful and gave us great ideas and recommendations of what to do, what to eat, etc. We had a perfect honeymoon! Thank you Bravo for making our honeymoon experience extra special!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hhbartman
<Content>BRAVO, BRAVO....... Bravo was indeed true to the reviews........ beautiful botique-style hotel, very friendly and sincere staff........ We were there for three nights on our honeymoon (then on to Old San Juan, Gallery Inn, also awesome) and we wish we would have stayed at least another night....... We were in room 9 which has stunning views and accesses a huge deck which for all intensive purposes is private to that room........ even did some naked suntannin....!Definitly do the bio bay trip; you will remember it forever. You can also join the Wyndham for the day for $20 which has a pretty good health club facility and then later hang by the pool/ocean, use their towels, showers, etc.....The onsite restaurant recently re-opened and offers a tapas type menu. The service and food quality were very good but even by tapas standards the portions were small and pricy...... for example, nine steamed mussels were $7.95......... thats my sole complaint and as they just opened they need some time to tweak things......  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hands down- Bravo is the best place to stay on Vieques! We just returned from a 5 night stay at Bravo- we loved the hotel and would absolutely go back and recommend to friends. The staff and management was incredibly accomodating and went above and beyond in every way. We stayed at Bravo over the July 4th holiday weekend which was the grand opening of their restaurant. The food was outstanding and the crowd looked as though they were dropped in from Soho if not for the sweeping views of the Atlantic, one could certainly forget that you are on Vieques. Our oceanside room was great- perfect balcony for cocktails after the beach. The bed was so comfortable and felt like a memory foam mattress. Same goes for the pillows. Frette linens and fluffy towels for the shower and for the beach. The mini bar was stocked with everything, but the poolside honor bar was our favorite place. We would have been happy eating in the restuarant every night as the food was superb, but we wanted to try some local restaurants. (Taverna Espagnola-delish paella and the best Sangria we have ever had!) Thomas and Marietta gave us great recomendations and we enjoyed each meal. During the day we spent time at the beaches and brought along our packed lunch that we ordered the night before from the Bravo restaurant. They pack it in a refrigerator bag that you can pick up after breakfast. The continental breakfast included in the room rate was very good. Great Banana Bread, fresh fruit, Puerto Rican coffee, cereal and hard boiled eggs. The last two nights at Bravo were supposed to be in a garden side room as the ocean side were all booked. But the fab. management upgraded us to the Villa- 2 bedrooms, 2 bath, backyard leading to the ocean. Massive living room, dining room and kitchen. It was great. All in al we had a fantastic time and we were very impressed with the staff. They work really hard to make sure that the guests are having the best experience possible whether in their hotel or at other location on the island. We look forward to returning to Bravo!Thanks so much to Thomas and Marietta. You guys made our trip!!Brigit and Pete MaulikNYC  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding time at the Bravo Beach Hotel Just had outstanding rehersal dinner at the Bravo Beach Hotel. What an intimate place to hold a party. There were 65 people enjoying the wonderful atmosphere in the Palm Courtyard at the Bravo Hotel-There were candles around the beautiful pool as well as floating in the pool. There were big open cabanas to relax in-Everyone enjoyed the sunset from the balcony. We enjoyed fantastic food - fresh island cuisine-( So good we 25 people came back for dinner a few nights later!)The Bravo Beach Hotel has a sophistication to it- no wonder it was voted one of the best new hotels in 2005 in Conde Nast Traveler. The location, the property, food  drinks were amazing but what really made the experience was the wonderful management of the General Manager, Thomas Martin. He has an eye for detail and goes beyond your greatest expectation to surpass what you have requested. I planned this rehersal dinner in 2 weeks and he was a joy to work with! The Bride and Groom were so thrilled with the evening they checked out of their large hotel and enjoyed 3 nights at this intimate chic hotel. Many of the wedding guests will be back and will opt for Bravo- I know I will!! We could not have been happier!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catfitzgerald
<Content>fantastic What a great place. I've been there twice and it still exceeds my expectations. The rooms are not huge but are lovely and quiet and the beds are extremely comfortable and you can lie there and look straight out at the ocean. They even pack a mean lunch in a cooler for the beach.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CindyAshevilleNC
<Content>Superb Vieques itself was a very pleasant surprise with its low key atmosphere and great beaches. Bravo is excellent in all categories as all the reviewers have noted above.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I recently visited Vieques for the first time. A friend had recommended the Bravo Beach Hotel and we are forever grateful! The hotel is located in the small town of Isabella, just a quick drive from the airport or ferry dock. Inside the hotel, you'll discover an open air lobby surrounded by a calming fountain, pool, and garden lounge with an honor bar. The rooms are beautifully decorated and equipped with satellite TV, small refrigerator, and comfy reading chair. The best part was the balcony that provided views of the best sunsets on the island. We were slightly disappointed that Chef Michael's Foodspace was under renovations, but the hotel was kind enough to offer a complementary breakfast that we enjoyed each morning, poolside. We loved the coffee the most!Perhaps the best part of our stay was the super-friendly staff! Both Thomas and Marietta were absolutely amazing and helped us with dinner recommendations, biobay reservations (our favorite!!!), car rental, and directions to the best beaches on the island. In short, the staff goes above and beyond to ensure the happiness of their guests. We will definitely be back and will tell our friends and family.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hit_the_lights
<Content>We loved our stay at Bravo! My wife and I celebrated our one year anniversary in Vieques over the Memorial Day holiday, and we loved our stay at Bravo!The beauty of this boutique hotel is equally matched by the care Thomas and Lawrence give to their guests. Lawrence provided excellent directions to the hotel, and Thomas was very helpful in showing us how to get to the beautiful beaches that are off the beaten path, and provided us with beach chairs and a cooler that was very handy.Our stay in room #9 was great. The view was incredible, with windows covering 3 of the 4 walls, and the canopy bed was very romantic and relaxing. The ceiling fan was very cool and very quiet, which was great. And absolutely nothing beats the calm sounds of the Atlantic while you sleep.The amenities were nice, especially the poolside breakfasts and the honor bar. We were sad to see that Chef Micheal's FoodSpace had closed, but Thomas was very apologetic for the inconvenience, and did provide ample dining recommendations for lunch and dinner. The future restaurant there should be very nice.We only had minor constructive criticisms regarding Bravo!, and Thomas listened to us sincerely and did tell us the imminent plans that would address those concerns. They did not in anyway detract from our experience. I expected the highlight of a stay in a boutique hotel to be the personal touches in design and service, and our experience at Bravo exceeded our expectations.Highlights of Vieques: Beaches: Blue (very scenic), Secret, and Garcia are fun to get to, but for incredibly calm and warm water to relax in, and pure white sand, Red Beach is hard to beat. Dining: The service at Cafe Media Luna was average, but the food was fantastic. Our favorites were the corn fritters with fresh mango salsa, and the indian dish of saag (spinach), tomato curry, and swordfish steak. Also, if you are in the mood for some simple pizza and ice cream, we'd recommend Scoops.Activities:1. The biobay tour with Sharon Grasso's Island Adventures is a must. The presentation on the biobay and the dinoflagellates was interesting and humorous thanks to Snoopy, and sure the pontoon boat is less adventurous than a kayak, but when the boat docks and you swim in the water, the real experience begins. 2. The Spa at the Wyndham Martineau Bay resort is very nice, the lounge facilities (stone whirlpool, sauna, steam room) are good, and the ocean front couples massage is very therapeutic. Overall, we had a great time.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEAUTIFUL and WONDEFUL This hotel is a travelers dream. With its beautiful decor and small but cozy feel, this hotel is a definate match to the likes of The W Hotels and the Standard Hotel.....It is amazing....I recently stayed there for a one night stay while in Vieques and I did not want to leave. It is just wonderful. Words do this hotel no justice....it is something that needs to be experienced. Thomas, is an amazing host. I definatley recommend this hotel with my highest enthusiasm.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DPTChicago
<Content>A Touch of South Beach in Vieques Just returned from Vieques where we spent the night of May 13 a night at the Bravo Hotel.If you arrive on the Ferry from Fajardo, no need to take a cab if you are reasonably fit and travelling lightly - the hotel is about four blocks from the Ferry port.The Hotel struck us as being sort of art deco with pastel colors and funky minimalist rooms which we enjoyed. However, while technically on the beach, the Hotel is not on a swimming beach. Most of the best sandy swimming beaches are about a twenty minute drive to the other side of the island.Our hosts, Marietta and Thomas, were eager to please with lots of good recommendations, particularly for dinner at Media Luna which is a cozy little place in town within walking distance of the Hotel. Sadly, though, Chef Michael's Food Space was in the process of having a going out of business sale the weekend we were there. It was not clear to us what Hotel management's plans are for the space or for bringing-in another deli, snack shop or restaurant...  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandsage1
<Content>Gorgeous rooms and grounds After spending a few nights at a lousy vacation rental, we were desperate to escape and incredibly lucky to get two nights in the last available room at Bravo! The rooms are beautifully decorated in modern style. The pool is lush and inviting, surrounded by lovely plantings and comfortable high-end louge furniture. Our favorite part was the honor bar. It's just a great place to invite new friends to for leisurely drinks into the night. The front desk staff were really helpful and friendly. The only complaint would be that the maid service was a bit difficult to deal with, as if they wanted to clean the room when you wanted to nap, it was hard to get them to come back later.Chef Michael's gourmet food shop - on the premises but under separate ownership and management - is a really great added bonus. after a few days on vieques you may find yourself going through cheese withdrawal (if you're that kind of person - we are) and chef michael will provide your fix. he picks up a special shipment from boston once a week of specialty goods that are impossible to find elsewhere on the island.(by the way, the lousy vacation rental is advertised as the breakers: ---------------------- don't go there, the advertising couldn't be farther from the reality)  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo for Bravo Warm weather and even warmer people. We visited Vieques for the first time last weekend and can't wait to visit again. Marietta, Lawrence and Thomas are incredible hosts and we appreciated just the right balance of availbility and privacy. They helped us feel right at home both at the hotel but also getting around on the island. Their suggestions for meals and fun places on the island were right on point. The hotel has several features that make it stand out. The simple, modern design of the room is refreshing after a long day at the beach. The frette sheets and aveda products are a nice touch. The hotel has several areas that are perfect watching the sunset. And if you want to spend time in your room, they also provide a nice selection of dvds and playstation games. Another fun feature of the hotel is the honor bar. I will definitely recommend Bravo to anyone planning a visit to Vieques.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You must be kidding... We read the reviews on this site prior to our trip to Vieques. After staying at Bravo! it wasn't clear to me that any of the people who had written the reviews had actually been there. The rundown:Rooms: The rooms have a modern, minimalist feel, but that fails to accomodate for the fact that they are just small and the beds uncomfortable. Breakfast: Pretty good. It was catered by the store below the inn and probably the highlight of the experience. Service: This was bloody awful. We were moved around to 3 different rooms in 4 nights. Although the staff moved our things, they forgot to give us a key so we were locked out until we could drag the manager from a local bar to let us in. Another night the music in the courtyard was left blaring until I climbed up to the speakers and muffled them with some beach towels...Overall, I recommend putting your $200 per night to a better use.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chachanewyork
<Content>resort bliss meets B The ultimate in DIY luxury. If you're one who likes the luxury amenities like frette sheets, fancy products, the ultimate concierge service, all without the attitude, craziness and impersonal feel of a resort, then this is the place. We felt completely at home here as soon as we checked in and met Thomas and Marietta. We were then wisked off to our romantic hideaway(room #9) which overlooked the ocean. Vieques itself is a beautiful island with endless beaches to discover where most of the time, you had the entire beach to yourself. As most beaches were remote in location, it was key to take the picnic basket prepared for us by Chef Michaels. After a long day at the beach, we relaxed by the ocean-side pool watching the sunset drinking our cervezas, very picturesque. Staying at Bravo only made us love Vieques even more and would definitely recommend to anyone!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Intimate, lovely place for a getaway My husband and I spent a wonderful 2 nights at Bravo, in room 9, which overlooks the ocean and has a large rooftop terrace. The hotel is intimate, personable, easy--the super-friendly staff anticipate needs such as dinner reservations, and the poolside, make-it-yourself honor bar means that you don't have to venture from your oceanside haven. This is a great option for those weary of big anonymous resorts, and yet like their creature comforts. The Frette linens and robes are a nice touch. Breakfast from Chef Michael's Foodspace --imagine a Vieques Dean and Deluca--includes all kinds of fresh baked deliciousness, as well as fresh fruit and coffee. They also sell top quality wine and cheeses-perfect for stocking up for a beach excursion. Highly recommended for couples or families, and reasonably priced.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo?? That's Hot.       What I saw at the beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The PERFECT place for an off the path romantic vacation!       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo! Indeed! Wow! Thank you again Thomas and Marietta!! My wife and I were looking to hang out, drink cocktails and experience something more 'bohemian' than the ususal fare. We got way more than we bargained for! Great food, great weather, cool people and memorable vacation. If you're looking for a full service experience, go elsewhere. If you want to read a book on a totally secluded beach with some cold Heiniken's and eat like a king - go to Vieques. I imagine Vieques is what Key West was like when Hemingway was hanging out at Sloppy Joe's. Bravo is located in the city of Isabela, so it's 'urban'. But we had to close the patio door at night because the ocean was too loud! It's that close. The decor is minimalist, but comfortable. The area is so neat, that you are not likely to be hanging out in your room anyway. The common areas at Bravo are very inviting, so you end up knowing everyone staying in the hotel by the 2nd day.You have to drive to the beaches, so rent a jeep and go exploring! You're sure to be amazed at the beauty of the island and the scar left by the US military.A word to the wise - DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING OF VALUE IN YOUR CAR/BLANKET UNATTENDED!! I was told this 3x, but did not heed the advice and got ripped off. We felt very safe despite this inconvenience.We're already planning our trip next year and we'll be back to Bravo! This time we're bringing our friends!Thank you again Thomas and Marietta!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo a perfect retreat My husband and I spent 4 nights at Bravo earlier this month and enjoyed it immensely. After a day at the beaches it was wonderful to come back and relax by the lovely pool. Our room (#9, over the villa) was clean and gorgeous and airy, with water views all around and an enormous bed. We were really pleased with the location, as it meant we could walk into town for dinner at night. But we were especially happy with the wonderful people at Bravo. Marietta was so helpful in getting us set up for our visit, and Thomas (the manager) was just so gracious and pleasant, with wonderful recommendations. We felt very at home, very at ease, and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lin77
<Content>Bravo a Gem! My husband and I recently returned from 3 days at Bravo and just loved every minute of our stay. From the moment our taxi pulled up to the hotel and we were greeted by Thomas, General Manager, we were made to feel welcome. Restaurant reservations had been made for the following two nights for us and Thomas tracked down our rental car and had it delivered right away. Marietta was also a gracious host and most helpful.The rooms were a wonderful change from the cookie cutter hotel room. They were bright, clean and uncluttered. I was a little concerned about reading previous reviews on the floors not being clean (sandy) but realized that were were in fact bringing the sand in ourselves from the beach and tracking it through and so were more vigilant upon entering the room. There was no mildew in the bathroom that I could see. Everything was spotless. The ceiling to floor windows to the ocean gave an awesome view and we spent much time on the balcony taking in the beauty of the ocean and listening to the waves rolling to shore while sipping wine and snacking on cheese and pate from Chef Micheal's Foodspace. The pool area was just fabulous. Although not a mega resort pool, it was great for swimming laps and cooling off. Thomas has done a wonderful job of placing huge pillows on oversize benches to lounge on apart from the regular pool chairs and decorating to create a beautiful oasis, with soft music, an honour bar and beautiful plants.Chef Michael's Foodspace was a great place to have our breakfast. Fresh squeezed orange juice, fresh breads and cappucino started our day as we overlooked the ocean and one of the pools with the friendliest service. For lunch the deli sandwiches are excellent and often one is sufficient enough to feed two. They will even pack a cooler for you to take to the beach. The wine selection is to die for and priced for every budget, and the cheese and pate selection fabulous.There are in fact roosters belonging to the locals which do crow throughout the day - but you have to realize that this is the culture and lifestyle of the people here and respect that. To see how people actually live is a large part of any trip for us. Being on an island with no fast food chains or box stores( for now) and seeing wild horses roaming and people riding horseback as their sole means of transportation is a refreshing and educational experience.Thank you Thomas and Marietta. Chef Michael and all the staff at Bravo for making this leg of our trip to Puerto Rico the most enjoyable and memorable one!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ptowndb
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing stay We (two couples) stayed in the villa for a week. Marietta and Thomas could not have made the experience more pleasing. They and the other staff did an excellent job of making sure we were taken care of without being overbearing or intrusive. It was like renting a house with a concierge service whenever we needed it. The villa is a great choice for anyone who wants more space (or privacy) than a regular room affords. There's a kitchen, but no oven -- so don't expect to bake a cake or lasagna or anything. (With Chef Michael's a stone's throw away, there's really no need for one.) Overall, excellent accommodations that I would not hesitate to use again!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo, Bravo! We stayed at Bravo during March 2005 and were very pleased with the hotel. Here are some of the advantages of Bravo:1. An excellent location. The hotel is right on the water and the majority of rooms have panoramic views of the beach and ocean.2. Very friendly staff. The owner and employees are on-site from early morning into the evening. They readily provide on-target recommendations for activities and restaurants. They also make efforts to think of small details that will be helpful (e.g., lending beach chairs, arranging car rentals, etc.).3. Wonderful amenities. There were two small pools that were pretty, plush cushions on the adjacent lounges, an outstanding gourmet deli/shop, thick-n-thirsty towels, aveda shampoos, an honor system bar outside, and other similar nice things.4. Nicely situated so you can enjoy Vieques. Vieques has the most unspoiled beaches in all of Puerto Rico. Water so clear you can easily see 5-8 feet down; beaches that you can find by following bumpy, unpaved roads and be the only one there...What's holding me back from a 5 star rating? Well, some of the furnishings are out-of-date or seem older, the deli/shop isn't open for dinner and closes all day during mid-week, and there were tiny ants in the bathroom (I figured that this sort of thing would be endemic to the area, though). Overall, an excellent place that I definitely recommend to others.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Puerto Rico Paradise We loved our stay at Bravo! From the moment we checked in, we were well taken care of. This is a small hotel with a small staff, yet we felt pampered. They suggested restaurants, beaches and other activities, and they were never wrong. They provided maps, good directions, made reservations for us, lent us beach chairs and were happy to provide additional towels.The rooms are a bit too spare (very modish decor does not leave much room to put things away or to spread out) and the bathrooms could definitely benefit from an upgrade, but they try to make up for it with luxurious linens and toiletries. The rooms have satellite TV and video game boxes (games are available at the front desk). But who wants to watch TV? The hotel is right on the ocean, and the views are spectacular.It helps to have Chef Michael's food space in the hotel. He hosted a wine tasting our second night there, and we loaded up with food for the long flight home before we left.We had never been to Vieques before, but we would go back, and Bravo is the only place we would stay.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MeloKacey
<Content>Brave is Unique We recently spent four nights at Bravo, and from the mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, we weren't sure what to expect. Well, here's what we found: Bravo is tiny and unique. Marietta and Thomas, the new manager, were friendly, genuine, and incredibly helpful. The grounds are lovely and well maintained, Chef Michael's truly is delicious, and the unobstructed ocean views from the rooms are unbeatable. Although located on the wrong side of the island, we grew to love our little corner of Vieques at Bravo, and didn't mind the pleasant drive across the island to the beaches. Once we got used to the neighborhood (which isn't BAD, it's just real Vieques) we decided that it added a sense of adventure to our experience. The rooms are small, spare and simple, and the staff would do well to address the cleanliness issue we had read about on-line prior to our arrival. (Clearly they read TripAdvisor, so CLEAN, Bravo, please!) Bravo is not inexpensive, and our sandy, dirty floor was disappointing. Overall, we really enjoyed our time at Bravo, and would probably choose to stay there again for the unique island atmosphere, friendly staff and great food. The other hotels we visited on the Island (Wyndham, Inn on Blue, etc) were nicer, but had no flavor of Vieques whatsoever, so if you're up for a unique, flavorful island experience, give Bravo a try. And don't miss Chef Michael's pecan danish. It may be the best thing I've ever eaten.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem in the Latin Caribbean Just came back from a fantastic trip to the Island of Vieques where we stayed at the beautiful Hotel Bravo. The first thing that struck us on entering the property was the Architecture which is very reminiscent of Old Latin America,very much like walking down the streets of Old San Juan. The lush vegetation, the sounds of the waves crashing onto the nearby reef and the music playing, immediately reminds you that you have entered into a Latin Caribbean Paradise. Sexy, Romantic, and Passionate with the smell of the fresh sea air all around you. We were immediately met by the very professional and friendly staff who quickly checked us in and took us on a tour of the property then to our wonderful Ocean Front Room.....Que Lindo!!!! We arrived at just the right time, the sun was setting, the Tiki Lamps were lit around the property and cocktails were being offered poolside, need i say more? The rest of our four day stay was just as enchanting as the first. The staff were always available with suggestions on things to do and places to go, and after a day out at the beaches or a night on the Town it was always a pleasure to get back to our Oasis. On our next trip to the Island we would definately make it Bravo again....Bravo!!!!   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that great The location of the hotel is terrible. There are chickens running across the street and there is a ditch next door. There is road construction going on and it has been going on for over a year-still no end in sight. Be wary of the descriptions they give on the website. There is no beach to speak of(mainly rocks). The rooms are tiny. The one saving grace is Chef Michael's--The only reason I would go to the hotel is for lunch. Much nicer hotel locations in Espernza (spelling), the other town on the island. We changed hotels to Wyhdam after first night.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dananyc
<Content>Here's the skinny... Just returned from a 4-nt stay at Bravo on the beautiful and interesting Isle of Vieques. In brief, here are the pros and cons: Good stuff: Were warmly greeted by proprietor's Mark and Christian who were very helpful in recommending restaurants, beaches etc...Marietta too was fantastic. We LOVED Chef Michael's Foodspace downstairs and were thrilled to have such high-quality food so readily available. Everyone who works there (and the wonderful chef himself) were FABULOUS and gracious at all times, even preparing us an emergency cheese plate after hours. (you know how it is) I am sad they are not in the lobby of our buiding in NY! Ok, the rooms were really cool, stark, and the view was unobstructed floor-to-ceiling ocean. Pretty awesome. Plus, Frette linens and Aveda products were a bonus. The downside: We felt it was at least $50 too much per night (we paid abt $200 and the room was pretty tiny) for what you get. Bed was hard, our shower curtain was totally mildewed, and the maid service was minimal. They only made our bed. (ie. Didn't sweep up the floor which inevitably gets sandy, didn't clean bathroom or replace empty products) For $200/nt, this is not OK. This was the priciest hotel we found except for the Wyndham resort, so we were disappointed in that. I hope they resolve these glitches and all-in all, it was a very good stay. Ingeneral, the service on Vieques at restaurants is very, very slow and not always gracious, so be prepared for that. However, we found great food (terrible service) at Media Luna and an overall great dining experience at Bayonda (sp?). Also, don't miss Red Beach, it's unbelievable. Have fun!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Stay at Bravo! I just returned from a six-night stay at Bravo. Everything was perfect, from the preparations (the hotel staff arranged all my flights to and from Vieques and my rental car--a necessity!), to the actual time spent there. I travel often---it's my vice---and I love researching and finding great accommodations that are reasonably priced but full of character. Bravo! is exactly that. The buildings and grounds are beautiful, the pool gorgeous, and the rooms are designed with simplicity and class. It was wonderful to return each afternoon from exploring the island to my oceanfront room with crisp linens, satellite TV, great lighting, and floor to ceiling views (and sounds) of crashing surf. It was also great to have Chef Michael and FoodSpace on site. Breakfasts were yummy--cappuccino, freshly squeezed juice, fruit, cinnamon rolls, omelets with gruyere and asparagus, and the like. Last, but certainly not least, was the amazing service provided by Christian and Mark, the managers/designers; Chef Michael; and others. When I arrived tired and hungry my first evening, they opened up FoodSpace, and, while Michael made me plate of imported cheeses, I picked out a bottle of wine to unwind with on my balcony. Mark and Christian gave me great advice on restaurants, the island, and beaches. They work very hard to ensure that their guests have a fabulous stay. Finally, although I was a woman traveling alone I always felt safe, took the same precautions I'd take anywhere, and had a great time exploring the whole island and its beaches. I can't wait to return with my husband!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was off season, but still expected more.   showReview(2675016, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renewing vows at Bravo!   showReview(2497424, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo is the best place to stay on Vieques   showReview(2456185, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Destination Wedding Weekend!   showReview(2381926, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Special Place on a Secluded Island   showReview(2379645, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a wonderful time!   showReview(2300211, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Villa at Bravo!   showReview(2248767, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Perfect!!   showReview(2205652, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!   showReview(2191805, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply divine!   showReview(2185983, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

