<Author>tyndo
<Content>nice hotel with good location Stayed there for 3 nights and the hotel was very modern and clean! The reception staff were very helpful and all had good english! the location was excellent as mar bella beach, the metro and shopping centre all within 2 minutes walk from hotel!the only problem with the hotel is the restaurant and lack of hotel bar!! breakfast and dinner are a complete rip-off and not even dat good for the price ur paying! surely any 4 star hotel has to have a bar and leisure centre, well not here so 4 star hotel dont think so!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>IrVD
<Content>Not so good as i hoped       crossroad near hotel  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Joala
<Content>Vincci Maritimo style Have used this hotel several times on business trips. Very clean, stylish and modern. A bit lacking in atmosphere. Good location for Diagonal Mar shopping mall but too far out of the centre for me to consider it if on vacation.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Tymm
<Content>Nice hotel but more out of the way than expected I booked this hotel based on reviews written on Tripadvisor. It was only a two night stay before embarking on a cruise. The port was nearby and the cab ride wasn't more than 15 minutes ( I believe) from the hotel. The front desk isn't much, just a small desk with 1 person sitting there, behind glass I believe (sorry I'm trying to recollect the details; the trip was a while ago). The staff was friendly enough. What I'd wish I knew was that the hotel was pretty far from Las Ramblas. I wanted to be closer to the busier part of Barcelona. It was at least a 10-15 min cab ride there, which was ok, but I wanted to be closer. I liked the room's decor and the comfort of the bed. The bathroom was great. I especially liked the shower in there; really nice and the water pressure was great. What I wish I brought was a universal adapter for the plugs. When I visited Europe before, my hotel provided one, but as I've learned, most don't do this. Bring your own or you'll have bad hair days every day, I assure you! What I didn't like about the hotel was that there was an abandoned building right across the street. That was minor though; it wasn't like it was unsafe, the building just looked out of place and kinda creepy there, but really no big deal.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dellydonut
<Content>Not the best nights sleep Chose the Vincci due to its proximity to the Summercase Festival at the Forum, its not exactly convenient for the city despite great metro system. Rooms large, clean and modern. Unfortunately the beds felt like old spring matresses and were really noisy and uncomfortable. Walls also seemed really thin, was repeatedly awoken by others letting their doors slam or talking loudly along the corridors. Convenient for our needs but cant recommend it for a stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Ajco1970
<Content>OK but not great The Good BitsThis is not a bad hotel at all and so I don't want to appear negative but it just doesn't cut it as a 4 star either in my opinion. Although the location is definitely not city centre, there is a metro station and a tram stop less than 200 metres away. Travelling time to the city centre is about 10-15 minutes and so this is not a problem. The beach is about 500 metres away which is also a big plus. The rooms are clean, the fit out is modern and the receptionists are quite friendly and so first impressions were quite good on the whole. The RestBut the little things matter and this is where the hotel falls down. Arriving for a conference the following morning, the hotel does not provide an iron. There is a laundry service apparently but only at certain times of the day and the receptionist was not clear at all on the details and was very sceptical that anything could be laundered within 24 hours if at all. Everything shuts after 11pm, including room service. Even the front door is locked around midnight and you might have to knock to gain entry if the receptionist isn't paying attention. There was no kettle in the room, so even a simple cup of tea is impossible after 11pm and given that this is primarily a residential area there are no real options available in the vicinity either. There is no gym or pool and the terrace is definitely a pleasure reserved solely for the underprivileged. ConclusionI have an impression that this is primarily a tourist hotel aimed at the low to mid-budget market - long weekending accountants from the UK and that sort of thing and the attire and palour of the guests reflected it. In fact, in some ways the hotel is like a Premier Inn or Travelodge which isn't a bad thing at all but it is hardly worthy of 4 stars. I wouldn't stay here again although I didn't totally dislike the experience - I just think there are better alternatives available.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	1	

<Author>jill1London
<Content>Not bad for a 4 star hotel!!! I was on my honeymoon and i simply love this hotel.. It is so near to the beach and the metro train to the town.I would definitely recommend to my friends!!!A+++  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanakken
<Content>A Great Stay! Three of us stayed here for a week of vacation and had a great stay. It's a very convenient location with subway access to the rest of the city close by. A nice new building, clean and accessible. The only issue we had was with a concierge service that was at times friendly and helpful, and at other times rushed, short, and busy. But, I definitely recommend this for vacationers willing to be just outside the city center. We had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Notsanyk
<Content>Better than last year I stayed at this hotel last year and found it most agreeable. The standard of accommodation is excellent.The location is ideal for those who don't want to be in the busy city yet it only takes 30 mins to get there from the hotel by metro which is so easy to do. The nearest stop is selva de mar which is just around the corner, the reception staff will be happy to direct you. You can buy a ticket for 10 journeys which costs at present time 7.20 euros. If the ticket office is closed use the self service machine. You can chose your language and then you pick a T10 ticket its so easy. We only used 1 ticket each in 5 days. If you use the bus touristic buying your ticket in plaza catalonia then you can change to the green bus at the end of your day and hop of outside Diagonal Mar shopping centre which is just around the corner. This gives you another travel option.Diagonal Mar shopping centre is good for a morning coffee and pastry and you can also get a meal there in the evening if you don't want to go back to the city. We were tired out at the end of our busy days so we chose this option. The hotel restaurant we didn't test as it appeared expensive. Breakfast was 18 euros and unless you are starving and can make use of it we thought it a tad expensive. Diagonal Mar also has a great supermarket where we bought pre packed sandwiches to take out a couple of days.Finally, before we went last year we read reviews which suggested that the area was a bit dodgy and yes across the road the view was not the best as there was a derelict building, although we always felt safe and from the other side of the hotel the view was of the park and if you have a high enough room , the sea. This year the derelict building has gone and it is a car park with a view straight onto the tree lined Avenida Diagonal. It would appear that the whole area is constantly being improved to provide the city with an area to suit the Diagonal Forum and conference centre which holds a staggering 15000 delegates. If I visiting the city again I would definately chose this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Nessie1978
<Content>Great new hotel Hotel Maritimo Vincci was still very new, as was the neighbourhood where building contractors were developing more hotels. We got a good deal on the bookings.com website.The room was extremely speacious, great interior decorating, fabulous rainshower AND a big bath tub. We one had dinner at the hotel on the really beautiful terrace. It was a bit expensive, but the food was excellent and so was the service.A few negative points: it took us 3 times going up and down to the reception (which was a bit frustrating since we just had spend hours in the heat in our car travelling from Marseille to Barcelona) before we finally received a key that worked. The airco was too strong for me. Great when searchin for some coo air after walking in the blistering sun, but at night it really got chilling. This is entirely personal, I do not support airco easily (I always get a nasty cold afterwards), nor the sound when it turns on every five minutes while sleeping.At the time (August 2005) the area did not have many restaurants or bakeries, but we did have the Barceloneta beach very near.I remember mainly that we did a real bargain in getting such a luxurious room.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>drc225
<Content>Nice hotel shame about the ironing! I had a conference at the convention center and got a great rate (GBP70 per night) on this hotel through a travel site. First impressions were excellent. I arrived late (~10:00pm) on a Sunday evening and immediately thought that the hotel looked good. Room was very modern, superbly clean, etc. The problem came when I looked for an iron. There was none - no coffee making facilities either but there was a well stocked mini-bar. So I went down to reception and asked for an iron. They didn鈥檛 have one. Get this - the only way to iron a shirt in this 4* hotel is to put it in the laundry 鈥?for this they charge you 5 euro (or 7.50 euro for the express service if you need it turned around quickly). The receptionist couldn鈥檛 understand why I thought that not being able to iron a shirt in a 4* hotel was 鈥榩oor鈥?when our conversation was cut short because a lady in her 50s ran in having just had her handbag snatched outside! I ran out with her (the concierge wandered out as well) only to see a guy getting into a car about 100 yds down the road. So she lost her passport, money, mobile phone, etc. Not a great introduction to the hotel.So, onto the facts. I鈥檇 happily recommend the hotel to those needing somewhere close to the convention center. It鈥檚 a modern hotel and everything works. My room was a good size and comfortable. The bath is full size which is a real luxury in hotels these days. The area is not 鈥榖ad鈥? I guess bag snatching happens in all cities everywhere 鈥?especially late on Sunday evenings in deserted streets. I guess they target the tourist/conference areas. One person I was discussing the incident with last had her bag snatched in London.That said, the hotel is not as noise free as I鈥檇 like. I could hear the wake-up call next door every morning (about an hour before I wanted to wake up) and a baby screaming at 5:00am seemed like it was in the same room. The internet works (7 euro for 1 hr and 17 euro for 24 hrs) but seems slooow 鈥?I suppose it is broadband, Jim 鈥?but not as we know it. The hotel does not appear to have a gym or other such facilities.The hotel is convenient for the conference center (10 mins) walk and is a couple of minutes from a large shopping center (Diagonal Mar 鈥?which you can walk through to get to the conference center as it鈥檚 across the road) which has countless bars/food outlets, etc. I didn鈥檛 use any of the hotel鈥檚 facilities. Breakfast was listed at 15 euros in the hotel and there was a Starbucks 2 mins down the road in the shopping center!I put my shirts for ironing in at 9:00am the next day and did get the express service one back within the hour. So I suppose I have to conclude that the service was good! Luckily I didn鈥檛 need it until midday. But, be warned, if you have a 9:00am meeting its crinkly shirt time. So, in summary, if it wasn鈥檛 for the ironing I鈥檇 be a happy traveller!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>CHJH2007
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Value, Great Trip We booked to stay at this hotel in early February for my birthday weekend, and were slightly worried about some of the negative reviews regarding location.....please, please, please ignore those comments! The hotel is two minutes walk from the tube station, and you're in La Ramblas in 12 minutes. We got two three day passes on the underground, costing 30euros in total, and it was brilliant.You can get all over the city with that ticket, and it runs until 2am Friday / Saturday, and 12midnight other days. True, if you want to party until 4am, then you'll have to pay 10euros in a cab, but again, that's nothing compared to what you'll have spent!Brilliant staff, great breakfast (plenty to choose from for everyone), and really helpful reception check in / out, cab to airport etc, everything brilliant.next time I'm in Barceona I'll stay. Forget about getting ripped of on those tatty hotels on La Ramblas....stay here and enjoy a really nice hotel at a great price (300 euros for three nights)  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Angeljkk
<Content>Lovely Hotel, would definitely stay there again!! This hotel was clean and visually very attractive. The facilities were great and kept in good order. The service was great. The buffet breakfast was excellent, had a great range of food and planty of it. Would definitely re-visit and recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nishnish
<Content>Loved Vincci Loved this hotel, great location by the metro. Amazing hotel, very clean, modern look. Very cool wake up call system which rings into the TV and not your phone.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tokyodude
<Content>Nice hotel, not so nice of a location Stayed at this place during a convention that was held at the nearby convention center. First off the good: the hotel is fairly new so it's relatively clean, close to a big shopping mall with resturants and a huge supermarket. The staff were all helpful and most speak English without a problem. The bathroom is nice with a shower that spouts like a gallon of water a second. The hotel is also fairly close to the convention center so if you have business there, it's a walking distance (10 minutes or so). Now the bad: Since the convention center is located in an area of Barcelona which is far from the center of the city, you won't get the full Barcelona experience if just stay around this area (it's fairly dead at night). You can of course take the subwar to the center of the city, but it's a hassel none the less. The hotel charges 9 Euros per hour for internet cost (think it was around 19 euros for 24 hours...still crazy prices). Overall, an OK stay, but next time, I would stay near the center of the city where there's more things to do at night.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>LeslieOC
<Content>Minimal and Hip For the price, this was a bargain. The hotel is very minimal and hip. It has amazing grounds/pool area, again very cutting edge and minimal. It has a bright airy cafe in the lobby.It is by itself, but a block from the hilton and many dining facilities. Next time I will stay at hotel 1898 on Las ramblas where all the action is, but it was a nice place to stay on my first day in barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sasherwani
<Content>Comfort and Style together! Me and my wife stayed at the Vincci for two days. It was a beautiful experience. The location is excellent. Close to the beach and the Diagnol Mar Mall. Only drawback is .. no Metro stop closeby and so we had to take a bus to move around Barcelona. Overall a great experience at a great price.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>ariel666
<Content>wonderful hotel but when we were there the metro was under construction. check it before you go.the location is good and quiet and there is a parking space for free near by, so don't use the hotel parking.also it is close to the beach.the room is beutiful and comfortable.service is good and satisfy.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>YAMMAS
<Content>great hotel, wrong place. We have just come back from Barcelona yesterday (17Aug 07)I had already booked this hotel before I looked on trip advisor and was a bit worried by some of the review, I didn't need to be. This hotel is clean, looks new, modern and the staff are really good, they all speak English and even the cleaners will not let you pass without saying Hola. The room we had was big and modern with a lcd t.v., air con and a fantastic bathroom with a superb shower and even a pillow menu (I kid you not). I have tried to find an emal address for this hotel just to thank the staff for being so pleasent to numpty English tourists like me that cannot speak Spanish. The b/fast is buffet style with breads, cheeses, fruit, cerail, bacon, scrambled eggs, sausages( allthough they weren't the same as English sausages) toast and jam, coissannts (sorry, I don't know how to spell that) coffee and fruit juice all buffet style to help yourself. Unfortunatly for us this hotel was in the wrong location, not because of the area (I have read some reviews about the area not being very nice but having been there it's obvious it's in the middle of being regenerated) and we never felt uneasy even at night in this area. There is a really nice park at the side of the hotel that is well worth a walk through, it's full of kids not wrecking things or drinking or being idoits, just playing basket ball and table tennis, yes table tennis. The problem for us was that allthough there is a metro station a short walk away, it was shut all the time, we think for repairs, not the hotels fault I know but the buses are a nightmare!!! (after going on to a metro staion in the centre we were glad we hadn't used it, it was the only time I didn't feel safe in Barcelona) The first time we got one we asked to go to plaza catalu帽a (top of Las Ramblas) it cost 2.50 for two of us, but it didn't go near plaza catalu帽a even though the driver said SI. We had to walk for well over an hour to get back into the centre. We got a taxi back to the hotel later (even the cab drivers seemed unsure where the hotel was) Later we asked the hotel staff where to get a bus into plaza catalu帽a and they were brilliant, even drawing on our map where to get the bus, what number to get and where to get off, and they were right, it all worked really well. Next morning armed with our new info, we got the same bus from the same stop, paid the same fare and asked for the same place and all went well at first. After seeing some of same streets as the night before we had a good feeling, it didn't last. after a while it became obvious it had now gone a different route than the night before, thinking it would get to plaza catalu帽a at some point we stayed on until driver kicked us off, again another 45 min walk to the centre. From then on we took taxi's, they are cheap enough (about 10 euro's from plaza catalu帽a to the hotel) but it's not what we wanted. For a buisness traveller this hotel is ideal for us it was not the right location,and that's a shame because the hotel was very good but we wouldn't stop there again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bjorno
<Content>Class Hotel Awesom City Spent 4 nights in the Vincci Maritimo in August 07 for my Girlfriends 21st, and having read some of the reviews on here before going I must admit I was a little dubious......But it was fantastic, lovely hotel (especially for the price we got from the BMI Baby Deal), very helpful staff who spoke excellent English. Only a 5 minute walk to the nearest beach, and then a lovely walk along the beachfront to Barcelonetta, Villa Olympic and then town. Neighbourhood nice enough, quite a lot of redevelopment going on, but the park next to the hotel is nice and we certainly didn't see any trouble. Metro only 2 min walk (although it was a replacement bus at the time) and after the metro stops at night the N6 nightbus stops right outside the hotel door and runs throughout the night, fantastic (just make sure you get on the bus in the right direction, we inadvertently went on a tour of the city!) Nice big modern rooms, good breakfast and whilst we preffered to go into town at night to eat the evening meal we had on our first night was very good.Great hotel for those wanting to explore and experience Barcelona, as long as you're not affraid to jump on metro's busses or use your feet., and some other reviewers need to realise that if you want everythng you have to pay for it!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Holidaymaker020
<Content>Loved the shower I took my two teenage grand children for a short break to Barcelona and stayed at the Vincii Maritimo. The rooms were spacious and we enjoyed showering under the large shower head. The hotel was clean and staff were friendly and hepful. We ate breakfast at the hotel which was well presented with a good variety of savoury and sweet things. There was a 'summer special' breakfast price. We did have one evening meal at the hotel which was very pricey but excellent quality. The hotel is conveniently placed for public transport which was frequent, buses, trams and the metro. For shopping, Diagonal Mar is adequate. The block of flats opposite the hotel is a bit of an eyesore at first, but the surrounding area at the back of the hotel is pleasant. The beach is easily accessed from the hotel. We had an enjoyable walk along the beachfront.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>micnk
<Content>An excellent 4* hotel I stayed in Vincci Maritimo for 3 nights, visiting Barcelona for a Congress. I booked the room from the internet.All describtions I had read about the hotel were totally verified. Nice and confortable rooms, excellent decoration, very friendly staff in reception, good communication in English. Internet facilities are provided with extra cost, while the room service operates around the clock.The location of the hotel is not perfect for someone wants to visit the city center frequently, but it was good for me as the Congress was taking place in a walking distance. The metro station is 5 minutes away.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Grekgirlie
<Content>Great hotel !!!       Room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Danielle238
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in room 433, I was very worried after reading the previous reviews  did consider canceling my reservation, however I'm very glad we didn鈥檛. The hotel was lovely  clean, the staff were also very helpful, Housecleaning is everyday with your option to have clean towels etc on a daily basis. The Location:- We could in fact see the sea from our room which is a 5-10 minute walk away, a Shopping mall is also a 5 -10 minute walk away, The hotel is slightly further out from the centre but the Metro  Tram stops are a 5 minute walk. As a couple we found being a bit further out suited us better, if we wanted to go out drinking etc we could as it was just a few stops away but most evenings we were quite happy to stay locally. If you鈥檙e in a group then maybe staying somewhere more central would be easier. We of course did lots of sight seeing which meant at the end of the day we wanted to relax, the area is perfect for this. We didn鈥檛 use room service or eat in the restaurant but we did use the bar, the drinks were reasonably priced  the staff helpful, this hotel has lots to offer  we would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aria00
<Content>Very dissappointing I stayed at the the hotel for 4 nights while attending a conference at the nearby CCIB. Like a recent review, I found the location of the hotel really surprising. It literally is like being in the ghetto. If you want the closest beach (which was closed due to construction work - well it was November!!!) that was a good 20 minute walk away. When it comes to the area late at night it was pretty seedy however didn't encounter any problems myself.Rooms:I was on the first floor and from seeing the pictures on this site was expecting to see a swish and cool decor. To be honest it was tired and unkept. I booked my hotel via the conference travel service and was sure it said free wifi however they where charging 9 euros an hour and the reception was poor. I ended up walking down to the local shopping centre and getting a network cable and using that instead as wired internet was free.The safe wasn't big enough for my laptop which I thought was odd for a business hotel as other ones I've stayed at like one recently in Brussels had safes designed for them. I ended up having to do something with a kensington lock, a suitcase and a wardrobe:)On arrival I thought I would get room service and ordered a ham and cheese baguette. The baguette was so tough it felt like it was going to cut my gums!!! Apart from that there was barely any filling so was not impressed.... I gave room service a miss after that.The hotel:I'm sure the owners of the hotel thought they had something really cool with their starck like style however its done to such a poor quality it just looks more naff than starck. The japanese garden was literally some grass, tables and chairs, some rasied planting areas that contained just bark??? Oh and some wooden posts.... The bar was big but empty. It looks like it should be a swanky cocktail bar but it didnt quite carry it off. I've been to better empty cocktail bars that have more character than this one. Breakfast was the usual European affair of something from everyone. Hopeing to get a nice English breakfast unfortunately the bacon was like chewing on slithers of leather, the eggs where soggy and well everything else was just poor.In my stay I unfortunately joined the enormous number of visitors to Barcelona who was pick pocketed (as did two other conference delegates I was out with that night). This was despite the fact my wallet was in the front pocket of my jeans.... As frustrating as it was for me those Catalans seem to have thieving down to an art!!!! When I got back to the hotel, the reception staff gave me a new key and opened my safe for me (the safe is controlled using your own credit/debit card) I couldn't get through to one of the numbers to cancel one of my cards due to a block on that number prefix not being allowed so they had to patch my call through. Not so much of a problem apart from the fact it took me a good five minutes to explain this to the staff as their English is about as good as my Catalan.Next day I spoke to the hotel about what do do about paying for my bill since the card I'd used to pay the deposit had now been blocked. For some reason they thought this would still be okay however looking back something was lost in translation there. Come check out day, you've guessed it Can I have your card please?, Sorry its been stolen. I spoke to your colleague? , You must have a card here to check out, But I don't have one.... This went round and round for a few minutes and ended up waking my partner at five in the morning to ask her to give them their card details. For some reason thats no good though as they needed confirmation the card details could be used in writing by the card holder???? ARRRRGGGGHHHH. Eventually the lady at the desk agreed to accept an email of confirmation so half an hour later it was sorted out.....Summary:My biggest gripe about the hotel has to be how unhelpful the staff where when it came to having my wallet stolen and checking out. Lost in transalation is an under statement, the staff had no idea what I was saying and despite speakiing perfectly clear English, and this being a business hotel most of the time it seemed to take ages to get across what I was trying to say.Summing up in one line though, this hotel is unlikely to be the swish, cool place you expect it to be. If you are going to Barcelona on holiday I would suggest staying somewhere more central, there is nothing to see that far out . If you are going for business, you could do better than this. if you are going for a conference at the CCIB you will be much better off with the Barcelona Princess which is opposite the conference centre, or staying in the centre.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>GollMall
<Content>Good 4 Star We stayed here at the end of November 2006 for a short 3 night break.Good Points:- although the hotel is based in a residential district close to the beach the metro stop is 3 minutes walk away and it doesn't take long to get to La Rambla - aout 15 mins. Be aware the metro closes at midnight and after that you must get a taxi.- Rooms are big and very nice in design, very contemporary and good value at the price- Walls are too thin, you can hear everything from next door and the accross the corridor.We didn't have breakfast at the Hotel but at Mago which is opposite the shopping centre a few minutes away which was excellent value.A good hotel if you don't mind staying away from the centre.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Shaf_One
<Content>Property Stolen From Suitcase This was my 3rd visit to Barcelona and the first time I stayed in this hotel, upon checking out at 12 I asked the reception to keep my baggage as my flight was not till later. I had brought a brand new shirt which was packed in my suitcase, when I arrived back in the UK I discovered my new shirt missing, no other items had been taken.Since then I have emailed the hotel on a number of occaisons and have received no response. I know that my shirt was in my suitcase and the only time it could have been taken is whilst the suitcase was in the custody of the hotel. What is even more disturbing is their lack of response or even ackowledgement.Apart from that the hotel and room were nice however the walls are so thin, if somebody is having a shower next door you think it is in you room. I don't really recommend the area either as on several occaisons comments were made by groups of men passing in cars.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	1	4	3	1	3	

<Author>T.BM
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Stayed in this hotel for four nights at the end of October and must say it is one of the best hotels I have come across. It is very modern and clean cut with little charm of character if thats what you like. What I couldn't get over about this hotel is how clean it is - absolutley spotless!! The rooms are very well equipped and quiet so we got a good nights sleep everynight (as the hotel is in a peaceful residential area). You will need to use the metro to get around as it is quite a bit from the city but there is a metro station around the corner called 'Selva de Mar' (it's on the yellow line and will bring you directly to Passeig de Gracia metro stop, which is a stroll from Placa Catalunya - heart of the city!) Didn't have much interaction with the staff but they seemed a little bit distant. I would not recommend eating breakfast in this hotel - it's a rip-off! Instead exit the hotel and go right, after 200 m there is a huge shopping centre 'Diagonal Mar' which has loads of little cafes and restaurants (and very good clothes shops!). I would say that this hotel is perfect if your looking for somewhere really peaceful and relaxing as we found the bar and restaurant a bit too quiet for our liking. All in all, had a great stay in this hotel, loved Barcelona but please be warned watch your wallet, bag, camera etc etc - pickpockets are everywhere ...you have been warned!!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>ninamck
<Content>Nowhere near the beach or sea and in a run down location Eight of us went to Barcelona for a few days to chill and relax, eat out in some nice restaurants and explore the sights. Totally disappointed when we discovered where the hotel was situated as it was in what was almost a building site with a vacant disused car park in front of it. The hotel itself is stylish and very modern and clean but the area is run down and miles from where we wanted to be. To get to the small man-made beach you have to walk about fifteen to twenty minutes crossing huge roadways and motorways. Taxis buses and the metro the only way to get into the city itself. At night difficult to get taxi and returning to hotel taxis couldn't even find it as area is all one way. We were deposited literally in the middle of this building area. Not suitable for girls and women travelling to barcelona. It is near a big shopping centre and a convention centre. Better to stay in centre of barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>maccorq
<Content>couldn't have been better a group of 5 of us stayed at the Vincci Maritimo in may 2005, and I have to say I really loved it. It was really clean, and very modern, and a real bargain at 拢60 a night.I couldn't fault it to be honest, the staff spoke excellent english and were extremely helpful, and it was situated almost right beside a metro stop.the only disadvantage is that breakfast wasn't included in our rate, and was quite pricey, but with a large shopping centre full of cafes just around the corner, we didn't go hungry!we have recommended the hotel to 3 couples since, who all equally loved it.it really does look like the internet photos!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KawDenmark
<Content>Very dissapointing!! Please read before you book. We ordered a double room, and got a room with 2 beds pushed together. No other option available. In the description of the hotel it says free ADSL, but that only works if you have a Windows operated laptop. Otherwise it's 9鈧?an hour. The floor in the room was not cleaned during our 11 night stay. Only the bathroom floor was cleaned. It said cable tv in the description of the hotel, but there were only 2 channels to watch in english - cnn and eurosport. The rest was spanish versions of cable channels.NOTE: The aircondition in the room only works when you are in the room. That means when you go home during siesta, when the city is the most hot, you get home to a room that is extremely hot, and takes hours to cool down. LS, Denmark  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	4	2	1	

<Author>COOMBSY
<Content>A bit out of the way, but cheap A bit out of the centre, but very near the tube station, nothing nearby except a few local shops and the Diagonal Mar shopping centre, the nearby beach was very uninviting. Aspires to designer hotel, but isn't. As other reviews have said, you can hear every door closing and people walking down the corridors etc. Why they can't have soundproofed the place is beyond me. But at 拢50 a night it's cheap enough.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hermissa
<Content>Great hotel -but you need to DIY your own tourist information ! Hotel rooms are lovely - well equipped - but only 1 English speaking channell CNN.Hotel staff were not very helpful and their English was very - very poor.They had no information available ref tourism and when I asked for directions to the nearest Metro station which was 100 meters away then sent me in the wrong direction completely - getting us lost !The signage for the Metro is non-existent !! You take a left out of the hotel walk about 100 meters and turn right up the side of a building being renovated - looks like a building site - the metro is at the back of this area - brilliant service into the centre of the city - very cheap and quick - but only if you find the station !The area looks dodgy - but isnt - we had no problems wandering around - no groups of youths - mainly elderely residents and families.hotel for the quality is very good value - but get your bearings otherwise you will spend a lot of time wandering in circles -Only other complaints are the cost of taxis to/from the airport 30-35 euros - which in my opinion is too expensive - the guidebooks sasy 20/25 euros (must only apply if you know the taxi driver !!!)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	2	2	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern, clean and cheap! A little gem! Vincci Maritimo was a very modern clean hotel that was cheap compared to Barcelona's usual expensive hotels. Me and my partner stayed here for a long weekend and loved every minute of it. It's easy to find (although we got off at the wrong tube stop and had to walk for miles!) and it's near bus and tube transport links.The hotel itself is modern and minimalistic. The bathroom is beautiful and it was a pleasent suprise to see how beautifully finished it all was.I would highly recommend this hotel for a long weekend. The breakfast was lovely but a tad expensive so I would recommend going to a local cafe and having breakfast there.But overall it was a fantastic holiday and I would go back again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zorroazul
<Content>Great Hotel, not where they advertise The hotel is gorgeous, spacious roooms, and unbelievable bathrooms.Staff was friendly and attentive, food was as expected in Spain nothing short of GREAT.Minor drawback is no pool, and the real issue here is that it is NOT located near paseo maritimo. It is in a run down neighborhood with absolutely nothing around, major bait and switch.I booked based on the name, and it is a 10 Euro cab ride away, which is not much of a problem except on a weekend when it is IMPOSSIBLE to get a cab in Barcelona, I am talking about 1 hour wait.So if you are looking for a nice hotel NEAR Paseo Maritimo, this is it. But do not get fooled by the name like I was.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lolo737
<Content>Great location, stylish, just a few minor flaws! I visited the Vincci Maritimo for 10 days in June and overall my review is positive, i'd just like to mention a few probs.Generally any visit to reception will take a while.There will be a lot of standing with the phone to an ear in silence....Eyes will not be raised from the paperwork being examined until an uncomfortable amount of time has passed. If the phone rings at any point expect that enquiry to be dealt with first!Despite the fact I had booked a double room and then followed up my booking with an email direct to the hotel to make sure I received a double room.....guess what! Twin beds!!I went straight back to reception and a nice guy (Claudio, I think) was apologetic but as the hotel was fully booked I was told i'd be moved the next day. I could live with this although it was disappointingly predictable.Unfortunately when I went back the next day the man I spoke to was sooo rude!! He indicated sneeringly (with a shrug) that I had booked a double and that just means two people to them - they just allocate a room with two beds, whatever is available!! I had to explain in a busy reception that that was not acceptable and that I had the choice of a twin or a double room in a number of hotels but I picked a double in theirs. We got changed.Next prob - Sound proofing!! Between rooms its fine but the doors to the corridor appear to be paper thin! A couple of times at night I actually got a fright because the voices in the corridor seemed so close!! I too was woken by the same noisy party people coming home as the previous poster! And whats with all the door slamming at all times of day and night!!Despite these things I would definitely stay again. It's a great-looking hotel and the rooms are clean and comfortable (our maid was excellent) Bathroom is nice and the shower is fan-tastic, me and my boyfriend are feeling a bit hard done by in our shower at home now!!The location is great - round the corner from the metro (altho the streets being dug up at the mo) and its about a 10 minute walk to the beach (our main reason for picking it).Its only 4 stops to the Olympic village area with loads of restaurants but I would recommend staying on the 8 stops to Passeig de Gracia - which is a really nice wide street good for a wander day and night. This is the street with the Gaudi buildings Casa Mila and Casa Batllo and these are a must see but its also a much nicer area than Las Ramblas at night.Las Ramblas....lets be honest.... is a dump. It has cafes and it has newsagent stands in abundance....and thats it. Some street performers/living statues are pretty cool and there are some interesting side streets off it but Las Ramblas itself is nothing to see. That said - The fruit market off it has some amazing prices for amazing delicious fruit - maybe I'm being a bit harsh. The area around the hotel seemed safe and is mostly residential. There are some amazing modern apartment buildings around.Its a block away from a nice modern shopping centre with many options for breakfast, lunch and dinner(if need be) as well as some great shops. Also a fab supermarket for snacks/drinks for the beach....The supermarket is the only place we got a smile or a please or thankyou with the service!Anyway...back to the hotel....In summary, I completely agree with the previous poster - it's a stylish, clean and comfortable hotel in a convenient location. The rating I have given it is based on the location and the overall feel of the room.Ps. Taxi drivers generally didnt know the hotel. Taking a piece of paper with the address on it out with you might be a good idea. A spanish pal gave me a useful phrase which you pronounce - 'Ah laddo day' meaning 'beside/next to' so when I got a taxi driver who didnt know I said 'Ah laddo day Diagonal Mar' which is the name of the shopping centre it's next to. This got us home!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>douliou
<Content>Style over content We stayed at the Vinnci Maritimo for 9 nights. It's a great-looking hotel - very modern and minimalist design throughout. The rooms are very clean and comfortable (air con is great - we found it a life-saver!), bathroom is very big compared to the size of the room itself. All the staff spoke excellent English.The location is great - as most people have said in other reviews, it's a minute's walk from the nearest metro station. There's also a tram stop very nearby which also takes you to Port Olympico - you get a nice cruise down the Avenue Diagonal and a great view of Torre Agbar. You can use your T-10 or T-dia ticket on the trams. This tram also takes you directly to the entrance of the zoo (which is well worth a visit).The area is very safe as it's mostly residential. If you don't want to pay 15 Euros for breakfast - you can get coffee and pastries for 2 for about 5 Euros at the fnac cafe in the shopping mall down the road. Also, if you're on a budget - you can get dinner/lunches very cheaply in one of the food court restuarants - not very cultural but it is cheaper!!You're also really close to the Poblenou area, a new up-and-coming-area, where there are lots of great cafes and restuarants. It feels like real Barcelona i.e. it's where Barcelonese go to hang out.In summary, you can't fault the location for ease of getting to the city centre, safety and the convenience of local amenities.So that's all the good stuff - so here's the negative....One review mentioned the noise - and we found that to be a real problem. The first 3 nights, we were woken up at 2-3 am by some party animals arriving back. We could also hear people entering their rooms not just next door but a couple of rooms down!! So I would say that if you're in Barcelona for the nightlife, have some consideration when you return and if you're an early bird, bring some ear plugs!!Another review mentioned that their double room consisted of two single beds pushed together. We had the same double room arrangement which was not ideal - they didn't even make up the bed as a double!We also had a problem with room service - first of all, we couldn't find the phone number, any phone numbers in fact! So I had to go down to reception to ask for the number. When I called Room Service, I was asked to call back in 10 minutes because the kitchen was closed - couldn't they have taken my order then, for the sake of 10 minutes? Anyway, finally ordered and was told that it would arrive in 20 minutes. A whole 45 minutes later, it arrived!! When it was delivered - it seemed that we should have been more patient because the waitress had another five meals to deliver!Also, when I went down to the outside bar area around mid-afternoon one day, hoping for a drink of some sort, I couldn't find anybody to ask for one - there was no-one at the bar and I couldn't get the attention of the staff in the adjacent restaurant. I got the feeling that they felt the bar was nothing to do with them and so left me to it. I gave up after a while.I called this review Style over content - and it's because although the hotel looks very smart and stylish, we felt that the service didn't meet up to image. Now you may think that we're being harsh for the sake of room service and not being able to order a drink, but in a 4-star hotel - you do expect a certain level of service and we felt that we didn't get it in this hotel. I think that if they put less effort into how it looks and more into the service, it would greatly improve the whole experience.Also, our criticisms are based on a stay that is probably a lot longer than most guests so we had more time to test the service. I also think the hotel is geared towards short visits and business visitors rather than longer stays like ours - which may be why we haven't been as enamoured with it as other guests.In summary - it's a stylish, clean and comfortable hotel in a very convenient location. The service - or more specifically, the availability of service just lets it down.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>coriander
<Content>Vincci Maritimo a very pleasant place to stay       View of lobby from above  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travellerCA
<Content>Just what we wanted... We're so glad we stayed here for our week's stay in Catalunya. Our room was 109鈧?plus tax (bear in mind, non-EU residents, that you can get your tax back if you spend more than a certain amount) per night for a non-smoking room with a king-sized bed.LOCATION: Yes, it's outside the main areas, in the new Diagonal Mar development. Yes, the apartment building across from the hotel looks like it's about to fall down noisily at the slightest tremor of the earth. That said, we never had the slightest concern about our security the entire week at the hotel. (La Rambla, though, is a different matter... keep your wits about you, carry your purse with the strap across yourself, your wallet in your front pocket, and don't fall for the old I dropped my lighter or you have sauce on your jacket tricks.)If something happens, just call the police (dial 112 from any phone, including a mobile). They have operators who speak English. You will have to go to the police station to fill out a denuncia, a copy of which will be sufficient for your insurance carrier. The only time I felt unsafe the whole time in the city was when someone grabbed my shoulder in La Rambla, and a quick glare and a growl of 驴vols morir? was enough to dissuade him.The area is under constant development -- Barcelona is the city with the highest population density in all Europe, and so any new plot of land is instantly developed. In Diagonal Mar, this runs to 30- to 35-storey apartment blocks that look like Brooklyn jumped up several notches. You may have to walk around roadworks or construction zones, so be aware of that. You'll get very used to the signs that say Preguem disculpin les mol猫sties (Please pardon the inconvenience). There isn't anything directly adjacent to the hotel, though, so it's pretty quiet.The metro runs from 05:00 to 24:00 Sunday-Thursday, 05:00-02:00 Friday and Saturday. It's three minutes' amble from the Selva de Mar metro stop on L4 (yellow), and then 5 minutes' ride to the beach (Barceloneta or Ciutadella/Vila Ol铆mpica), 7 minutes' ride to the Barri G貌tic and La Ribera where the best restaurants and Basque tapas bars are (Jaume I or Urquinaona), 10 minutes' ride to Passeig de Gr脿cia which is at the top of La Rambla and where all the fancy shops (El Corte Ingl茅s, for example) are. Also you can get to Sagrada Fam铆lia in about 20 minutes with one change at La Pau. Buy yourself a tourist transit card (鈧? per day, up to 5 days at a time), it'll be the best value of the trip -- you can buy it at Tourist Information in the airport and then use it to get to the hotel (take the Rodalies train from the airport to Passeig de Gr脿cia, then change to the metro L4 toward La Pau and get off at Selva de Mar. It covers the metro, the tram, the bus, the FGC trains, the funiculars to Montju茂c and Tibidabo, and the innermost ring of Renfe Rodalies trains (incl. the airport).The metro runs every few minutes -- generally every 4 minutes, but late at night up to every 8 minutes. There are signboards that count down when the next train is due, down to the second. It's one of the most efficient and easy to use metro systems I've ever seen, and everyone uses it, rich and poor, young and old, because parking in Barcelona is such a disaster. (If you drive to Barcelona, park your car at the hotel -- 15鈧?a day -- and take the metro, because otherwise you will spend your stay looking for parking.)ROOMS: By European standards, these rooms are palatial. We had a room with a king-sized bed, a closet, a long desk, a small table, two chairs and a private bathroom. The bed was very firm, so if you're used to soft down mattresses this simply isn't the place for you, but after a long day out climbing stairs (there are so many bloody stairs in Barcelona you can't believe it, from badly-designed subway stops to La Sagrada Fam铆lia) it felt wonderful to lay on my back and have support. Rooms come by default with poly-fill pillows, though theoretically you can choose your own pillow. Since I'm allergic to feathers, I didn't test this feature.The rooms were cleaned every day, though the floor was not kept as clean we might have liked. The towels were changed every day, in spite of the usual help us conserve water and soap by hanging your towels if you don't want them changed. The coverlet on the bed was dirty one day (though was changed when requested). We'd get various gifts in the bathrooms each day -- one day a shaving kit, one day a toothbrush with toothpaste, one day a makeup removal kit.Use the bidet. The toilet paper is so stiff that if you wipe with it, you'll get splinters up your keister. Or go to Alcampo and buy toilet paper (they have Charmin), if you can't deal with the idea of washing your bum.One thing that was noticeably absent was the usual booklet of hotel services (for example, where the pool is, what the TV channels are, what time checkout is, where the nearest churches are, etc.)... it's not an issue, really, just call 9 and talk to the front desk.One note for American and Canadian tourists: this hotel, like many hotels in Europe, has a bizarre system in which you can't just turn on the light. When you come in, there's a little place, usually glowing orange, for you to insert your room key (or anything else firm that size, such as an old grocery store frequent shopper club card), which then gives you control over the lights, including the bathroom. There's nothing to actually tell you to do this, though, so you need to know.SERVICE: I read all the reviews that said the service is cold and unfriendly. I didn't find that at all -- they weren't doing the gushing fake concern for my well-being that one encounters in places like Los Angeles. Their reserved attitude is pretty typical of people in Catalunya, and it certainly isn't any worse than stiff-upper-lip type hotelkeepers in Britain. One note, though, and it won't matter unless you're visiting from Perpignan, Lleida, Andorra or Tarragona, is that the hotel staff do not speak Catalan. Vincci are a group based in Madrid and as such the hotel workers speak Castilian (er, Spanish) and, to a lesser extent, English. It's just odd, because if you speak Catalan anywhere else in the city, you get much nicer service; just not at the Vincci.At one point, the EU banking system and the US/Canadian banking system decided to stop talking to each other and we couldn't charge on our cards or use an ATM. It was Sunday, and the Festa de Sant Jordi to boot, so nothing was open. I called the front desk in a panic, and the lady at the front desk called all the other hotels in the area to see if they could do a currency exchange for us. She called back and explained who could do it, what we needed to say to get a better rate, and how to get there.Do keep tabs on your bill (via the TV) though, because they tried to charge us 鈧?,50 of minibar use when we didn't touch it. They took it off immediately when confronted, though. Also, don't use the hotel phone at 鈧? a minute. Take your (unlocked triband or quadband GSM) mobile and your passport over to FNAC at the mall and spend 鈧?0 on a prepaid SIM card from Telef贸nica Movistar or Vodafone instead.FOOD: Don't eat at the hotel. Are you kidding? It was 鈧?5 for breakfast. Walk toward the mall, turn right at the first corner, and go to Man Go, where you can get coffee and a pastry or a sandwich (don't ask, it's a Spanish thing, but it's much more satisfying than a pastry) for 鈧?,80. As for lunch and dinner, there are a thousand restaurants and tapas bars, why would you eat in your hotel, especially when restaurants are required by law to have an all-inclusive men煤 del d铆a (starter, main course, dessert, and wine, beer, or water) at lunch? Bear in mind that lunch is from 14:00 to 16:00 and dinner from 21:00 to 24:00. Just adapt and you'll be so much happier. People take a light snack (that means a scoop of ice cream, or maybe a small pastry, and a cup of coffee) around 18:00 -- this is NOT dinner. Restaurants don't even open until 20:00. If you're absolutely starving, you can get cold tapas starting around 19:00.The tap water is absolutely disgusting. It's clean enough, but it's so treated with salts and minerals that you feel thirstier after drinking it than before you started. This isn't a hotel problem, it's a Barcelona problem (that means don't ask for tap water in the restaurants instead, because you'll regret it). Buy bottled water at Alcampo (the hypermarket on the bottom floor of the mall) instead. It's all from the Pyrenees and is some of the best water I've ever had.I'd definitely stay there again. Hotels on La Rambla were going for 180鈧?a night; this was 109鈧?and, given that the subway was so easy to use, well worth it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money I'm just back from Barcelona and stayed in this Hotel. I booked it last August and got a good deal - 拢50 per night for a double room. I agree with all the good reviews - hotel is modern, clean and staff are friendly. Coming out at the metro was a bit of a shock as it seemed to be a building site. Don't worry - just follow the the path round and you will come out on the street where the Hotel is located. The only concern I had about this hotel was its lack of sound proofing. We were on the first floor and could hear light switches being turned on etc people moving about and the traffic outside in the street. If a light sleeper like me bring ear plugs!. Despite the noise I would go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bernard_Blink
<Content>Not bad at all! We had originally planned to stay somewhere else but finances dictated I find somewhere a little less expensive. And what a bargain this turned out to be! I booked it online via an agency and it worked out as about 拢70 a night for two. It's a bit corporate - there were a few conferences going on - but hey, if you're going to Barcelona to hang about the hotel you must be mad!!The Metro was a two minute walk and a 4 day travel card cost 16 euros. It takes about 10 minutes to get to Jaime I which is the station between Barri Gotic and La Ribera (5 minute stroll to La Rambla through some of the best streets you will ever see) and your ticket will get you everywhere you could want to go. It meant we actually got off our backsides and saw a bit more of Barcelona than the tourist hotspots and managed to get our bearings a lot quicker.And what to see!! I won't go on but it's just so wonderful! Just go explore everywhere - you won't be disappointed. Do find time to check out Gimlet in La Ribera - a cocktail bar with no menu because the girl working there knows how to make them all!! And I'm not talking some poseur bar - just an old fashioned cherry wood polished bar, mellow music, chilled out type place...Anyway - back to the hotel. Surprisingly it was actually quite nice to get out of the centre and back to the hotel. It's situated in a residential/office area with a big shopping centre round the corner and a certain amount of building work going on. But it wasn't a problem. The Metro runs until 2 at the weekend (12 in the week) but a taxi only costs 7-8 euros if you're later than that. Some drivers aren't sure where it is so we just asked to get dropped of at the Metro station (makes things much simpler)which is Salva de Mar.So - the hotel wasn't spectacular but it was very reasonable, very clean, very modern and the staff were very helpful and professional. The room was spacious, bed comfy and the shower great! The breakfast was good, too. I would recommend this hotel to any one staying in Barcelona but do bear in mind I'm not a fusspot and if you're after something really special this probably isn't the place for you. But if you want value for money and absolutely nothing to complain about then go. Would I stay here again? Definitely - unless I win the lottery, of course..!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveladdict40
<Content>A calming and relaxing stay Although the hotel seemed to be a little problematic for the taxi drvier to find, we eventually arrived. Despite this minor hiccup, it was a great location, just a short metro journey away from the city centre, but also close to the sea and if you were feeling energetic a very nice walk along the sea front and beaches to where the Olympic Village is located. Our room overlooked the public square and was just as it had been shown on the website very zen style and pretty quiet. We stayed for a total of three nights to celebrate my birthday and introduce my husband to the city as he had never visited before. We had a great stay and would love to return.Whilst we did not dine in the restaurant,we did have breakfast and can recommend it, but if you fill up too much at the start of the day you can miss out on the delights of lunchtime, the menu del dia at many places is good value, we spent our first lunchtime at Les Quinze Nits in Placa Reial, which was great but very busy in the evenings. Also recommend La Fonda even if you have to queue, the food was pretty inexpensive and very tasty. The sights of the city of Barcelona were as fantastic as ever, Casa Batillo and Casa Mila, both worth a visit as well as the Gothic Cathedral and just walking down the Ramblas. All in all this hotel was a great calming and relaxing environment and a great antedote to the hustle and bustle of the city.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>gotta love the maritimo me and my boyfrriend stayed here for five nights for his twenty first birthday, and absolutely loved it.very easy access to the metro, which provides transport all accross the city, leading to many of the popular sights including the segrada familia and parc ruel. The hotel staff were very polite and friendly, and the rooms were beautiful, very modern with a fantastic shower and bathroom. We had no problems at all. The park next door was fantastic, all local residents resided there, and it had a relaxing and friendly atmosphere. We loved our stay in Barcelona. And the vinnci made our stay relaxing and very enjoyable. thanks for a brilliant room!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ann_marie_1983
<Content>Loved this high quality hotel I agree with many of the reports here that this hotel is superb!! I honestly could not pick fault with anything here at all. The only thing i would advise is too not get caught up using taxis as the metro is so handy to get anywhere in Barcelona. The nearest metro station is about 2 mins walk down the street and this line takes you straight to the port, very handy, just ask for a map at the station and you can easily work it out, it might look a bit dauting at first but once you give it a go(along with a good street map to keep you right) there should be no problems at all!The staff were very helpful, the rooms were beautiful and were cleaned everyday(even if ya like to have a lie in)In all i would defo recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidWiltshire
<Content>EXCELLENT HOTEL AND SUPERB VFM (拢52 PER NIGHT OR 拢74 WITH BREAKFAST)! Spent a night here recently and agree with the many favourable comments by others. Diagaonal Mar is full of newly designed buildings and appears to be an up and coming area. Some may consider it a bit sterile but you have Barca centre for the feel and bustle of the old town. Yes you have to get the metro (efficient/clean) into town but that's all part of the experience.Hotel was minimalist,clean and functional with helpful staff. We had room 418 which overlooked a communial area in front of the hotel which consisted of a small football pitch, table tennis tables etc. No noise from children etc. Our room also had good lighting, shower and toiletries. Beds were really comfy, all very nicely designed. Shopping centre a few mins away is worth a wonder (Zara, huge supermarket, perfume shops, eateries (Dunkin Donuts, Ben  Jerrys etc). Better to vist the real thing - Mango restaurant right outside the complex. Menu del dia - 8 euros! (gnocchi in pesto sauce, fish cutlets with a mixed salad, individual tarte tartin and a 1/4 litre of wine) Superb value and service. That's around 拢6, much less than 2 Big Mac meals! Many other places similar, no wonder why the spanish eat out more than other europeans. Why can't we do this in England?I would hire some bikes to wander around the sea front and other communal areas, they are well designed and marked out - running tracks, fitness trails, sports centre near by. You can walk/cycle directly to port Vell from the hotel (40 mins walk) and just catch the metro back. If you have kids they can climb various contraptions on the beach. Worth popping into the Hotel Arts (massive copper fish sculpture outside) just to see how the other half live. Wander around the pool area, all very swish. Make sure you look smart as not to attract too much attention from all the Armani clad staff. I did check the room price and was told they start at 拢350 per night!Vincci Maratimo breakfast was excellent (15 euros), fresh juices, pastries, eggs, bacon, sausages, good rolls, so approx 拢70 for 2 which is superb value for a 4 star hotel. If you want to skip breakfast just copy the locals and pop into any bars for excellent coffee, pastries, tortilla etc, around 3-4 euros each! Hotel bar reasonably priced with comfy seats and sofas, welcomed after being on your feet all day. Free PC internet access as well!Must also recommend La Fonda restaurant c/dels escudellers) at the sea end of Rambla. Again the set menu 9 euros (e.g. chick pea/spinach soup, fried fish and veg, house flan, and wine/coffee) always packed with locals. Been there 5 times never hard a bad experience.We'll pop back again in the summer.Just ENJOY Barcelona but remember to keep you bags/wallets safe!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bubblelush1
<Content>Excellent Hotel An excellent hotel which we would highly recommend. The rooms were great with lovely king size beds (we were asked if we wanted a double and were given just that)The receptionists were very helpful and friendly and the late check out (12 noon) was also good as we were also able to leave our bags till our evening flight.The location is 2 mins walk from the nearest Metro (Salva De Mar) which is only 10 mins and 5 stops from the heart of Barcelona.The shopping mall is less than 5 mins walk away from the hotel and has plenty of shops, a supermarket and an abundance of places to eat.Would definately stay there again  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value of money the hotel is very near the metro station. The hotel is a bit noise maybe due to the sound - proofing is not good. You can hear your neighour go in and out as well as walk by your room. The hotel is new and fitting out is good.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, modern hotel in a nice area Very nice, clean, modern, new hotel. Staff is extremely friendly. The atmosphere is very welcoming. It is in a nice new area, facing the park and beyond the park are the beaches. Subway station is 50m away (L4-Selva de Mar) and a shopping center is about 5 min walking away. With subway it is easy to reach the city center 12-15mins Line4 to Placa Catalunya. Even a nice walk along the beach is only about 30 min to Porto Olimpico where there are a great nubmer of restaurants, bars and discotheks (also a Casino de Barcelona). Rooms are clean, new. The bathroom is big, the shower is a nice treat (it feels like showering in the rain).Here is the exact position of the hotel (for those who like satelite images on Google Earth)longitude 2.21212940811673latitude 41.40755462473369Word of advise for those travelling with lots of heavy bags: do not travel with bus/subway with the bags when coming/going to airport. Subway stations do not have elevators and most of them do not have escalators either. The bus takes only about 60 people, the rest have to wait for the next bus (approx 12min).  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arsenalgirl
<Content>A good choice for the price Stayed at the Vincci with my partner mid January. Booked online and got our room for approx 拢50 a night which we felt was good value. The room was attractive in its modernist design, the only complaint being that our double room was actually 2 single beds pushed together. The bathroom was lovely, the shower head is the size of a dinner plate!The one problem we had is that a nightdress disappeared from the room after the 1st night. Assuming it had gone with the sheets by mistake we informed reception who promised to look for it, but alas it was never returned.Also we enquired about the cost of watching Barcelona FC play and were told tickets could be arranged for us, the cheapest being 85 euros. However upon visiting the Nou Camp ourselves we managed to get seats for just 29 euros so if this is something you are planning on doing, then please organise it yourselves.Location wise the hotel is out of the city centre but the metro is a minutes walk, turn left out of the hotel and then take the 1st right. Journey in takes about 10 mins. If you turn right out of the hotel instead, you come to a large shopping centre  if you're travelling on a budget, it may be worth visiting the HUGE supermarket for provisions rather than relying on the minibar.All in all this hotel can be recommended.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LIZcc
<Content>great hotel I stayed at this hotel from 3rd - 7th January.The rooms were excellant ,very clean with fresh towels every day.Double beds were huge a little bit on the firm side but ok.I don't normally sleep well in hotels because of noise but i slept like a log all nightThe staff were helpful and friendly, The bar and restaraunt were very quiet but it was january.The hotel is on the outskirts of Barcelona centre but the metro is very close and very efficient.There is a brilliant shopping centre a short walk from the hotel (turn right out the hotel door) great shops and plenty of restaraunts.We took the train and metro from the airport but a taxi on the way back cost 33euros and was quicker and less stressful if you don't speak or read spanish.I would recommend this hotel and would defintely go back.Barcelona is a fantastic city to visit some of it is a bit hilly so wear comfortable shoes as the cobble streets are a killer on the feet.HAVE FUN IN BARCELONA!!!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luv it Great hotel. 3 min walk away from the metro and 10 min away from the city center by metro. luv the big shopping center next to it. The Room Look exactly like the pictures and virtual tour which showed in expedia.Will deff come back again!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here twice in the space of a week. Went one weekend and was so happy with the hotel went back the following weekend!Pictures don鈥檛 do the rooms justice, and the showers, oohhh yeah!Staff are very friendly and helpful both times I was there, don鈥檛 know why people say they are rude and unhelpful, maybe those guests were rude themselves?You can get some great deals on this hotel online, so have a shop about.Will be going back very soon!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Having agonised over which hotel to book for my boyfriend's fortieth birthday surprise, I finally chose the Vinnci Maritimo, which bills itself as a contemporary four star hotel. Starting with the positive, it has a good location, is close to the metro and cheap and painless to get into the city centre. The rooms are exactly as shown in the photos - cool and trendy. The reality however, is that the modern, minimalist look does make the rooms a little stark and unwelcoming. My real gripe though, is with the hotel facilities. In every hotel I have ever stayed in, from a 2 to 5 star, I have always had the use of an iron and ironing board. Not at the Vinnci Maritimo! 'It is not a service we offer' said the Duty Manager when I complained. If we wanted our clothes ironed, we would have to pay housekeeping to iron them for us. This would take 24 hours for them to do. Considering we were only staying for two nights, this was far from ideal. The staff were disinterested and unhelpful regarding our complaint and as a result we cancelled our second night's stay and moved five minutes down the road to the four star Barcelona Princess. What a difference! Fabulous rooms that have to be seen to be believed, free mini bar, heated roof top pool, friendly, helpful staff, two minutes to the metro and cheaper than the Maritimo! On balance the Princess is probably the best hotel I have stayed in. I am just disappointed I did not book the Princess originally and save myself the stress and inconvenience brought about by our short stay at the Maritimo!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vegasman55
<Content>Modern Hotel My wife, myself and two friends have just returned from staying 3 nights at the Maritimo. We found the hotel very modern and within easy reach of both the trams and the metro. From Girona airport we caught the bus to Catalona train station. We then caught the train to Barcelona sans where we caught the metro to the hotel. The staff were very friendly and answered all our questions efficiently and politely. The bedrooms were fantastic, very modern and as others have said, the showers were brill.. The best way to see Barcelona is the Barcelona tourist bus ( 17euros) . You could use the same ticket for both North  South tours. The buffet breakfast was very very good with a wide selection of food.The Ramblas is well worth a visit to see all the artists and stalls,and if you want to see Barcelona by night the last tour is 7pm. Getting back to Girona airport, we caught the Metro Red line to Urquanona, changed to the Blue line for just one stop( Arc de Triumph and then caught the Barcelona bus directly to the Airport. This was much quicker. All in all I would rate the Hotel and city as fantastic.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nitus
<Content>Very nice        bed room, see the painted glas (illuminatable)  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lacking Atmsophere The hotel is situated in a newly developed area of Barcelona, Diagonal Mar, only a short walk from the Metro, Selva De Mar. The hotel is new with modern decor with a restaurant, cafe/bar and japanese style garden with outdoor seating. The hotel is very clean and the staff are pleasant. Unfortunately the staff are not the most efficient of people. The restaurant and cafe/bar seem to share too few staff resulting in very slow service. The maid service resulted in the room being kept very clean, but irritating things such as the minbar not being refilled and the soap, shampoo, tissue paper not being replenished means our recommendation for this hotel can only be that of average, which was disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FerijenUK
<Content>Not a bad location, great shower! I've just come back from a five night stay at the Vincci Maritimo, a hotel I got through a deal with expedia. The hotel is well situated if you don't mind a walk into town or a quick and cheap metro stop. Near the beach, close to a shopping centre (including a supermarket where I bought breakfast foods instead of paying the 12-15 Euros charged by the hotel which was too large for my budget), next to a park, and near some stunning architecture, it has lots to recommend it. Some comments on the size of the showers already on trip advisor - just to clarify, this refers to the showerheads, which are the size of small dinner plates and give a tropical-waterfall type shower. They were amazing and come highly recommended! We had problems with our air conditioning which were never fully addressed, although I did not complain so much as it wasn't such a major issue for us. However, the hotel did respond quickly in sending a handy man who tried his best to get it fixed. Our taxi from the airport cost 31 Euros, which was worth it to avoid the hassle of dealing with public transport in a strange city. However, returning to the airport we caught the metro (one change) to Placa Catalunya and then the train out. You could do this for 6 Euros, and it's an easy option for travellers on a budget. Next time I go to Barcelona, I'd go straight on the public transport. If you arrive late at night, I'd recommend heading to the restaurants in the shopping centre as it's so close. They're a bit 'chainy', but cheap, and there's a variety of choice. For a snack, the ice cream (Dino's) on the bottom floor is amazing, and cheap - about 40 different flavours! Avoid the Port Olympic restaurants, where we felt hassled by the waiters into eating a sub-standard meal with a service charge of 3 Euros each... Barceloneta has a nicer atmosphere and a better variety of eating places.In short, unless you're totally impatient about getting into town, don't worry about the location, it's an easy journey to the main sights and being away from the city centre, close to the beaches and the shopping centre, and with good transport links (I'd choose the metro and walking over the expensive tourist bus) has a lot to recommend it. It appears to be an up-and-coming area and I'm sure the hotel will take advantage of it!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Barci
<Content>Wonderful Just arrived back from this hotel. Had a wonderful time, it is slightly out of 'town', but very easy to travel back and forth too. Metro is about 4 minutes walk away, so is a large shopping mall, Diaganol Mar. Use the touristic sightseeing buses, very good value especially if you buy a two day ticket, you can use the green route to get back to your hotel as well. The beach is nearby and really clean and relaxing. Really lovely restaurant in Diaganol Mar called Munchos de Barcelona, dont be put off by the naff logo, food, staff, price were excellent. Go to the little fruit market just off Las Ramblas and have a drink at the back with the locals rather than the expensive bars along Las Ramblas themselves. T10 metro ticket is good value, 10 trips which can include the bus within one trip if the total travel is under an hour. Can be used by two people which is convenient. Cost 6.30 euros, as opposed to 1.15euro per trip to the centre of Barcelona. Hotel is stylish, quiet, and comfortable, lovely bathroom, overlooks a park. Would definately stay again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only OK, not great My husband and I stayed at the Vincci Maritimo for a week in early May. The location is very handy - the train and subway are just a short walk away, the mall is a block and half away (and contains a huge grocery store), and a nice park is right next door. The service was kind of weird - for example, we were told we should have tapas in the bar, but the bar was always completely deserted, with no tapas or drinks whatsoever. And the concierge was very pleasant and willing to help, but never provided any actual useful information. And there was no free coffee in the lobby early in the morning (although it was prominently advertised). We did enjoy the restaurant and breakfast, however, which was a little overpriced but convenient and tasty (dinner menu offers something translated as duck tights - anyone know what that might be?). They played Rod Stewart Sings the Classics over and over and over again the entire week we were there. The neighborhood seemed a little sketchy at first but is actually just fine. Barcelona just has a lot of big apartment complexes and graffiti! We had no problems at all. The area is very quiet too - pleasant, with families walking little dogs in the park and so forth. The room was clean and the bathroom was nice but the bed was very, very hard. The bed seemed OK at first but after a couple of nights I almost couldn't stand it anymore. I actually had a bruise on my hip from sleeping on my side. It was very miserable to come home from a long day of walking and sightseeing and not have a comfortable place to sit or sleep. As a result, I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SETAB
<Content>Mixed Feelings If you like the minimal feel of this hotel you will love it but unfortunatly the minimal also applies to the standard of service.On arrival i decided of to take drink of beer from the mini bar only to find it full of toilet water after being sick and complaining for 48 hours I finally got to see the manager the free meal that resulted in the empty restaurant (ts like a ghost town) resulted in the wrong starter being delivered and a waitress stood next to our table talking loudly for 45 mins to the only other diner who was clearly a regular.Very very poor on customer service Location fine, tube close,beach close but i will not return.Barcelona,guadi breathtaking!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super modern hotel Lovely modern hotel , rooms clean  well presented , huge beds , staff always friendly  helpful , location ok if you want to be nearer the beaches felt like a very safe location .We only ate breakfast at the hotel but found the choice excellent which we always had outside in the Japanese Garden.Quite near is the metro ( line 4 yellow line ) which got us wherever we wanted to go , also buses 7  36 stop close to the hotel.The Park Diagonal Mar is fine for a stroll on your way to or from the Beaches, we preffered the 2nd length of beach because the sand seemed cleaner , we also went to the little beach bar/cafe on the Mar Bella beach where we got a drink or meal at night , a nice way to round off a busy day sight seeing!The Diagonal shopping centre is just along the road from the hotel , and is open quite late.We had no trouble with pick pockets at any time during our holiday , just use your common sense and keep your belongings secure and be aware of whats going on around you.There are a few grotty areas , and building works going on but overall Barcelona is a lovely place with lots to see , and a lovely climate .We had a Barcelona Pass card for most public transport , which is a must to see the city , apart from the open top bus which an great way to see all the sights when you first get there.We would certainly go again  stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kinkybinky
<Content>Lovely Hotel My girlfriend and I went to barcelona for a nice get-away and stayed for three nights in the Vincci Maritimo.Vincci Maritimo is located somewhat outside main the sightseeing area of Barcelona, but it's a five minute walk to the subway station, from where it is around 15 minutes to the Ramblas. The area is still under construction, so at certain point the neighbourhood can look a bit crappy. But there is a big mall in the neigbourhood for shoppingThe room was clean and spacious. I didn't liked the floor, because they have used vinyl instead of carpet, it felt very cold when walking barefoot in the morning. The big shower in the bathroom was great. You really feel refreshed after taken the shower.I didn't feel very comfortable with staff of the hotel, they just weren't friendly.Conclusions: lovely hotel, but the staff should improves it's service.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Opinion of hotel, staff and surrounding area. Superb hotel and fantastic room with great cleanliness. Food in the hotel was generally good with a wide variety to chose from. Some staff were helpful whereas others were not at all. Great swimming pool with an amazing view from balcony (worth checking out at night can see the whole of Barcelona) Perfect chill out area and had the privilege of staying up there till midnight. The only negative comment I would have to express about this hotel is that there is absolutely no privacy in the bathrooms, a clear glass slide along door was provided (not to nice when you want some privacy to go to the toilet) In my opinion this was a very peculiar set out, this might be worth future customers noting because the staff were not to keen on room switching. Also check out time is at noon - if your flight is not till the evening then this might be worth noting too as they do not provide a separate shower area before the journey home which is a bit annoying when your sweating in that heat! However luggage is looked after at reception until departure time. The hotel is a little out of the way of the main sites of Barcelona but is only a few minutes away on the metro or tram (both well air conditioned). It is always a little overwhelming being in a big city which you don't know much about where no one speaks your language, but to be honest it is like any big city where there is always the chance of danger i.e being mugged etc but my guess is, is that is probably safer than London! I didnt notice anything mega scary at all about the location of the hotel, just be extra wary at night if walking back to the hotel and cling on to your bags firmly and use common sense! If you like shopping and the beach then this hotel is perfect as shopping centre Diagnol Mar is only 5 mins away from hotel as the same for the beach! Shops fantastic and lovely centre with a variety of restaurants.Enjoy your stay overall we had a great time despite the little inconveniences.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel Before going to Barcelona I was at my wits end about which hotel to choose, as there seems to be so many in lots of different areas of the city. I ended up choosing Vincci Maritimo Hotel. I was concerned by some of the reviews but I have to say that I really do disagree with the negative ones. I am 24 and enjoy walking around and exploring a city, however I went with my mother who has a bad back and doesn't always like to walk so much and in the end we both felt that it satisfied what we both required from a holiday and this was mainly to do with the location of the hotel.The point is that the subway in Barcelona is excellent all the lines connect to each other one way or another meaning that you can get everywhere. If you don't like taking the subway then don't stay at the vincci, but it is worth mentioning that the subway is clean all sorts of people use it both young and old. I was advised by someone who lived in barcelona to stay on the yellow line which is one of the subway lines and the Vincci Maritimo is literally on the next block to the subway stop Selva de Mar which is on the yellow line. This takes you to passeig de gracia which is the street with the different houses created by gaudi and others (casa batilo is lovely), you can change trains to get to a stop right next to la sagrada familia as well. All of this is within 7/8 stops from Selva de Mar and therefore just takes about 10 mins max. There is also a pick up point for the main tourist bus in the city just on the other corner, which takes you all round the city to all its sights. So it is very well connected.On the matter of the 'dodgy' neighbourhood. Yes the hotel is out of the centre therefore there are residential areas which are not 'souped up' for tourists that surround the hotel. But there are some beautiful apartments behind the hotel too. Nobody seems to have mentioned the park diagonal mar, which is a lovely park that has some abstract metal sculptings that maze all the way round it, which are lit up at night and there are varying types of water features, swans even seem to swim on the man made pond. Just behind this park is the Diagonal Mar shopping centre which is like a shopping mall with lots of clothes stores which is open until around 10 I think, again this takes around 4 mins to walk to at a maximum! The shopping centre has a range of restaurants inside as well and we eat in the italian one and believed it to be one of the best meals we had all holiday! There aren't that many restaurants in the area which is a little sad, but I think this area is up and coming and may well in the future. Beyond the shopping centre is the magnificent forum centre where there are important meetings held etc, but is an angular shiny building that is worth looking at if interested in design.The beach is about 5 mins slow walk from the hotel and always has a lifeguard. There is a nice bar/cafe on the sand which serve snacks just at the point where you would walk onto the beach from the direction of the hotel. I think it depends on what you want from Barcelona if you want to be right in the core of the city and out enjoying the nightlife every night, maybe you should stay closer to the centre. But the thing I liked about the hotel is that I could leisurely walk to the beach, like I was having a beach holiday but also jump on the subway (or the tram = very nice) and find myself in the centre of barcelona with las ramblas only mins away and all the sites I needed to see. The hotel is nice itself, very clean and well kept. All the staff we spoke to except one woman at reception who I think is just a bit grumpy - were extremely polite and welcoming. The breakfast was a buffet of fruit, cheese, breads and pastries, cold meats etc pretty standard but very enjoyable. The only let down was the absence of a pool, but you don't really need one because the med is round the corner! I think that some of the reviews of this hotel have been a bit narrow minded and I believe that if you get your bearings quickly you will realise the potential it has. Hotels on passeig de gracia seemed very nice and i'm sure if I was willing to spend huge amounts of money I would have stayed there too, but I liked being near the beach out of the madness. Hope this helps! Enjoy Barcelona it has everything!x  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JollyHollidayer
<Content>Great time in Barcelona If you don't mind staying out of town, then this is the hotel for you. However, I must agree with some of the recent reviews that state that this is a bit of a dodgy area. If you keep your wits about you though, you'll be fine.The hotel itself was very modern and comfortable. The rooms are lovely - ultra trendy bathrooms - and the beds are huge. The staff are pleasant enough, but not overly helpful. What we did find a bit strange though was that the hotel bar always seemed to be closed, even when we returned early one night at 10:30pm!!Barcelona is a fantastic city and we will definately return. Not sure that we would stay at the Maritimo again, purely down to the location.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vincii Maritimo great hotel, lousy service My husband and I were guests at the Vincci in early May, and found the hotel to be quite modern and the location was perfect for us. While it was outside of the center of the city, it was preferable to a hotel in the very noisy tourist areas. It was lovely to return to the hotel after a busy day and be able to look forward to a peaceful night's sleep. Public transportation is excellent, with the tram, metro, and buses available within a few block radius of the hotel. At no time did we ever feel unsafe coming to and from the hotel even at night. On the negative side: The hotel staff was cool at best and we had problems getting clean towels each day. The hotel advertises that it has contour pillows and even has a card in the room saying so, yet when I requested one I was told by the person at the front desk in a very arrogant manner that contour pillows aren't available at this hotel, madame. The buffet breakfast in the hotel restaurant is adequate, but don't have dinner there. It is horribly overpriced and the food isn't good at all. The same 5 tired entrees are offered each night and everything tasted as though it was cooked elsewhere and reheated.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kevin&JenAhern
<Content>Class!!!! Took my fiance for her 30th Birthday due to reviews read on this site. As has been said in earlier reviews 1st rate hotel, with great axcess to the tube. All our travel was done on the tube which is clean and efficient (but lady's watch your handbags!!!! saw the city urchins at work one evening on the way home, gone in a flash with a tourists bag.) If you dont want to stay near the centre, (which I would'nt dream off personally) this IS the place to stay. Only a brief tube ride into town, even shorter if you get off at Barcelonetta and walk along the harbour to the bottom of Ramblas which is lovely.All in all great clean, safe, hotel with excellent staff, in a cracking quiet area overlooking a park and in the distance the sea.Just the ticket for a special occasion!Will return.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel ... dodgy location The hotel itself is great; ultra-modern, stylish and comfortable.Be warned though, the surrounding area is very unsafe at night. My partner and I were mugged just round the corner from the hotel. Three local youths approached us and stole my girlfriend's bag from her hand as we walked down the street. I gave chase and managed to retrieve the bag but it was a very unpleasant incident. I don't think the 3 muggers were expecting to be chased and confronted by a large aggressive Yorkshireman but it did the trick.The incident was compounded further by the hotel's lack of interest in our well-being and refusal to call the police. This left a bad taste in the mouth as the receptionist told us that we should count ourselves 'lucky' and that some residents had been attacked on the metro and left with nothing. A wonderful advert for customer service!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel, terrible location for tourists We booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. Had we known that it was so far from the principal tourist centers of Barcelona, we never would have stayed there. Although a metro station was a 5 minute walk, one still felt isolated. The hotel is starkly modern - glass, steel and stone. Although we generally like modern styling, it had a cold feel to it that was uncomfortable. The staff was friendly, but did not go out of its way to be helpful. For example, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to struggle with our too many bags ourselves. When we got into the lobby, we found that the desk clerk could clearly see us struggle. If we didn't ask for assistance, we didn't get it. The hotel was very expensive, but most hotels in Barcelona are. Fot the same money, we could have had a place in the heart of the tourist zone. I had booked a no-smoking room. When we checked in, we were told none was available. Howevere, it turned out that the room assigned to us had an occupant! Therefore, we were moved to - guess what? - a no-smoking room! Obviously, this room was available when we checked in. They just didn't want to give it to us. The bedding consisted of two double beds pushed together. This was the only option offered by the hotel. It was not explained when we booked that a king-size bed was not offered. In summary, I can't recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chilling at the Maritimo       Inside the room  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CiaraB
<Content>Great value in Barcelona This hotel is great value for money. The rooms are modern, bright and clean. The staff are very good and speak excellent english. The location of the hotel is a bit out of the way, but its only a 2min walk to the metro. It's also a 2 min walk to the light rail which goes to the Olympic area by the beach. The suburb is a bit drab but that wasn't a drawback really. Also, there's a new shopping centre about 2 min walk from the hotel. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, great breakfast. Just back from 4 nights at this hotel with my boyfriend. We would definately recommend it. Lovely rooms and bathroom with a great shower. Reading some of the other reviews, we had no problems at all. Our room was quiet, cleaned daily and our toiletries were topped up as we used them. Large choice of food to eat at the buffet breakfast. Easy to get into the town using the metro. Only negative remark would be that the mini bar in the room was expensive, but there is a large supermarket called Alcampo at the Diagonal Mar Shopping Centre, located if you walk in a straight line, turning right out of the hotel, where you can stock up on drinks, snacks etc. We found the staff polite, professional and curteous. Taxi from the airport cost us 25 Euros.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lookes great but beware the breakfast I've just returned from a lovely break in barcelona with my beautiful girlfriend where we stayed in this great looking hotel. its very clean in the reception and public areas but the rooms are not so good. lots of dust and only minimum daily cleaning. also breakfast was fairly poor especially as it took an hour to be delivered. but that aside, the hotel is a nice place to stay with helpful staff (even if some of their local knowledge is strangely below par!) it has a great shopping centre only 2mins walk and is near some lovely beaches. the main street las ramblas is easily accessible via the metro, but avoid this tourist area and head for the gothic area for great nightlife. Overall it is a decent hotel but doesn't stand head and shoulders above the rest,  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SorrelH
<Content>Great hotel, Great Rates My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights during Easter. We had selected the hotel on the basis of great reviews and the quiet location. The interior was impressive, the room very comfortable and the staff extremely friendly. The mall was indeed very close by and convenient, as was the metro. Some tips: if you want to go near the Ramblas or Gothic quarter, take the yellow line straight to Jaume. We bought a Barcelona travel card for 5 days which is well worth it: metro, train and bus is free and you get discounted entrance tickets. For plenty of restaurants: take the metro to Barcelonetta or Olympique.If we go again, we will certainly use this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed here in February, 2005 after reading comments on this site. I was very pleased. It's not the center of the action but very easily accessible by metro. The yellow metro stop is is only a few minutes from the hotel and the ride into the city takes about ten minutes. The rooms are very modern and sleek, as is the rest of the hotel. The staff was very pleasant and cooperative. The Diagonal Mall is close by for those who want to shop and it has all the major store such as Zaras, Mango, etc. For the price I thought it was a great deal.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place Just returned from 4 days at this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and whenever we had a problem or query this was dealt with straightaway either on the telephone or by a member of staff coming to our room within 3 minutes! We found the hotel to be extremely quiet, maybe too quiet! The Metro was within 5 minutes of the hotel and we found this the quickest way of getting to the centre and Sagrada Familia. There was also a night bus from the centre (no. N6) that stopped just outside the hotel. The Diagonal Mar shopping centre stayed open late on Friday and Saturday nights with lots of restaurants to choose from. Also there is a very large supermarket here. It was very quiet the rest of the time and you would have to go to the centre for the night life. We would definitely go back to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price we paid - but lightsleepers beware! We just came back from a long weekend in Barcelona. I chose a hotel outside the centre as we were on a cheap weekend away and got a great deal on the Vincci Maritimo. The hotel is modern, well presented and very comfortable and they provide an excellent breakfast. The location, outside the main centre, was not a problem at all, in fact I think we preferred it. Only a block walk to a fantastic, and quiet, part of the beach and with a metro and tram stop less than five minutes walk away to take you into the centre. So all good.....However, on the downside the soundproofing is terrible (stange given that the hotel looks quite new). The staff were only as helpful as they had to be to pass for polite and do not expect a late drink in the hotel bar; we found it closed at 11.00 to 11.15pm, although this may have been because it was not peak holiday season? There is no room service after 11pm and the mini bar/toiletries seem only to be restocked when specifically requested. You will also have to pay to have your shirts etc ironed (at 鈧?.50 a shirt when we visited) as they do not provide these facilities in the rooms.Overall I don't think we would stay here again, but it was well worth the 拢56 per night we paid on this visit!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb value I visited Brcelona recently with my boyfriend and chose to stay at this hotel. The rooms were great, clean and modern, with excellent bathrooms including a giant shower! Although the hotel is not in the heart of the city the tram, metro lines and cheap taxi rides make it easy to get around. I would advise getting a taxi from the airport to the hotel though as it is awkward to get to, with luggage, by metro.The hotel is located right next to an architectural park and great shopping centre only five minutes walk away, so theres plenty to do it you do'nt fancy going into town.Overall it was a great value place to stay and i'll certainly be visiting again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Magpie_Rob
<Content>Nice Hotel, But A Bit Out Of The Way       Stylish comfortable room  
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>K_Joshi
<Content>Very Modern Layout I went to Barcelona for the first time for my birthday and I have to say I was worried about the fact that the hotel was supposedly 'out of town'. It is, but only 8-10 Euro's by taxi in the evening to get back from the centre when the Metro is closed. It is only a minutes walk from the metro. A very clean and quiet hotel also. Away from the hustle bustle of the centre therefore definitely a great place to sleep as there is no noise outside. I would recommend this to anyone who was wishing to stay somewhere where it is extremely pleasant to return to after a long day/evening. The decor is lovely too, very modern. All in a all a clean and bright hotel perfect for a short break.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here Dec 2003 for 40th birthday weekend. Excellent choice, very modern hotel. Comfortable rooms with 'pillow menu'. Very clean throughout with friendly staff. Is a little way out of the city centre but as others have mentioned here only two mins walk to metro stop and about 15 mins to centre. Very nice shopping centre nearby where you can mix with the locals. Good choice to take in the beach and site seeing together. Will definitley be going back to this hotel, I have found cheapest prices on easy jet website.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sorrento1
<Content>A Fantastic Hotel We have just come back from our first trip to Barcelona and what a brilliant hotel to have picked. From reading the reviews on here and looking at the photographs on the hotels website we were hoping not to be in for a huge disappointment and we were not. Friendly and helpful staff, clean and modern rooms (which look exactly like they do in the pictures) communal areas were spot on again, we stayed b  b and there was more than enough choice for breakfast. The location of the hotel although on the outskirts was ideal. A five minute walk from the metro and then a ten minute ride to Avenue Diagonal, Las Ramble  most other things of interest. A two minute walk to a fantastic shopping centre with all the shops and eateries you could need and then just a five minute walk to sea for a change of scenery. Would definitely recommend it and cannot wait to return!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Arturas
<Content>good choice Usually I stay in the center of Barcelona but this time I stayed outside center and chose Maritimo Hotel. I was surprised. Cute, modern hotel.Easy access to center, 10 minutes by undergoud and a little bit more by bus, there is a night bus too stopping just a few minutes walking from the hotel. The sea is just a few minutes away and I had a sea view room. And the price I got was really good! Definately will stay at this hotel when I am back!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel - Will Return This is the best hotel I have been to in Europe. The location of this hotel is a bit out of town but within 10 minutes walk to the Beach through a modern arcitectural park. Nearest metro was 5 minutes walk. Nearest shopping mall Diagonal Mar 5 minutes walk from hotel, this had all the high street shops you could think off and a supermarket, there is also an area outside and to the rear with restaurants and places to eat. This is an area that where you could never go hungry. We tried the restaurant at the hotel, paella was reasonable at 12 Euros for 2, Buffet Breakfast was 12 Euros and well worth the money a wide variety of fruits, cakes, cold meats, eggs, bacon, sausage, ceral, tea  toasts. No need to eat until dinner after that - I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>raquellorraine
<Content>Beautiful, well-designed hotel   showReview(2860252, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(2813905, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goju
<Content>Great Hotel, Ok Staff, Bad Soundproofing.   showReview(2797657, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly What I Expected   showReview(2324465, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beardsh
<Content>Highly Recommended   showReview(2230865, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(2218010, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tangek
<Content>Nice hotel on the eastern edge of the city   showReview(2063205, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marlboro_7
<Content>Very Pleasant, Modern Hotel.....   showReview(1758180, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here with confidence   showReview(1528812, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Fantastic Vincci Barcelona Maritimo Hotel   showReview(1422229, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maxnic75
<Content>Hotel Ottimo   showReview(23098863, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HamburgExperiences
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mit armseligen Service   showReview(20530381, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Altamente recomendado...   showReview(21161733, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>begeistert   showReview(20552274, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nettes Hotel   showReview(19642664, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19642663, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(19642661, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout positif   showReview(19642658, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons d猫s que possible!   showReview(19642657, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s design, mais pas assez entretenu   showReview(19642662, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>komfortables Business-Hotel in Strandn盲he   showReview(19642660, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel!   showReview(19642655, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles bestens   showReview(19642659, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel calme, confortable et agr茅able 脿 vivre   showReview(19642656, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel, super lage, ruhige lage einfach empfehlenswert   showReview(18529462, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(18529463, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(17433952, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel, excentr茅 mais pr猫s du centre en m茅tro   showReview(17433951, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderno e pulito   showReview(17433950, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Normalito   showReview(17433949, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen   showReview(16591992, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16591991, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(16591990, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(16591989, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel super - Essen aber zu teuer   showReview(16591987, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl   showReview(16591982, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rundum zufrieden   showReview(16591981, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel moderno e confortevole   showReview(16591988, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ruhige Lage   showReview(15565675, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15565674, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Hotel - komme sicher wieder dort hin   showReview(15565672, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>das Hotel ist gut........   showReview(15565671, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in direkter K眉stenn盲he   showReview(15565668, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una localizzazione strategica per gli amanti dell'architettura contemporanea   showReview(15565667, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r ein verl盲ngertes Wochenende   showReview(14730189, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(14730188, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OttoNormaluser
<Content>Gutes Hotel auch f眉r l盲ngeren Aufenthalt   showReview(14209527, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, Fr眉hst眉ck jedoch teuer und durchschnittlich   showReview(13980379, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>So wie bewertet   showReview(13980378, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erstaunlich gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis, sehr modernes Hotel   showReview(13200562, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13200561, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11307523, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Stadthotel   showReview(11307522, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿-prezzo   showReview(11659441, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral zum ICCB   showReview(11307521, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zu empfehlen   showReview(11659442, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11659438, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>dal centro e' un po' fuori mano ma tutto sommato e un albergo fantatisto   showReview(11659437, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr modern und geschmackvoll   showReview(11659439, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne immer wieder   showReview(11659435, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen   showReview(11451588, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11451587, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wird gerne wieder gebucht   showReview(11451586, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rundum zufrieden   showReview(11451585, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇с亶銈屻亜   showReview(19162119, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(11494336, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes und ruhiges Hotel am Stadtrand in Strandn盲he   showReview(11432830, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Business Hotel   showReview(11432828, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Odeur de fum茅e dans la chambre   showReview(11406069, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel neuf et agr茅able   showReview(11406068, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11406067, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel speciale   showReview(11379989, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>JE   showReview(11379988, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vue sur cour   showReview(11379987, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel. Pulito e ottima...   showReview(11438399, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel aber   showReview(11353450, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes modernes Hotel   showReview(11353449, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11353448, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(11353447, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>werden dieses Hotel auch fuer unsere naechste Geschaeftsreise buchen   showReview(11353446, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11353445, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel confortable. Excellentes prestations et rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11336148, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel de grand luxe abordable 脿 deux pas du centre de Barcelone   showReview(11336147, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Enti猫rement satisfait   showReview(11336146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel pi霉 che soddisfaciente   showReview(11330947, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel und die Zimmer sind...   showReview(11438400, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona struttura non vicinissima...   showReview(11438401, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderner Glasbau, f眉r mich zu...   showReview(11438402, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

