<Author>sweepeaLondon
<Content>Not a great as I expected... I read so many reviews about this hotel I was not sure what to expect.Check-in was okay bit did not understand the receptionist. Room was On the 6th floor, very basic and clean, this is not a 4star standard hotelmore like a 3*. Be warned the walls are very thin you can here load chatterand we could even here snoring through the wall.Lifts are a joke they were both working but every time they came down or up to the 6th floor they were always full.Breakfast buffet was okay nothing special loads of salad and cold meatsnot my sort of breakfast. This hotel seems to cater more for the germanclients. Staff seem to speak german but not English!.Pool area was nice but again all sun beds taken by 830am each bed would have one trainer or book on it (it was joke) luckily I preferred the beach which was nice and clean.The S bus stop does stop outside the hotel to go to the mall but again be warnedit does take approx an hour as the bus stops and nearly every stop, we got a taxi backwhich cost about 30 dollars,This hotel was to far away from everything, we stayed in Sunny Isles beforewhich was much better, as ocean drive is about a 30 min walk and there is hardlyanything around where this hotel is.On check out we were even charged to have our bags stored 拢1 dollar per bag ( thishotel is all about making money) I have never paid to store luggage at any otherhotel.I would not stay at this hotel again, I found staff rude and very unfriendly, goneare the days when your greeted by friendly chirpy Americans.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	1	3	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>dan773
<Content>Can't complain (wished it was a bit closer to Ocean Drive though) Stayed for 3 nights 19-22 Dec 08Clean big and comfortable roomsGreat Buffet breakfastright on the beach, small but nice pool areapolite and helpful staff20 min drive from Miami airport$15 a day parking - which is only by Valet (quite handy though you just dump the car)only possible downside is its a 40 min walk to Ocean Drive  20 min walk to Lincoln Rd. these were our main areas for food and drinksCab from hotel to Ocean drive costs $7 so not too bad.If I stayed in Miami Beach again I may stay a bit closer to Ocean Drive  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Poppy2k
<Content>Great location and nice hotel       beach  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>didcotoxon
<Content>Excellent Hotel Really love this hotel, all the staff are so helpful and friendly. Both lifts now working. This hotel is a good base for Miami and the price is very affordable. Taxi to South Beach is approx 9$ and to Lincoln Ave about 7$. To walk is about 20 mins so you do have that option. The S bus stops right outside the hotel to take you to the Mall and that is 2$. Breakfast at the hotel will set you up for the day, plenty of choice and all fresh. We upgraded to an ocean view room but in reality we did not use the room too much as out and about. For the price we paid for this hotel it was a bargain.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elegantly_wasted22
<Content>A Mixed Impression of the Riu Florida Beach I stayed at the Riu Florida Beach in early July 2008 with my mother for two nights. It was our first time visiting Miami, and after reading some of the reviews of the hotel, we were a little apprehensive. First of all, the area that the hotel is situated in is not great - there are a lot of abandoned buildings across the street and although this is not the hotel's fault, it does affect the general impression of the place, and the view!! The lobby of the hotel is beautiful - large, cool and airy with plenty of seats. Check-in was.....time consuming. Staff, somewhat predictably, speak English as a second language so we had to wait for a member of staff to be free who had the best grasp of English before we could check in. We stayed on the seventh floor - the room was spacious and clean with all the expected amenities. Be warned though - the walls are paper-thin so if you have chatty neighbours then be prepared for a poor sleep!The breakfast buffet was large and well-stocked and the dining area was lovely. The pool area was also impressive - clean and plenty of sun loungers with shady areas and umbrellas too. The beach is right outside of the hotel so that can also be used as an alternative to the pool. Location is not perfect. The boardwalk is situated right outside of the hotel and this can be used to walk to the main restaurant/shopping area near Ocean Drive and lower Collins Ave - but it is a considerable walk. The area immediately surrounding the hotel has nothing in terms of entertainment/dining.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Jack_me_lad
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Beach at the rear of Riu  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sjp84
<Content>We really enjoyed our stay! Well let's see now...Having read some of the reviews on here, I was really quite anxious about going to the Riu. However, everything was absolutely fine!1. The two lifts worked perfectly for the entire week we were there. Ok sometimes we had to wait a few minutes, but that was not an issue for us. (Patience and all that!) We also used the stairs quite a bit as only on the 5th floor.2. Definitely glad we paid extra for an ocean view room - well worth it. We looked straight out over the pool to the beach/ocean beyond. Lovely.3. The breakfast was nothing short of amazing. I can't even begin to list the food that was available. The choice was fantastic and could rival any 5* hotel I'm sure.4. All the staff we spoke to were very polite and helpful, particularly those behind the check-in desk. We had no problems at all.5. Location - ok so it is not on Ocean Drive and yes it is a little bit of a walk, but the boardwalk is lovely and it took us about 20/30 minutes to get into the main restaurant area. In the evenings we chose not to walk along the boardwalk, but along the main streets (out the front of the hotel) which again took about 20/30 minutes. We thought it was a really nice stroll before dinner, but if you are not into walking or find it difficult to walk for this amount of time, a taxi cost $7-8. This price is for coming in the other direction (centre to hotel) but I presume it will be the same from the hotel to Ocean Drive.6. The rooms could do with a little updating - new carpet, more contemporary bedding etc, but we don't go on holiday to stay in our hotel room. It was very clean, and got cleaned thoroughly every day too. Also fresh towels daily if needed.7. If you like a bit of retail therapy... we visited Aventura Mall by getting the 'S' bus straight outside the hotel. Definitely worth it!! The mall is fab with a huge selection of shops and a cinema complex. It cost $2 each, one-way and takes approx 45 minutes to get there. The buses come along frequently so you don't have to wait too long for one.We really enjoyed our stay at the Riu. Would possibly look for something nearer Ocean Drive next time, but would not hesitate to go back here.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Superhoteluser
<Content>Not bad for the price.... almost liked it a lot! Just spent 9 nights at the Riu Florida Beach hotel. Initially given room 631 but then upgraded to an ocean view room 1034 (well worth it for the balcony and the view!) My opinions are set out below....and just for the record, I think my standards are quite high.Good points:- Rooms are big and clean- In relation to the rest of Miami - the location of the hotel is in Miami Beach and not South Beach. I much preferred the location of the Riu to some of the South Beach hotels. The beach in front of the Riu is fab and not overcrowded. Bus stops to Lincoln Road and South Beach are a 1 minute walk away on Collins Ave. The bus to the north and Aventura Mall (highly recommended) is literally outside the hotel...so when you return from Lincoln Road or South Beach, you are dropped right outside the Riu's door. You get to see real 'America' when you take public transport.... we had several giggles and shocks on our bus journeys! Well worth it for $2 each.- Really great staff - all of them. Housekeeping, Reception, valet guys, tour provider, restaurant...all friendly and very helpful- Breakfasts have a large choice - not always the freshest, but lots to choose from- Rooms are tidied and cleaned to a good standard daily- Lifts worked 99% of the time, so had no concerns. - City/boat tour interesting - good photo and celeb spotting opportunitiesCould do better:- Cheaper bar drinks by the pool. We paid $9 for 2 small bottles of water- Rush for the sunbeds in the morning. If you don't have your towel out by 10.30am, you're unlikely to get a space by the pool (beach is better anyway!)- The colour of the bedspreads For anyone leaving from Miami International Airport on a british airways flight - their duty free area is rubbish. Much cheaper to buy cosmetics, makeup and liquor in Macy's or Liquor stores respectively.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jueLiverpool
<Content>loved this hotel       fantastic pool area  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidge
<Content>Ignore the location hype       Neighbours !!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mihai1972
<Content>Loved Riu Florida Beach       The room  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Digby9
<Content>The Reviews are Bad for a Reason... My Partner and I stayed here in September 2008. Based on previous reviews, I do have to say that the hotel was better than I expected, but it is simply not up to standard and that's a fact that is not open to interpretation. The man behind reception took my Credit Card for any extras and then promptly disappeared out the back with my card for 5 minutes, which I was very unhappy about. I will be scrutinizing my credit card statement very carefully for the next few months. The hotel is 15 blocks from the start on South Beach life, which means a minimum 45 minute walk each way (unshaded, in 94 degree heat!). I had read previous reports that the lifts did not work, but both were working in September 2008, which was lucky as we were on 9th floor and would have flipped if we'd have to take the stairs. The room was okay, but I'm not sure the beds are doubles, more like large singles that don't sleep 2 people comfortably. The shower was very very basic, obviously a cheap shop attachment. Worryingly, the water pressure and temperature change without warning. Once, the water pressure literally dropped so such that it was dribbling out of the head and the temperature would go very high or low on it's own accord. Be very careful if you have children as our shower would also squirt water in every direction, chasing you around the bath with alternating scalding/freezing water. The pool area is great and breakfast cannot be criticised, the selection really was great. I would recommend staying at least 10 blocks further South and would be unlikely to stay here again. Heed the warnings of other contributors and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Mup3t
<Content>I have to say... ish...       Miami Beach (hotel's beach)  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Andy65
<Content>Awful I dont know where the previous reviewer stayed but it was not the Riu we were at. Damp smelly rooms, mould in the bathrooms, grubby. This is not to mention the fantastic views of the sea through the derelict hotel next to the Riu that the rooms overlooked - smashed and boarded up windows, smashed concrete, stagnant water and graffitti. Lifts could not cope - had to use fire escapes all the time. Dont be taken in by the reception area this hotel is a dump. You would not pay us to return.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	2	

<Author>SammSkii999
<Content>A Great Sleep This hotel is like royalty in the lobby, the rooms are excellent, however I would not recommend that Disabled people stay here as they only have 2 elevators serving 10 floors. Me and my mum started getting used to using the stairs. The Valets are not talkative but they are cheerful ..I would recommend this hotel, but not to disabled people or families.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>wookiebig
<Content>give it a chance this is not i repeat not hell on earth as one guest implies. the hotel is in an area that is having massive reconstruction undertaken in the area between the rui and the area people know as south beach. the hotel is nice friendly and clean with a beautiful beach right outside. the buffet breakfast is superb and pool area clean and tranquil. miami has a massive spanish / cuban influance wherever you go so be ready for this or go somewere else. i would personnaly go back so dont let other reviews put you off i allmost did  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mr_B78
<Content>Mixed bag for the Riu Both lifts worked, we had a bathroom, we had a seaview, Most of the staff are really nice and helpfull, however a four star hotel?? I have stayed in better 3 stars. It was our honeymoon and also my birthday so we decieded to book what looked like the best hotel they had to offer in the agents. (I kind of wish i read this site first.)When we got there we were greeted very nicley and everything was easy and pleasant at check in, We even had a Dutch girl explaining everything in Dutch (where we live). Our room was an ocean view room on the tenth floor, we were lucky enough to have one of the two only king size beds. The room did smell of wet dog, I presume that is because of the humidity and leaking balcony door on the old stained carpet. The walk in wardorbe was nice and contained a fridge(without mini bar) and the safe (which costs 2 dollars per day) The bathroom was very basic and the bath was a bit dirty (This is not to say it hadnt been cleaned, just that it was old and needed replacing) The room just seemed to lack class, something that I would have expected. It was travelodge, without the fininshing touches, but with a balcony. The view if you stood looking in one direction is really good, but if you look staright forward you see a borded up old hotel with stagnant water and broken glass. An ocean view room is not the same as an ocean front room (something that we were never offered) It was our honemoon, so we were recomended this as a good honeymoon location. The second day we were given a bottle of Champangne and some fruit and a calander of south beach from the Manager. Most of the staff were really nice. But the hotel had no room service!, (a must on a honeymoon) and the snacks avalible down stairs, were limited over priced and lacking flair, but nice if you want burger and chips. The swiming pool is good and the beach is two minutes away. It is a 20 min walk from all the restuarants and shops, we didnt mind that too much. The resturaunt downstairs was quite good value, the buffet was very good but again lacking in much class, but the wine was good.The entertainment consited of a bass player and a girl standing under a tacky disco ball singing karoke, she wasnt a bad singer but niether a good one. I feel that the Hotel is not what I expected but the staff try really hard to make up for the obvious problems.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>Toni3452
<Content>Average hotel Although being a Spanish chain, we had never been in a RIU hotel and after an extensive search, we finally chose it for our 2 days stay in Miami.After being there I can say that we more or less agree with all the previous reviews.Pros: a) Concierge: Same as another reviewer, they could not find our reservation (4 rooms). However, they were able to to give our rooms immediately, awaiting an internal confirmation from Spain. That's what we call a quick  efficient reaction, b) Miami Beach: You only need to walk 200 mt. and you are at the famous Miami Beach. Nice temperature and white sand and c) Breakfast: In line with many Spanish hotel chains, excellent breakfast buffet, including state-of-the-art eggs  omellettes, live made.Cons: a) Location. This is a crutial tip. Despite being at Collins Avenue, it is perhaps located in the worst area of the whole Avenue, far away from South Beach / Lincoln Avenue, where the heat is on and also far away from the relax atmosphere of North Beach / Bal Harbour, b) I also agree that it needs a refurnishment, especially the rooms.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	3	3	

<Author>stressedhead2003
<Content>A different hotel? This was due to be the relaxing part of our holiday after New York And Washington and I must admit I was worried after some recent reviews! We chose the Riu partly because we could upgrade to a seaview room with our travel agent and this couldn't be guaranteed with some of the more famous, central hotels. As we were due to arrive on our 32nd anniversary I emailed the hotel. When we arrived we were greeted with the promise of a lovely room and it was! 902 was a corner room with balcony and front and side windows. After going for a walk we arrived back to find champagne and fruit in the room- a lovely touch. Both lifts were in operation for our stay of 8 days and although a lot of renovation and rebuilding is going on the only effect was that the beach was really quiet with less people. Breakfast was fresh and varied and we had no problem with making any staff understand us. A good end to our holiday.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DPF777
<Content>Hell on earth Thank all the God's we only had two days stay, we did start an escape group.Was shocked to see Americans who have stayed here liked it It is Run down only one lift works can take half an hour to go to room and back...Next to no English spoken.. Is this part of the states now part of Mexico??? Better English anywhere in the Med.Food was expensive and terrible... Advise everyone to give this [place a very wide berth.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Scapa
<Content>Actually OK I do not understand the last review! We were there in June and there are two brand new German lifts both working perfectly so do not let that put you off.I do agree that the area is not brilliant but Ritz Carlon are building next door so is certainly not Beiruit! It is also a lovely walk into South Beach by the board walk.We changed room to one with a balcony with an ocean view and this made up for all the other aspects of the hotel as it was just great to sit there on a lovely florida night.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>fidelma66
<Content>The Ruin hotel This hotel is in the middle of Beirut, i do not think it could be in a worse area, when you enter the hotel you feel a bit better with a lovely lobby area, clean and well kept, but do not let this fool you, once you enter the ONE working lift and enter the decrepit old fashioned floors where your room key doesnt work and you have to go back to reception to get it fixed, where you ask for adjoining rooms and their idea of this is 2 floors apart, like if you request adjoining, why not at least put you on the same floor??The rooms are small and seedy, carpets need replacing if not cleaned, the bath... well i will wait till i go to our next hotel before i will use it.I want to stay somewhere else, also they advertises FREE WIFI well this is true, if you want to sit in the lobby to do your work, there is no Wifi in the bedrooms.Thank god we are only here 2 nights, id sooner die then stay here again, infact 2 nights is daunting enough.the Valet parking is mandatory, and costs $15 a night, the guys who take the car do not speak English....no extra pillows in the room, grotty is s good word for this hotel, it should be condemned.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>DAHFLINA
<Content>Our stayat the Riu Florida Beach Even though we live in Miami, My husband, two children and I decided to spend 4 nights at a hotel in MBeach and got this reservation free thru our miles card. only two choices available! Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly young man and got an ocean front room that was spacious and nice. The beach is really close,but had big waves, and a thick gray sand not typical of MBeach at all.Lunch was only served thru The Alligator, a cafeteria in the pool where a fountain soda in a small cup was almost $5.00 and had no refills! The service was not friendly or attentive there at all. They do not have to work for the tip!!Also, they do not provide the service of taking your food or drinks to the beach, something we've really enjoy in the past!The first night we requested more bath gel , but never came. The overall experience was OK, but would not stay again if I had to pay full price. We've stayed in the Marriot only a few blocks away and had a magnificent experience! We had the best food and service at the Cuban restaurant in Ocean Drive called Larios / Bongos. Great taste and good price.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MX1977
<Content>Great Stay at RIU - Take negative reviews with care Anyone reading bad reviews can be scared away from this hotel. I stayed with my family for the second time, and I must say I haven't been disappointed.There's only one elevator, that's true, but we have no problems by having to wait a bit more to go to the beach, shopping, etc. We were on vacations, we had no rush.The hotel has a very European way to it. I think that's the main reason why US Citizens can feel uncomfortable with the food and every other aspect I read here. Regarding the breakfast, I'm from Argentina, I've been to other RIU Hotels, and I can assure you it's standard RIU Breakfast. Really complete with live cooking. (Ommeletes, eggs, pancakes, made at request in the moment). It麓s all about tastes.The room we were assigned was big, the bathroom, huge, and everything was well maintained and clean.To be able to move around with freedom you do need a car, as the location is far from various points of interest. To do so, you'll have to spend some money at the valet parking which is the worst part of the deal offered by RIU. It's an outsourced parking company, and the hotel won't assume responsibility for damaged cars, and the parking staff is not very polite, nor helpful.I would recomend this hotel for people that don't mind the cons stated above.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Wren_Fuzz
<Content>Great Hotel, Poor Location We indended to stay at this hotel for 3 nights but ended up staying for just the one. This was not down to the hotel it was purely due to its poor location in relation to Ocean Drive and Lincoln Avenue where all the life is. We timed our walk at 45mins from the hotel along the boardwalk (which was lovely by the way). We did not fancy walking that, there and back everyday. We got a taxi back and that cost us $10 (拢5). The hotel however was lovely, we got a great room overlooking the beach, it was clean and spacious. The pool area was nice but was packed with German tourists and yes they reserved all the beds before breakfast.Breakfast was ok, didn't like the idea of all the food being just laid out with no covers on, the breakfast cereal was simply placed in large jars and people had to lean over them to get cutlery etc.The Valet parking was trouble free and the staff where all very helpful and spoke perfect English as long as you spoke clearly to them.The lift was still not working, there was some contractors working on the lift when we got there but still no joy. The remaining lift however was fine and we certainly didn't have to wait long for it.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>workingirl369
<Content>It's just ok. Service and Rooms need an UPGRADE This hotel was clearly bought and just slapped their name on it. This is nothing like any other RIUs. This place is not all inclusive. From the beginning. The elevator is still broken......since January that I know of. Very hectic getting up and down to your room. Parking....they charge 15.00 per day. there is metered parking on the side of the building that never had a meter maid come by...not once......you make the decision. When we got to the hotel, there was absolutely noone to help with our bags. We had to find a cart and lug them up our selves. But they were more that happy to try and run off with the car for the 15.00 parking fee. Barely giving us a chance to unload the car. So rude. We wanted to do late check-out since out flight was in the evening......they wanted $10.00 per hour starting at 12:00pm. Beach chairs are 7.00 per day. Breakfast buffet is very nice. Its 12.00 per person. Not bad. Please Please Please opt for an oceanview if possible. Otherwise you will be looking at an abandoned boarded up building or an ugly rooftop. The place is in need of serious renovations. place is very dated. Carpet is old and dusty. Overall is was not a very pleasant experience but we worked with it  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>P0ppyfield
<Content>Manny Miami When we arrived our reservation did not exist, although this had been booked some 9 months ago and we had our voucher to prove that we were staying there. The check in staff did eventually have a non smoking room available if we waited an hour, which we duly did at the poolside bar. The staff were very friendly, which made up for the slow service.When we got our room, it was very spacious and clean. Although on one occasion it did take until 4pm for the cleaner to start tidying our room.The Concierge was extremely helpful, as we did not rent a car, numerous trips could be organised and picked up from the hotel including an everglades and a city tour.The hotel was very clean and air conditioned, with a 30 second walk from the poolside and onto Miami beach. A boardwalk has been designed for pedestrians so they can walk from their hotel, adjacent to the beach up thus avoiding all vehicular traffic.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PhilDerby
<Content>2nd visit - even better 2nd time around! Excellent hotel located right on the beach. Worthwhile paying extra for a beach view - we were on the 10th (top) floor and had a superb view along the beach. Just 13 blocks from the excellent Lincoln Road, where there are load of excellent restaurants and shops. Great for people-watching.Also within easy reach of Ocean Drive/Art Deco district.Hotel staff were excellent, especially the waiting staff in the superb restaurant. Great omellete chef! On the Sunday we stayed, it was Mother's Day in the USA - all the staff in the restaurant were dressed in tuxedos at breakfast, and we all get a glass of champagne with all the ladies also getting a red rose. Great touch.Will we be returning? - Guaranteed!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nikki_in_IN
<Content>Good stay       looking from hotel window  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PedroFialho
<Content>Great Hotel We went in our honeymoon to miami and stayed in Riu! We loved the hotel, very clean, always with a nice scent!The staff very pleasant and helpfull, with a smile...The food could varie some more and the night entretainment, could be better... just has a suggestion a pool party would be great, nice space!In a general matter the hotel was great, the pool space is very nice and we came back to Portugal very pleased...  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barbfrick
<Content>We loved our stay at this hotel !!       Pool area  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miami93
<Content>Riu Florida Beach Hotel Having read several reviews before we left we were slightly prepared for the worse but this was not the case. Firstly every staff member that we met, be it the front desk, the bar staff, pool staff, waitresses, conceirge were extremely polite and helpful. Our room was clean and of a good size with everything that we needed and beds and towels changed daily. The pool area was lovely, spacious and clean with plenty of sun beds. Breakfast was excellent, loads of fresh fruit, fresh bread, meats, salads, bacon, sausages, eggs etc etc. The evening buffet was OK but quite frankly with the number of restaurants in Miami we did not eat there except on the first night. The beach was opposite the hotel only separated by a beautiful board walk. The beach was clean and beds and umbrellas were available at a charge or we just took our towels down and enjoyed the sun and sea. On this trip it was just my husband and I who went and it was perfect. I think teenagers would be a little bored as, apart from shopping there is not much to do until they are old enough for the clubs. Small children were well serviced by the pool and beach and taxis waited outside the hotel all day. Whether the Riu staff have taken note of some of the bad reports or whether some people had a bad experience I do not know but I can certainly say that for a week or more (if you want to go down to the Keys or Orlando) we both felt this hotel was an excellent choice.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BabsDurham
<Content>Lovely hotel . We have just arrived back from spending nine days in this hotel and all i can say is that we had a fantastic holiday and i cannot believe all the negative reviews that have been posted about it. It is very good and we would most certainly recommend this hotel. Staff were very good especially Dayana who serves in the Floridian bar, her customer care is exceptional. Breakfast lovely , ample choice and great omelettes. The only downside was that one lift was out of order at the time but to be honest we were on the fourth floor and we had no problem using the stairs, I'm sure that they would move you to a lower floor if you requested. Nothing seemed to be any problem to them and we can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>welltravelled55
<Content>ignore all bad reviews!! My husband and I are very well travelled and have stayed in 4/5 star hotels all over the world. After reading the reviews on trip advisor we were dreading going to the Riu in Miami. It was absolutely lovely, the staff were exceptional, they spoke perfect English, German and Spanish and they were helpful and curtious at all times. The rooms have recently been refurbished, they were clean and were of the same standard as other 4star hotels that we had stayed in. The bathrooms haven't had the refurb. yet but they were very clean and had a powerful shower. Breakfast is amazing, the chef is on hand ,making omlettes of choice and there was loads of fresh fruit, pastries, bread and cereal. The only negative is that there is still only one lift working, we were on the 5th floor and just took the stairs. Overall this hotel was lovely and you get so much for the price, would recommend to everyone!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cazanne12
<Content>Sub-standard service  I stayed with my family at the Riu Hotel during February 2008. The grading for this hotel was extremely over exaggerated. We've stayed at better 2 and 3 star hotels in Miami in the past where the service/customer care was within that hotel grading. The service and customer care was very sub-standard and almost non-existent. There was a constant lack of bath towels, hand towels, face flannels, toiletries were left in our room by housekeeping on a regular basis. Several complaints about the lack of essential amenities for our room (3 times daily the first time it occurred then twice daily thereafter) via the front desk to no avail throughout the course of our two week holiday. Spare toilet tissue and face tissues were not made available to us - we complained a few times about these issue too. We had read the negative reviews about this hotel prior to our arrival in Miami on trip advisor and informed our package holiday provider to move us to another hotel prior our arrival but no spaces were available elsewhere due to the Boat Show. We therefore gave this hotel the benefit of the doubt - what a bad move that was! The bar food was sub-standard and cold. The bar entertainment/singer was sub-standard and sang songs completely out of her ability/capability! We left several messages for our local travel rep to make contact with us so we could convey our various complaints on negative issues to no avail - the rep was non-existent. The front desk didn't provide the customer care you would expect in accordance with the hotel grading - all they did was to write our room number on the corner of the desk pad but either ignored our requests or plainly forgot! (understandable if the are not writing proper details down). The housekeeping staff didn't speak/converse in English which is strange working in an American hotel where the main language spoken is English/American. Only one lift was operational at the hotel for nearly the entire duration of our holiday! The poorly maintained emergency staircase was the only other means to get to rooms on higher floors if you didn't want to wait at least 10 minutes for the one workable lift - we were based on the 6th floor with two under 6's! Guests were using the emergency staircase to checkout with their heavy luggage - very much a health and safety issue. On the last morning at breakfast black bits were found at the bottom of two glasses of apple juice obtained from the machines for my children - I wasn't impressed! Definitely not a 3.5 star hotel! Some of the food was overcooked, dry or re-heated food from previous day. The first room we were allocated on the 8th floor smelled musky and damp so we had to prolong our check-in and admin it entailed by request another room at front desk - the Riu hotel were already made aware of various negative issues read by me on trip advisor and conveyed to our local rep in the UK before our departure. Needless to say I have written a very strong letter of complaint to our holiday package provider on the negative aspects and our experience at the Riu!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	-1	3	

<Author>ADubiella
<Content>Not really a RIU Hotel standard We stayed there from Feb 21-23 and we know many other RIU Hotels but this is the worst one i every stayed.The hotel seems to be renovated, but a bit of colour on the walls is not a complete renovation and didnt help if the rooms are not cleaned very well.The hotel entrace hall have the feeling of something cheap and uninviting.One of the two elevators dont work since months and you have to walk through very shabby emergency exit stairways if you not willing to wait 10 minutes for the elevator.For breakfast the restaurant was totally overcrowded and unorganized. There are lot of families who stay with 2 adults and 3 children in one room (i wondered how it works but seems the hotel sold it this way) so it shows when they let in all people for breakfast without queueing in line, uncleaned tables, not enough waiters who can take care, 15 minutes wait for coffee, buffet not refilled with everything, All over all not enjoyable.I never seen before such a bad Hotel in the RIU chain and will next time definitly stay somewhere else in the Miami Beach area, there are enough to choose from.I hope the hotel will leave RIU soon because its not a good reputation for the normally excellent RIU Service.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>rsekeres
<Content>Great Pool, OK Rooms We stayed at the Riu Florida Beach hotel while attending the nearby Yacht Show. We were prepared for the worst, based on other reviews, but were pleasantly surprised by the reasonably good experience.Positives: Beautiful pool area with easy access to the beach. Friendly valets and maid service, with OK front desk staff. Good location for visiting the yacht show (Walking distance). Food/wine prices were surprisingly modest for a hot vacation destination.Negatives: Room was passable, but sheets were coarse, carpet was matted, and there was no iron or ironing board (but there was a holder where one might've been). The restaurant sufficed for one meal, but it lacks atmosphere.There's definitely a European feeling to the way the hotel's managed. They call themselves a 4-star, but there's no way. Priceline gives them 3 stars, which is accurate.Overall, it's a good bet for a budget-conscious traveler (relatively speaking, for this expensive area), who wants the location, but I wouldn't make it a destination in and of itself to enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>jacko657
<Content>Great Location I booked through a travel agent who assured me that our room had a balcony and sea view, when we arrived and checked in (all the staff are cuban so helpful if you speak spanish!) we found when we got up to our room that it was the size of a matchbox and could just about see the sea with no balcony. I went down to the reception and ended up paying moe for a better room but I didn't mind as we ended up with a great room, lovely balcony and fantastic view of south beach. The pool area is cramped and as I'm not really a beach person i didn't want to venture out but...wow.. South Beach is straight out the back of the hotel with Carlos' Hut supplying loungers, a bar, umbrellas, all at a price..but what a great location. I spent everyday on South Beach watching the posers and loving it. In the evening its a nice walk up the boardwalk to go out for dinner and get into the nightlife. For the ladies like myself though, if you're out clubbing, get a cab, those heels won't make the 15-20 minute walk from the nightlife. To see the Art Deco its about a 20 minute walk in the day and really nice. The hotel is well kept and the buffet breakfast is fabulous, no matter how hung over i always made it down for breakfast!! all in all a good hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Budge_8
<Content>"Don't believe all you read!' If you read some of the reviews on this hotel you might have second thoughts about staying, but please don't be put off by the negative comments as this hotel is great and excellent value for money!We stayed at the Riu Florida Beach from 06 - 16 February 2008 (this was our second visit in just over one year to the hotel) and we could not fault a thing. The rooms have been recently refurbished and ours was clean and spacious. The breakfast was great with plenty of choice including fresh fruit, cereals, pastries and a selection of cooked items (bacon, eggs, sausages etc.) should you want them.The pool and garden areas were always clean and tidy and there are plently of sunbeds to relax on and soak up the sun. The pool itself is a good size and great for cooling yourself off, but I am not 100%sure whether it is heated - this is not a real issue if the temperature outside is in the high 70's or low 80's.From reading previous reviews you might think that some of the staff are rude, but during our stay we never came across anyone working at the hotel who was not courteous and polite. In fact all the staff (from reception, housekeeping, the waiters and the pool attendant) were very friendly indeed.OK, one of the lifts was out of action for most of our stay, but this did not really cause us any inconvenience even though our room was on the 9th floor - we just used the stairs. It was a good way to work off the breakfast in the morning. I understand if you are old, infirm or have young children this might cause difficulties, but most people are just lazy and given the option of walking or using a lift they would choose the lift all the time.The location of the hotel in my opinion is also great. It is not in the middle of the action, but close enough should you want to sample the famous Miami nightlife. Ocean Drive is a pleasant 40 minutes stroll away along the boardwalk and Lincoln Avenue approximately 30 minues. You can of course always use your car or take a taxi, but what is the point as you can hardly soak up the atmosphere by sitting is a air-conditioned box! The beach where the hotel is situated is wide, the sand is clean and unlike parts of the beach towards Ocean Drive it is not crowded. Having said that, the beach as a whole is excellent and great for walking on.Overall, I would recommend anyone to stay at the Riu Florida Beach Hotel. It might not be in everyones opinion Four Star, but I have certainly stayed in Five Star hotels around the world which do not come anywhere near the standard of accommodation and service offered by the Riu.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DerbyshireEvil_Homer
<Content>Excellent Hotel After reading lots of reviews for this hotel, we were dreading our 3 night stay here. This was the last part of our 2 week holiday in Florida and were worried it would ruin our entire holiday.We need not have been concerned!!Upon arrival, we were met by the valet parking man who was very polite and helpful. He took the car and parked it safely.Check in was smooth and easy and very helpful. We had never been to Miami before and didn't know where anything was. We were given a map and advised on where to eat out and drink. Ok, as the reviews say, only 1 lift works, but it wasn't a problem.The rooms are clean, the breakfast is superb (fresh made omelettes!!) and the pool is a lovely place to be...especially when you are drinking cocktails in the evening!!The hotel is right on South Beach, and it's about a 15 minute walk along the boardwalk to the main areas. Alternatively, there are loads of buses which cost $1.50.It may not be a 4* hotel, but I would certainly go there again  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mark9111
<Content>never again!!!! we have stayed in hotels all over the world and this had to be one of the worst. 4 stars, what a joke. Staff barely spoke English and bordered on rude. They clearly cater to a German and other European clientele and maybe the service and amenities suits them. I can't wait to give my travel agent a piece of my mind.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Aradia666
<Content>Much better than previous reviews I stayed for 4 nights in January 2008 and to be honest, after reading some reviews, was not that looking forward to it.I was very pleasantly surprised once I arrived. Our friends an I were greeted politely by the hotel receptionists. Yes there was only one lift working, but this was no matter really, and we were on the 8th floor. Our room was spacious, clean and tidy, and to be honest, I didn't go to Miami to watch the TV so was not bothered if we didn't have as many channels.There was a large choice for breakfast, eating outside was lovely, but we didn't stay in for evening meal as we had a car an utilized that to get out and about of an evening.The boardwalk behind the hotel to the beach was lovely to stroll along, with great views of Miami Beach.We managed to use the street parking instead of Valet Parking which was free from 6pm to 8am - so didn't use that service either.All in all - I would recommend the Riu. It is out of the way, and you do need a car if you want to get about, but it's certainly well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HolidayHal
<Content>Much better than most reviews portrayed Having read the multiple reviews, I was somewhat concerned about what awaited us at this hotel. However I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised by what we found.I will start with the negatives, all of which were minor. Firstly, yes, there is still only one lift working and if you have luggage then it is frustrating getting it up or down. But at other times, why not just take the stairs, particularly on the lower floors. We were on the 8th floor and frequently took the stairs. A bit of exercise is good for everyone afterall!I agree that the beds were not big enough for two people to share and the other gripe was not a hotel specific one but there did seem to be a number of Hispanic kids running the corridors at all hours. On the positive side, our room was lovely and our friends' room even bigger. The air conditioning was excellent and the beds were comfortable.The staff at reception I found extremely helpful and courteous and the breakfast was expansive and far better than other 4* hotels that we have stayed in, particularly the fruit and bread. Additionally, eating breakfast on the terrace looking over the lovely pool area was a great way to start each day.I will admit that you are a bit stuck for food choices if you don't have a car and agree with the previous reviewer who said to head for Tony Roma's. We did have a car and so didn't eat in the hotel other than breakfast so i can't comment on that.To the person who complained about no ESPN, I agree that I was surprised although it was nice to have 3 soccer channels for those of us that don't like to have our sport constantly punctuated by time outs every few minutes.If you have already booked to stay here and are worried about how you will experience the hotel, I would say not to be. There may be a few minor glitches but overall based on our experience, it was a really nice 4 days that we spent in the Riu  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DerbyshireMenace
<Content>riu florida beach just got back from riu florida beach miami florida thought i`d share a few things with you all 1st rated as 4*!!! don`t know where they get that from i`d rate as 3* at best for america u`d expect luxury with 4 *s not here want to know whyit`s not an american hotel chain i`ts spanish hence the high proportion of spanish/hispanic staff and customers the main features that are good include garden and pool areas, waiting staff in the dining room, particlarly sureyda, who was wonderful for the whole time we were there and general cleanliness in the hotel the lifts continue to be a problem one which is ancient but working and the other which will be new when it`s done remember the spanish ownership here!the food in the dining room was interesting breakfast chioces of salads, and what look like like re warmed meats from the previous dinner menu, which never changed by the way, strips of beef, chicken, and vegetables all on at breakfast? NO COFFEE OR TEA FACILITIES IN THE ROOMS 4*??? the beds are small by american standards not even queen size  no reps for other than german tourists in hotel. good location though and safe on boardwalk at all times of day and night. eat at tony romas in sunny isles nrth of miami and just down main rd from hotel italian precinct 19? name both very good also go on a duck tour good value got plenty of time? go to the keys for old colonial style.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ESMITH0614
<Content>RIU Mixed bag RIU in South Beach area has great locationl, pool, breakfast buffet and exercise room...Problem is that it a hotel totally tailored for Foreign tourists--Europe and Central America...no ESPN! but like 3 soccer channels--per idioy!..The towel man barely speaks English and is rude...as were the bar tenders outside by the pool...they also take on 15% tip every time you buy a beer--better off going to the Market on 29th street and save a ton of money...Still just one elevator working...the hallways smell like rotten carpet--the lobby is lovely but needs a bigger store and a coffe-and station  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SianLancashire
<Content>Not as bad as all these reviews make out! Just got back from 3 nights at this hotel. Was really worried when read all the negatives reviews, but in a way was pleasantly suprised when we get there.Ok, totally agree the whole place looks dated and needs a refurb, and the attitude of some staff is not what you would expect from Riu or a 4 star, however some good points too.Breakfast - fantastic. Excellent choice of lovely fresh food, ranging from fruit, yoghurt, cererals, fresh breads, juices, pancakes, french toast, fry up!Room - clean, spacious, but in need of a refurb.Pool - lovely, really spacious well kept area.Bar/lobby - needs a refurb, but clean and ok, and great cocktail menu!Parking - used valet service at $15 a day which was reasonable in comparison to rest of Florida prices.Location - a bit of a walk to Ocean Drive, but nice walk along beach during the day, and only $7 in a taxi at night.I probably would choose a hotel in a location closer to Ocean Drive/Lincoln Road next time, but wouldn't rule out Riu if there was a good deal to be had!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>busyloon
<Content>could have been better no Ohh dear. What can i say. I arrived at this hotel about 10.00am as i had just finished a cruise. The staff were less than helpful and informed me that my room was not ready and i was to early. i explained that i had just come from a cruise and i did not expect my room to be ready but i had no choice but to come to the hotel.Most of the time the staff spoke in spanish and did not see to care about me. Other guests were favoured much more than me. someone took my bags and i was left to wander around. About 3.00pm i went back to reception to see if i could check in. The service was a little better but not much. I was offered the 8th floor as she said they only had one lift working.When i got to the floor (lift very slow) i had no idea where i was going. I found my room after a few minutes however it had a very funny smell (like a damp smell) The bed was ok as was my bathroom. Breakfast was intresting. I had no idea what to do or where i was going. The food was ok but i stuck to the fresh fruit and yoghurt. Trying to make a pot of tea was nearly impossible the teapot lid did not fit and nothing seemed to be in the same place. The house keeping was fair but i am sure not everything was checked. The ice bucket was not emptied and the radio station had been changed on several occasions.(only minor but anoying)The pool area was nice and i had some nice snacks lunchtime in the alligator bar. The staff here were very fine but i did have to wait some time to be served. The location was fine and whilst it was not on the doorstep of lincon road and ocean drive the buses were good and cheap. On the way back they stopped right outside the hotel.All in all the best ting about the hotel was the two gentlemen in the shop. They really looked after me and went out of their way to help especially when booking trips.All in all i have stayed in a lot better. I know the hotel is at the cheaper end of the market but manners do no cost anthing no matter what country you come from. This should of been the second week of my honeymoon but we had to postpone out weding and i travelled on my own. I am glad my boyfried missed out on this part of the trip. Whilst i wll return to Miami i will not be staying here again unless things change!!! sorry  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>1foxyminx
<Content>Needs major updating       Love the deco NOT  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>TorontoMinded
<Content>Don't believe all the bad reviews, but don't believe Riu's 4 stars either My wife and I booked a room at a good rate at this property over the Christmas Holidays 2007. We were spooked by all the bad reviews, particularly because RECENT reviews are particulary consistent in their negative comments, but since our travel plans were extremely last-minute we booked an available OceanFront room here anyway.Despite its four-star claims, this property is clearly no more than a THREE star property- clean and in a decent location (see below), but with some real problems. Those prepared to put up with a few inconveniences won't mind their stay here. Those seeking a four star experience, or expecting a similar level of care or quality as you would find at other Riu properties should DEFINITELY look elsewhere.LOCATION: For us, perfect. A 20 minute walk down Collins Ave or the boardwalk along the beach. This is a quieter stretch of the main beach/hotel street. This was perfect for us, as the beach up at 31st is as beautiful as it is along Ocean Drive, and we appreciated the quietness. If you are headed to Miami Beach primarily for the clubs or the party (plenty of that to find here), I would recommend a Hotel along Collins or Ocean Drive, but at 15th street or Lower. (Addresses along Collins are easy, as they correspond to the numbered cross street closest to where you are staying. Our hotel was at 3101, so you know right away it's at Collins and 31st. The busy stretch of Miami Beach runs from 7th to 15th.) I personally would not recommend a hotel much farther north than the 30's if you are planning on walking the city.THE ROOM: We stayed on the fifth floor in an oceanview room. Nicely renovated, new furnishings in good condition. Other reviews have mentioned a bad smell. We noticed nothing but a standard hotel aroma. Room was clean, except for the beasties mentioned below.The Hotel is an L shape, and half of the so-called Ocean View rooms- those that run along the leg of the L that is perpendicular to the beach, would be better described as partial ocean view. I doubt that any rooms on floors lower than ours could see the ocean at all. Still, the pool area is lovely, green and gardened, with palm trees and a few slivers of ocean horizon peeking through, and the ocean side rooms have good size terraces that are clean and bright. No complaints, just don't expect the surf rolling right outside your window or anything like that.THERE IS STILL ONLY ONE ELEVATOR WORKING. BE PREPARED TO USE THE STAIRS OR WAIT AND WAIT AND WAIT.THE COCKROACHES: We killed FIVE in a three day stay. Not sure this is avoidable, but it always taints one's opinion of the room, yes?THE POOL: In small print in one information folder tucked in your drawer, you are warned that the pool is hyper-chlorinated every evening for cleaning, and is unsafe for use. We were told variously that this dangerous treatment happens at 6, 7:30, 8, 10 and never. Two problems with this: one, hard to feel cared for in a hotel that shuts its pool down before the sun is down (we would have enjoyed an evening swim) and TWO...THE STAFF: Believe the surplus of negative reviews on this subject... the staff at the Riu Miami Beach don't know anything about the pool, the area, the restaurant, their own hotel, and they clearly don't care to find out. This is the single-most irritating characteristic of this property. Not well-managed, and you certainly won't feel taken-care-of, much less pampered here. I can't imagine staying at this hotel for more than a single day without experiencing some frustration or annoyance at the staff here.In short, I would only recommend staying at this property if you get a very good deal and are fairly easy-going and easily-pleased. This Riu is certainly not worth a 4star price, although with a little patience for its flaws, we found it an enjoyable and reliable home-base for a quick trip to Miami Beach.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Ffoxylady
<Content>Awful Ruined Holiday Quite possibly the worst hotel we have stayed in. Staff rude put on the 8th floor which stunk of mould. Room smelt even worse. Room looked out onto derelict hotel next door. Found out hotel used for immigrants. Door fell of wardrobe. Toilet did not flush even after asking for repair six days days later unfixed. MOuld in bathroom. Valet parking rip off - LABEL PUT OVER RATES DURING CHRISTMAS SO THAT THEY COULD CHARGE MORE2500 visitors ONE LIFT OPERATIONAL - WHICH BROKE DOWN THREE TIMES - try moving golf clubs up and down 8 floors every day. Damp carpets - lobby gives off the wrong impression that the hotel is lavish - Seen cleaner zoos - So called four star hotel - WHAT A JOKE AVOID AT ALL COSTS - DONT WASTE YOUR MONEYBOOKED THROUGH VIRGIN - THEYVE HAD THE COMPLAINT ALREADY - RUINED OUR TWO WEEK HOLIDAY  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>TrippinCowboy
<Content>2 star posing as a 4, and failed miserably       Great View...and not much else  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	3	4	

<Author>tillypoppy
<Content>ok ish.... ok where do i start, stayed here mid dec o7, only for a few nights. when we arrived found it very odd, due to nobody really speaking english on the reception desk- strange as in the usa! Anyway once we got to our room,cant really fault this good size, clean and very good air con. was defo impressed with the room. However the lift to the room took forever!! as only one was working-and as for the stairs they looked like a fire exit stairwell. The beach on your doorstep was lovely, so were the gardens- and if you walk down the boardwalk outside the beach you can easily reach restaurants and bars. however do recommend a car if staying for a while.Unfortunatly when we arrived the swimming pool was out-of-bounds due to a repaint, which was slightly annoying(could of let us know before as that one reason why we picked this hotel)The breakfast that was included was ok, had everything we could think of for an american breakfast, but yet again no one really spoke english.which made it hard to get service.overall had an alright stay here-i would not stay here for a holiday but may for a night or so.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>sportingreview
<Content>Service Is Awful! Just left the Riu. They have two elevators and one of them has been broken for six months! We booked an oceanfront room and they gave us a room with no view. After getting the correct room which took 2 hours we headed down to the bar for a drink. They had 5 employees working at the bar but they were talking and playing games with each other and it took 30 minutes to get a cocktail. Everyone we talked to at the hotel was complaing about the service and the elevators. This is my third visit to this Riu and it will be my last. I only paid $70 per night and it wasn't worth $50.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	-1	2	

<Author>bilsim
<Content>More like a cheap European holiday I'm a huge fan of America and my trip to this hotel somewhat robbed me of my US fix. First of all, the people behind reception don't speak English very well whatsoever, sometimes I did had to pinch myself to remember I was in an English speaking country. The hotel has two very slow elevators and one of them is always broken, be it 1 or 2. The place itself is not actually that bad, the location is not within walking distance of anywhere, especially in the heat, so be prepared to fork out for taxis everywhere you go. I've noticed people complaining about a smell around the hotel, I diden't notice anyting, although the staff talk their time cleaning things up, a kid threw up in reception and it wasern't mopped for nearly an hour. The computers are also a waste of money, I seem to remember it was $7 for 30 minutes! It wasen't all THAT bad despite my review seeming pretty negative, but for a US hotel, it's not acceptable, you can do much better for the same price.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>CheeCheePepper
<Content>not recommended Well for starters only one elevator worked. The bell boy said this was going on for months and it will be at least 4 more months.The hotel rooms were nice. Bathroom and towels could be better. Lounge chairs for pool side in the morning could be hard to get. By the afternoon people clear out. The beach was nice but lounge chairs you have to pay for. This Riu is not like the Riu in Aruba, Cabos, or anywhere else so don't be fooled. Pool is small and needs renovating. The help isn't that great.The buffet inclusive breakfast was great I would get that.The lobby was beautiful but that's about it.The Marriot was next door and on the last day me and my husband discovered the Marriot. Seems a lot better.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>tnle
<Content>Great Beach We booked a 3 nites stay at the Riu after our Bahamas cruise. We wanted a place near the beach and also near South beach. We paid $180/nite. The beach and location was great. i cannot say much for the hotel. I agree with the other guest who said that the place did not get a renovation. It does seem that they just placed a bandaid over the problems.My biggest problem was the wet/mildewy smell of our room. We got a room on the top floor with a partial view of the ocean. The beds were nice and clean, but its hard to convince yourself that it actually is given the smell.Another problem was the single elevator. The other elevator is under renovation. We tried walking a few times but with 10 flights it gets tiresome.I wouldn't reccomend the bar food, very average. When we were hungry, we headed to the Palms next door. Excellent food!The great thing about the hotel is the location. The beach area is great for swimming. We took a taxi to southbeach since it's quite a walk. However the walk is good for a after dinner stroll and it only took us 35 minutes to get back to the hotel.I wouldn't stay here again unless there's been some major renovation.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Golduy
<Content>I like very much the people there. Very goog location. The people working on this hotel are very nice and very very kind.The rooms are very clean, the breakfast is great, the pool are is beutiful. The beach also is very nice. I recomend very much this hotel, the relation money-quality is very good. I will be back there on my next visit to Miami beach.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jbinns79
<Content>Nice Hotel - Rubbish Location Booked Hotel through Virgin, nice enough hotel paid $20 extra per night to upgrade to a seaview room, valet parking a nice touch but $14 a day. Pool and Bar nice but terrible location for anything else, in middle of nowhere, need a taxi to get to restaurants if you want a drink with your meal. Beach not as nice as gulf coast - for price would recomemend St Pete Beach as a lot nicer and cheaper - personally not worth what we paid. Stayed for 5 nights from 1 Oct 07.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>philnsue
<Content>We liked the Riu       View from balcony  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>svvt
<Content>Don't use the telephones to call home We arrived at the hotel at 4pm to find a short que. We were soon seen to by a very helpful lady called beau and ask for a room with a sea view and were given this for 20 dollars a night, a discount of 10 dollars per night on the usual price. Our room while small was lovely, it was on the top floor which I was also pleased about. The room had 2 double beds, not the most comfy but not the worse I have slept on. The air con was fantastic as was having a fridge in the room. Also the hair-dyer was brilliant by hotel standards. The pool area was very pretty however very very very busy, hense we never in our 2 week holiday took a dip. The beach was lovely regardless of what other people have said on this site its like being within a postcard. While it may have a little sea-weed in it (but what do people expect its the sea after all) it was lovely and warm and very blue. We ate dinner in the hotel on various occasions while not brilliant it was cheep enough. The lifts within the hotel were terrible. The staff used the same lifts for moving various bits of bedding about and god knows what. On more than 10 occasions there was only 1 lift working and myself and my partner had to walk the 10 floors to our room. Staffs attitudes were indifferent if not difficult on most occasions. You would be speaking to a member of staff about a subject then the member of staff would break of conversation and begin to have another additional conversation with thier colleague in another language, quite rude. We used the hotel phones every other day to ring home for no longer than 2 minutes at a time, DO NOT DO THIS!! upon checking out from the hotel we were landed with a bill of over 600 dollars yeah thats right 600 dollars. Now while monies not a real issue with me, being ripped off is. I didn't expect the telepgone bill to be cheep but not 600 plus dollars. I spoke to the manager and while she was understanding of the sitution and informed me that hotel phones are always expensive and I should have used an external pay phone, I paid in full. Note however that nowhere in the hotel is there a list of costs relating to telephone calls. Miami is awesome, don't eat on ocean drive AS ITS SOOO expensive and the food isnt that great, however do get a drink and people watch. Esponola way is brilliant, theres an awesome bar, as it B.E.D on washington the most amazing food. Thalula just off collins (not far from the hotel) is also awesome, the food is out of this world. We also ate at a chinesse on washington and that was brilliant too. We spent about 150 dollars on average on a 3 course meal with lots of drinks for two, good value. Oh and another tip we got take out twice to our room and on both occasions it was horrible, I can't remember what the first place was called but the second was called the big pink cafe and tasted like yuk! Also make sure if you are going to Miami you get a guide book we got two and they were invaluble. Also go to KEYWEST, its awesome, the other keys do not even come close. Stay at the southernmost on the beach and eat at lattitudes on sunset key, very very romantic and lovely. All in all amazing holiday and will be back to miami just not the riu and will definatley be back to keywest and the southernmost on the beach. PS - HIRE A CAR ITS A MUST!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jchristensen99
<Content>SEPT 07 Trip - Skip RIU - it will disappoint Just returned from 4 great days in MIA. Altough RIU was disappointing. I am a faithful Tripadvisor member for several years and I know that the hotel reviews are the most important service offered to travelers. So please take my suggestion, and skip RIU. With so many good hotels in MIA beach - no many negatives with this property.I will start with the positive. I would say the actual grounds reminds me of a 3 star Mexican resort - I like. Here are the negatives:wet/ mildew smelling roomhorrible elevator service - only 1 - very very slowValet - limited and very slowvery average foodMost of the hotel has been rehabed - just a band aid on something that should be tore down.Even if it turns out to be a vlalue (we got suckered), only use a hotel with Trip Advisor ratings above 4 stars.Good luck  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>rawaspecial
<Content>We expected something better We just returned from a holiday in Florida with one of the hotels being the RIU Florida Beach. After staying 6 nights at the Crowne Plaza Orlando Universal (which I can highly recommend!) and spending much less on the hotel room there we expected something alike as they also both have 4 stars. Boy, were we wrong! First impression: grand Lobby but shabby. Upon arrival we also discovered there was a 14 USD fee for valet parking. Check-in was smooth and quick since we had prepaid hotel vouchers. We asked for a room with ocean or partial ocean view and were told that this was not possible due to our rate!The elevators were absolutely past their times - extremely old and grimy  dirty carpets inside!!! When we left they had just begun to renovate them. But in my opinion they should also add at least one more elevator, as the hotel is quite big. We were given room 920 which is right across from the elevator on the 9th floor. It was a very big room with two beds but that was the only thing positive about it. It did not have the look of a four star hotel nor the look of having been renovated recently either - worn furniture and a shabby carpet. The window looked out unto the main street with an ugly, half torn down building across. The bathroom was quite small compared to the size of the room and it was made even smaller by the fact that the door to the bathroom could not be opened fully as it pushed against the sink!!! We have never seen anything like it!!! We complained  checked with the front desk and were then given a nicer room - 923, which also had partial ocean view. Then we went to the pool  beach. Pool area is very nice with enough beds, tables, chairs etc. The beach  sea were quite nice too - sometimes the water was a little dirty though with algae and trash swimming around, but I guess thats normal for a huge city like Miami. We slept quite well as beds are big and comfy but during next morning we were awakened by the elevator bells chimes we heard even from far around the corner! I cannot imagine what it would have been like in room 920!!! Later we went for the buffet breakfast, which was included in our stay and everyone else's too as the place was packed and very noisy! Breakfast included the usual fruit (4 kind), jams  spreads, toast  bread, cold cuts, cheese, french toast, pancakes, omeletts etc. A nice variety of almost everything and staff very courteous and fast setting up the tables. Luckily we went to the pool area not too late as all the nice, shaded areas were quickly taken, especially by people getting up early and leaving their towels there only to return much later - the old european towel trick. At lunch my kid ordered a hamburger with fries (9,92 USD) and a small (cordial) juice (8,68!!!). Never again as the fries tasted old and were not even hot and the juice was much too expensive! We never had any other food there except the included breakfast. Re the insects mentioned in previous reviews: I did find one or two ants in our room, but since it had a fridge this did not pose a problem. My husband  I did see one (live) cockroach in the buffet area during breakfast though, but in a hot climate this can be very common, and I am not squeamish. Would probably have caused a big fuss if I had shouted out loud that there is a cockroach... Needless to say, the negative facts outweigh the positive facts and I would not stay at the hotel ever again. We were very disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>southbeachgirl
<Content>Great Holiday. We have just returned from a two week stay at the Riu. The hotel is very clean and the staff are hard working. Everyone there ensured that our stay was pleasant. The location is fantastic, although maybe a little too far north. It is a not a long walk to SoBe but it is a hot one, so it's better to get a cab. The shops on Lincoln Road mall are very expensive, better to browse than buy, and the bars are dearer (apart from Van Dycke Cafe) we were bothered three times in five minutes to pay a tiny two drink bar bill at one place. The real placeto be is South beach, check out the News Cafe and people watch.We had two lovely rooms at the Riu, although not adjoining as requested. There is a lot of work going on in the general area but it is not too noisy. The whole area is being regenerated at the moment. Francois the pool guy is great, with a quirky sense of humour, just make sure you take care of the towel tokens!!Breakfast was great especially the freshly made omelettes and fried eggs (cold egg always lets down a buffet breakfast). Only one moan, breakfast is too European, catering mainly for Germans (who make up the main guest base), cold meats, grated carrot, onions and fish, sweetcorn and chicken - to go with the bacon and eggs!! No baked beans in sight - surprising as they are an American staple.Fantastic holiday, only spoiled by the rudeness of guests from one certain nation.Would definately go again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jaz109
<Content>Better than I expected.....lovely Hmmmm, don't listen to all of the reviews, because it is actually nice.I was expecting it to be awful but I was surprised, *Valet good value ($14), *Dont eat dinner at the hotel, too pricey for what you get, if your into takeaway you can order Pizza Hut or Dominos, or you could just drive down 5mins to lincoln rd were you will find loads of restraunts, or south beach!!!!*Lifts do take too long,*Beach is fabulous, right outside, *Pool is beautiful, *Breakfast too much to choose fromIt was my second time staying at the riu and I liked the new improvements much better than before, not damp or smelly.Staff were lovely except one very rude, abrupt, rude, rude, unprofessional woman called Monica, don't bother speak to her... other than that everyone else very friendly and helpful.Will stay again!!!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>elizi
<Content>the best holiday ever! after reading all those terrible reviews on the riu florida i was really worried that it would spoil our holiday, but it was nothing like what the reviews said, it was clean, the staff were friendly and helpful, and we thought it was very good value for money.the lifts did take a little while to come down but that is understandable as there is 10 floors, we took the stairs quite a lot and beat the lift by a few minutes!!!the floors are being re furbished from the top down, they were on the 4th when we left, and it is a massive improvement.the pool was clean and really nice, the beach looks idylic but the sand is not the best, go to bahamas for that! recommend that you hire a car so you can get about, miami is such a great place and we will definatley go back and we will stay at the riu again, definatley!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rg81
<Content>Great View Amazing view from the ocean-front rooms, definitely worth the extra money. Rooms were a little old but fairly clean. Breakfast was very good, lots of choices. Overall nothing fancy, but a fairly inexpensive hotel for the area. No major problems while staying here, I received the room I reserved and hotel staff was ok.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>SummerSR
<Content>Very happy with our stay... First let me say I have taken many vacations and this is the first time I've ever written a review. I felt compelled to do so because of all the outdated and/or horrible reviews the RIU has gotten.My family (me, my husband and 2 daughters ages 21  9) stayed in room804 (oceanfront) for 7 days at Easter time. The hotel was completely booked. We booked through a travel agency and got a great rate. I wasa little nervous because of the low rate....then reading some of the reviews I almost tried to cancel. Good thing I didn't because we had a great time. The hotel has 10 floors and 10 through 7 had been renovated at the time we were there. They said by June the whole hotel would be done. Not sure if it looked like that would happen. I heard someone say 4 was the only floor they allowed smoking. OK let's see...our room (804) was obviously just renovated....everything...carpet..bedding.. ceiling fan...furniture...drapes..bathroom...balcony tiles...were all brand new. We had 2 full sized beds..plenty of drawer space...large mirrored closet and a small table with 2 chairs. There was NO smell...no mildew and I neversaw a bug inside the property the whole time we were there. There wasa small fridge..basic hotel blow dryer...iron and ironing board in the room. There is a safe you can rent in the room for $2 a day. The TV was fine...had HBO/cable....also movies you can rent....I don't remember the exact price but it was expensive.The maid was very nice and efficient. She brought us extra towels and extra pillows when we asked.Check-in went OK.....we got there early and they got us a room 3 hours before the 4pm check-in time. The elevators were really one of the only things that were bad. They were slow and not too clean because we had to share them with the workers that were doing the construction. Which by the way we never heard. Also no noise coming from other rooms.I would say out of everyone staying there we were one of the few Americans.....mostly European...a mix of families and couples young  old.On the hotel restaurant...had we known what we know now we would have definitely tried to get a breakfast plan. It looked like many guests had breakfast included in their stay. There really aren't any restaurants right around the hotel....which for dinner was fine because we wanted to go down to Lincoln Road/Ocean Drive most nights....but in the morning when you need coffee immediately the hotel restaurant was the only real choice. And it was pretty good. It's $12 pp adults...$6 kids. (plus tax and tip) Full buffet.....chef there making omelets with whatever fillings you choose...pancakes...french toast...bacon..sausage..eggs...potatoes...fresh fruit...cereals...muffins..danish..yogart..cottage cheese...all kinds of breads...juices and of course unlimited coffee.The hotel grounds were very nice. The pool was clean and a decent size for Miami beach standards. We walked the boardwalk and looked at many other hotels and the RIU pool/lounge area looked great in comparison. The sand/beach was a little dirty.......just like most of the other beach areas we looked at from the south end on up. The water itself was VERY nice...clean and clear. One morning it was a little cloudy but we had bad thunderstorms all night. My older daughter bought snorkeling gear in a little shop about 3 blocks south of the hotel on Collins Ave. Because of the rocks that were there the water is calmer for the kids and there were tons of colorful fish around the rocks....lots of people were snorkeling. We were sorry we didn't bring one of those disposable under water cameras.The cab from Miami International airport was $32 plus tip. From the hotel down to Lincoln Road the cab rides were approx. $7 plus tip. There was also a bus that stopped right outside the hotel. (not sure of the cost, we never took it) You could also walk the boardwalk and get to the heart of SoBe in about 20 minutes. If you are looking for a hotel right in the middle of everything in SoBe then this isn't for you. Or if you are looking for a luxurious hotel where the staff pampers you...forget it...lol...for the most part they were pretty aloof. It really depended upon who was helping you....some really went out of their way to be nice and helpful and some had a yeah whatever attitude. The pool area bar....the food there was OK....burgers, sandwiches  fries were decent. Frozen drinks were great. What was really good was on Friday, Saturday  Sunday they barbecue. The guy doing it was very nice. He made some sort of marinated steak and beef, chicken or shrimp kabobs that were delicious!We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>unigirl
<Content>Some teething problems at the Riu       Hotel Riu Florida Beach lobby  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Sues-travels
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I was really worried about this hotel after reading some of the terrible reviews but was only booked for 3 days and thought I would chance it. We arrived early to be greeted by a very pleasant guy (Dave) and lady on reception, it was our anniversary and they congratulated us. We had a room on the top renovated level and could not fault it. We ate breakfast on the terrace each morning and there was a good choice with lots of healthy options. The pool area was excellent, nicely laid out with plants and trees and the loungers plentiful with beach towels provided daily. A few steps and you were on the beach. OK it was a walk to the main area but a very pleasant walk either on the beach or the boardwalk so no problem there either. All in all it was a lovely hotel - my son and his wife were staying at the Delano and paying mega money, we spent a day with them around their pool but to be honest I preferred ours. This was a surprising lovely start to a 16 day holiday throughout Florida.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Radders1
<Content>great hotel and great location Lovely clean and large rooms. Great location, Just walk through the pool area to get to a beautiful quiet beach. 20 minute beachside walk to ocean drive/south beach. Great buffet breakfast with great selection. (Pancakes were nice) Friendly and helpful staff. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jollyjilly
<Content>Hotel Was great This Hotel, I thought was great. Nice Breakfast Dinner Buffet's, Pool area nice with waitress's bringing you drinks, or if you prefer they will bring you cheap Cheesburgers/Salads. The only thing I did not like Was it's a International Hotel Chain so there was hardly anyone speaking English But we adapted to it. All the people at the hotel though were very helpful if we needed something ( Except for the one lady at the front counter..She was a bit rude) But the other people there Totally made it an enjoyable stay for us. We Definetly would stay there again! Overall Very happy.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ms_hummingbird
<Content>Very disappointing....newly renovated means still working on it! Yes, the lobby is great, but is that where you will spend your time? This hotel is under renovation, they started at the top and are working their way down, so get an upper floor. I complained about the early morning construction next door so they moved me to a room right above the floor they were working on! The walls are paper thin, a normal conversation can be heard through the walls. The only saving grace was the pool area and the beach. They do have plenty of lounge chairs and towels available. I did not notice any trash on the beach as someone reported. This hotel is 20 blocks north of Lincoln road. A cab ride will cost $10. I have stayed in Miami several times and am disappointed that I didn't book the Four Points or Marriott instead. This was a travel partner's choice based on their Cancun visits to Riu properties. The unrenovated floors are very shabby, chairs in room were dirty and the carpet is filthy. The 2 elevators are slow. If you don't care about the room and distance from buzz of south beach, the pool and beach are great. Get a balconey room to make it more bearable! There's a little Cuban market that sells espresso and cheap breakfasts 2 blocks up the boardwalk...the hotel coffee is bad and expensive...take the walk to start your day! We did not eat in the restaurant and the pool-side service wasn't bad.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>mcefao
<Content>The good and the bad! - 3 night stay in April After a terrible travel day - arriving 4 1/2 hours later than expected we made it to the hotel around 7pm on a Thursday. Lobby looks nice - check in went fairly smooth. Got to the room and it was warm but figured we came from cold to warm climate and maybe they had not turned up air. Did a little unpacking - went to the dinner buffet at hotel (was ok but not great) - did a little walking around beach - back to room. Room still warm but so tired we go to bed - wait up soaking wet from sweat around 2am- no air - and room is an oven. Call down to front desk - they send up a security guard that was no help. Next day had to wait till 9:30 am to see a manager - No other rooms available - but manager was very nice - said they would take care of us - to check back later - they tried to fix air but were not able to. So we got another room - on same floor - much better room - with balcony facing pool and ocean (other room had no balcony and view of building next door!) They also sent us a bottle of champagne and some fruit that night. Alot of construction going on in hotel - alot of workers taking elevators - very dirty - very slow elevators! Location was ok - nice boardwalk to walk along beach area. Can follow this to another walkway all the way to almost end of South beach area. It's a long long walk but very pleasant.Pool area was nice also - small pool but nicely setup. Bartenders at pool bar very slow - but we had sandwiches there and they where good and prices where reasonable.Would go to Miami again but would probably stay closer to South Beach where all the shops/restaurants are.Lincoln rd(ave?) was worth a visit - great shops - alot of nice places to eat - had dinner at outside restaurant - be careful - girl had purse stolen from her - she didn't notice someone had taken it when she had left it by her leg when sitting at table.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maaxx
<Content>Great Hotel!!!       Pool area  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>absterdj
<Content>Riu? Schmiu. I tend to research my sunny trips away thoroughly, and sadly missed the warnings for this property. What a disappointment. We were offered a room without a bath (actually a disabled room) and when we stated we werent happy with the arrangement, they gave us the key for the room directly above the constant roadworks and told there werent any others. Aside from the hotel being tatty and tired, the rude, unhelpful and uninterested guest relations staff made you feel guilty for being on holiday. You are not made to feel like a guest in any form of the word. More of a hinderance. Miami is one of our favourite holiday towns in the world and have visited and stayed in many different properties, many times, and the RIU was by far, the worst, possibly ever. Even if you see a great deal for this hotel, think again as your money can be better spent. If its your first time to wonderful Miami DONT BOOK this hotel as it WILL ruin your impression of a great city. Dont let it happen! Miami roks.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CJFROMNJ2006
<Content>The Most Disgusting Hotel Ever! Stay Away First let me start off by saying that I am not a picky person when it comes to travel. As long as the room is clean, there is a place to lay out in the sun and there is a bar I'm good! That's all I ask for. Well, let me tell you- this is the dirtiest, most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in! When we first arrived I thought hmmm the lobby is nice, there are palm trees all around, there is a bar, I'm gonna have a great vacation. Check in took literally 45 minutes!! And I was only second in line! So Ok no problem, no big deal...we finally get the room key and go to the elevator...1 was broken and the other one had 15 people waiting to get on....that one ended up being stuck between floors so we had to carry all our luggage up 4 flights of stairs sweating our butts off. NO BELL BOY! Ok no problem, I brushed that off. We got to our rooms and the smell smacked me in the face as soon as we open the door...dank musty, moldy, smokey rotten smell. I asked for another room, there were none so they say, so now we are stuck there. I opened up the door to the balcony and the curtains were brown with smoke residue!! Yuck. We go out on the balcony and notice that you can't even leave the door open or unlocked because your balcony litterally touches the persons balcony next to you, with only a 4 foot wall seperating it, so anyone could hop over it and get on your balcony and go in your room. Didn't like that, but whatever.So we got changed and headed to the pool. Dirty green disgusting small pool, like the size that would be in your backyard. So we said OK lets forget the pool and head to the beach. This is where I finally had enough of this disgusting hotel!!The beach was littered with dirty baby diapers, tampons, empty bottles, rocks, seaweed, glass, you name it it was on that beach!So now I have a dirty filthy room, no elevator, no beach to lay out on, no pool because it was a peatree dish for bacteria! The only thing good was the nice bartender at the pool bar. He was sweet and made good drinks! Spend a little more and go somewhere else in Miami. Trust the bad reviews here they ARE telling the truth! This is the worst vacation I ever had. And by the way this hotel is away from EVERYTHING! You have to take a cab every where. I ended up renting a car.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rettie
<Content>Stop Slagging the Riu We spent our honeymoon in 1980 in this hotel when it was called the Sans Souci, came back in 2005 for our Silver Wedding.Found the hotel had greatly improved over the years, loved the lobby and all the changes Riu had made to what had been a very dated but beautiful hotel. I too had read the mixed reviews but glad we took the plunge and stayed here.  The pool back in 1980, was very large with a diving board, no shade, just lots of loungers, just loved the thoughtful planning of the pool area and all the lovely shade available when the sun got too hot. If you were unlucky and hadn't grabbed a shady spot,  when the pool attendant thought you were beginning to look fried he attentively came over and put up an umbrella. Didn't find the towel thing a problem, this is how it works in most hotels I have stayed in in the States where towels are supplied.The staff were brilliant, very friendly and even gave us flowers  a cake on our anniversary. Breakfast was wonderful, sitting out on the verandah even on the edge of a hurricane, the staff did their best to keep the area open.Although I would have preferred a front room we had a side room with a view of the ocean, it was very clean and compared well with other hotels we have stayed in in Miami.Would certainly go backSure there isn't much in the area except other hotels but if you want the bright lights and bars of SoBe stay down there. We always rent a car in Miami and use valet parking so finding nice places to eat is never a problem. The only thing I missed in 2005 was not being able to go to Ma Flynn's Pub under the hotel next door, used to be a good safe haven away from the daily thungerstorms!As for the area looking a bit run down, if you want run down, look back at the early '80s and how bad SoBe was, It was a SCARY place back then.Having come to Miami for 27 yrs, I have found that each area goes in cycles, when the renovations in this area are done, it will look nice but this will then show up other areas and so the cycle continues.Sorry for the rant will be checking out the Riu myself this summer.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>benz22
<Content>"Not professional management" I stayed at the RIU the last time I visited Miami. While there, a hurricane came through. Because of the large amounts of water, my room flooded, as did many others. My room was on the top floor and the ceiling leaked badly. The hotel was sold out and I could not move to another room. They did have one room available, but it was leaking as well.I spoke to the manager, Joanna Turmo, about my room. She offered to, take care of my parking during my stay. She also told me to call her the next time I was visiting Miami and that she would,take care of me.Although my room was damaged(ceiling leaking and carpet flooded) I agreed with the offer and continued my stay at the hotel. Here is my problem: I do realize that they had no control over the heavy rains from the hurricane, I have no problems with that. However, what makes me angry is that when I try to contact the manager, Joanna Turmo, she will not take my calls, or return my calls. As I said earlier, she offered to, take care of me, the next time I visited Miami.So, if you ever have a bad experience at this hotel and they promise you something, you better get it in writing because Joanna Turmo will not come to the phone. The staff will tell you she is in a meeting or is not in the hotel.I have tried to call Joanna on two occassions that I visited/planned to visit Miami.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>P'line
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights and it was good value for money (buffet breakfast included). However, there is a strange smell in the corridors. Our room was fine but fairly basic. The Hotel is quite a way from the main Art Deco area of Miami. If arriving by car you should use the Valet Parking - just draw up in front of the Hotel and hand over your keys.It was nice to have breakfast on the verandah which overlooks the swimming pool and the beach.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>orangebluebird
<Content>OK Hotel, Bad Location Not a bad hotel, good value, the rooms are quite a nice size and were clean. Nice big windows, so the rooms were lovely and light. And the pool was lovely - as warm as a bath!!! We did have a massive cockroach in our room one night, but I suppose that can't be helped!! We also noticed the strange smell other people have commeted on, which I think was just stale smoke coming from the smoking rooms. Not very nice though.I thought the breakfast was pretty dire to be honest. The cooked stuff was very greasy, whilst the fruit was a mixture of tinned and just very bitter fresh! It was free which is the most positive thing you can say about it!!!Lovely location right on the beach. That is the only good thing about the location though. Don't believe what the Virgin brochure says about lots of restaurats within walking distance - the only restaurants within walking distance are in other hotels - there is literally nothing else! South Beach is about a 25 minute walk in one direction, but that is a long way to walk at night, especially with a full belly, and very limited parking if you drive there. i would recommend that if you want to eat drive to (its too far to walk) Sunny Isles where there were endless restarants. Actually - i would just stay in Sunny Isles, there were plenty of nice looking hotels!! If you just want to lay on the beach and eat in the hotel then you will be fine here.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TraceyBirmingham
<Content>Very Enjoyable I stayed at this hotel with my partner and we both found the stay very pleasant. The lobby is quite big and open, as with other guests we too had long waiting times for the lifts but some people were very unreasonable about it, shouting at staff if they had to wait more than 30 seconds! The choice for breakfast was outstanding, everything from full english breakfasts to fruit and yoghurt and cereal. Eat as much as you like as it is a buffet service. We only ate once in the restaurant for dinner but, as with the breakfast, it is a buffet service but well worth it.The decor is a bit dated, it kind of reminds me of my grandparents bedroom! The rooms are spacious and our room had 2 large beds. The choice of TV channels was good, the balcony was huge and we had a magnificent sea view.On one particular day we decided to have a lie-in and forgot to put the 'do not disturb' sign on the door, the cleaner did not knock, she just walked in, she did try her best to apologise in broken english though.We found the staff at the hotel to be extremely friendly and helpful, willing to give us info on where to go and where to stay away from. One member of staff gave us a take away menu so that we could order food to our hotel room after the restaurant closed as there wasn't anywhere else to get food nearby. I would definately stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awesommmmmeee
<Content>SuperBowl Disaster! A large group of my coworkers and I arranged to stay here during the 2007 SuperBowl. First off, the lobby is pretty nice, but everything else is pretty much dated and has an odd smell. If you're looking for up-to-date amenities, I suggest you look elsewhere. Secondly, there's no internet in any of the guest rooms. There's wireless in the lobby, but this poses a problem when taking work-related calls in the lobby of a busy hotel. Not very professional background noise! The pool area is ok, but the towels they give out are old and rough, and there is no hot tub/jacuzzi. There's a hotel bar, but it closes at midnight, which makes for a hard time to go out, considering the next closest bar is at least an 11 block walk, since you're so far off from everything. As far as meal options are concerned, the hotel offers breakfast, but I wouldn't be able to tell you how it is, considering the reastaurant literally closes at 10 am, and does not reopen until dinner, at 6:30 pm. For those of you who like to sleep in after a late night, good luck getting food. There's a bodega about three blocks away, and your only other meal option within 10 blocks is a mediocre Italian restaurant 5 blocks away. Literally, that's about all there is in the area. During my 6 night stay, I spent a total of $180 on cabs, just going to the beach and restaurants. Luckily, I can expense these charges, but if you're on vacation, these are coming out of your pocket. I reccommend staying elsewhere that might be a little more expensive, but at least you'll be saving yourself the hassle of having to catch a cab anytime you want to do anything.The view also left much to be desired, considering it was a very large view of an impressive concrete wall and pillar. A coworker two doors down had a better view-about half of the window, if he leaned forward, was of the water. Unfortunately, I wasn't so lucky. Finally, the elevators are an issue, too. There's only two for a 10-story hotel, so you spend quite a lot of time waiting. There are no clearly marked stairways, so even if you only want to go one flight up or down, you have to wait for an elevator. Wear comfortable shoes.Last time I was here, I stayed at a cute boutique place on Ocean Drive for actually $10 less per night, and it was far superior. Definitely keep looking if you'd like to enjoy your vacation-this hotel is not where you want to go!Side note: The staff, while mostly native Spanish-speakers, were actually very helpful and pleasant. Unfortunately, they do not make up for a poorly-thought out hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	4	1	

<Author>JS-7
<Content>Bad When we first arrived they put us in a room that the interior balcony wall was broken off and the floor was soaking wet. It smelled like mildew. We had to switch rooms. There was only one employee that was actually nice. The rest of the staff was really rude like we were putting them out. The decor in the hotel lobby looked nice but the rooms had really old floral decorations that looked like they had been there since the hotel opened. However, the breakfast buffet is excellent  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>JoeMscotland
<Content>Riu Good Value Stayed at RIu for 5 days over the 2007 new year period.Staff very friendlyRooms did not have sea view but otherwise good. Food good value evening meal recommend special buffet - eat as much as you wan't Breakfast great. However, resturant lacks a atmosphere at night. Nice outdoor pool areaParking - use 24hr valet at $14/day. No stressLocation 2 mile walk to Ocean Drive but O/K to walkI was a bit worried after reading some reviews, however, pleasently suprised for budget hotel good value. Would return.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>kramva
<Content>RIU - why does the hotel smell like a wet dog? Stayed at the RIU for a weekend while attending a wedding at a different (and much much better) property. I'll let the words of my cousin in-law who, is seven years old fire the first shot: speaking to her father while getting of the elevator: Daddy, why does this hotel smell like a wet dog?The RIU Florida Beach is one of the worst hotels I have personally paid money to stay in. The staff was not helpful in any way, the location is poor -there is nothing around the hotel - south beach is at least a 20 block walk, the rooms are wet, dirty and very dated. Check in and Check out was long and confusing. Staff spoke limited english. The on-site food is very poor - reminded me of my freshman dorm food. Elevators did not work correctly. We generally had to push the up botton to get an elevator to come up to the 8th floor because the down button did not work all the time. Now for the positives - the beach outside the hotel seemed nice and the pool area is average.I find it difficult to believe that this hotel is rated #25 out of 104 in miami. The hotel owners must be posting fake entries. Save yourself the pain and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>spencerf
<Content>Great hotel. Loved it!! This hotel was fantastic! We had to stay here because the hotel we were staying at previously was going to be more expensive. They gave us a rate that was so low including breakfast. The front desk is friendly and helpful. They have a pool and kiddie pool. The only thing we didn't like was that there was no hot tub. They had a good gift shop and concierge. The hotel was directly on the beach. The restaurant was good and reasonable. The rooms all have balconies and view of the beach. The rooms are pretty big and are really nice. The hotel has its own driver that is pretty reasonable. I would definately go back here and reccomend it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mclaryn
<Content>Robbed at the Riu I was robbed at this hotel from an employee! I stayed at this hotel for four nights before continuing my trip in Key West. What had happened was I used a credit card for my deposit, standard proceedure. Whats interesting is that I have never used this particular card before, I actually received the card two days before my departure. I gave the card to the receptionist for the deposit, while I was still at the hotel my credit card company called asking if I had recently used the card. I explained I had just used it for a deposit hold on my hotel room at the RIU. They then told me thats why they were calling my card had recent transactions to Steve Maddens shoes and Godiva chocolates for a total of $6000. Thats a lot of shoes and chocolates! I contacted management and they told me they were going to check their tapes and find out who had access to my credit card info. Keep in mind to this point the only people who had seen the card were my self and the hotel receptionist. They never got back to me. To this day, I have never really pressed the issue due to my credit card company being on top of the ball. However the issue remains how many people has this happened to in the past, and they never knew who had stolen their credit card information?  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BEC1992
<Content>Worst Hotel. Ever. We arrived at the Riu for a family affair. We planned to stay there for a week. However, we cut our stay short and changed hotels right after the wedding - the hotel was that bad. It took them 4 hours to get us our already reserved rooms, the fire alarm went off constantly, it took them 3 hours to get our lunch which was cold, the towel renting process is ridiculous, there was no room service, the sheets and carpet were stained, the TV didn't work, in a relative's room the water was brown, and above all the service was horrible. The front desk was snobby and ignored us, and didn't try to do anything to help us. As a matter of fact, all of the staff was quite rude. If you're going to South Beach, don't even bother considering this hotel. Stay at the Palms next door - that's where the affair was and everything there was very nice. Or, stay at the Sheraton up the block.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>devilmebettie
<Content>Loved the Riu The RIU was great. The front desk staff is friendly and helpful. I though the rooms were a tad outdated but it wasn't something to complain about. It was almost good because you KNEW you were in miami with the pink and green decor. I did not think the beds were hard like most people were saying. In fact, it had a very soft mattress cover. I found the room and bathroom to be spotless. I did not have a problem with any fire alarms like one reviewer had. The pool area is THE BEST! Gorgeous. Cute little tiki bar out back. The buffett breakfast was not good. We only ate there once and did not go back. The location is not the best, but it is a short cab ride to the action. The hotel is directly on the beach and boardwalk which was wonderful. The hotel does not have a airport shuttle which it needs desperately. DO NOT TAKE SUPER SHUTTLE FROM THE AIRPORT! GET A TAXI OR A PRIVATE TRANSFER BY LIMO. Super shuttle took absolutely forever. We had to wait at the airport for 20 minutes for the shuttle to arrive, stop at every arriving terminal, stop at every hotel, it was horrible.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ROSCO77
<Content>We Have Been For Our Honeymoon Very nice hotel and very nice staff. 5 minutes by bus or taxy from ocean drive and jackson road etc Just on the beach! Room clean and spacious. They had given us a nice present for our Honeymoon  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>DonClipper
<Content>Fire station or hotel??? I stayed in this hotel together with my girlfriend for 14 days. Our first impression was good and the rooms were old but clean. Our room was located at the highest floor.Already after a couple of days went the fire alarm off around 5:00AM, this stopped after a minute and after I opened the door I saw fellow guests halfnaked swearing to the personel; it was a hoax. Can happen...Couple of days later, the same sound... another fire alarm, again, we left the room right away and again personel met us half way and told us it was false. This happened one more time.On the day we were checking out, we were packing our suitcases when the same ol' familiar alarm went off again. As we didn't want to take any risks, we grabbed our pasports and tickets and together with the other guests we rushed down. When we arrived in the lobby, personel told us that is was false again... We also had a flooding toilet and when the guy came to fix it, he was quite rude and left without saying anything... Quite some personel had a didn't speak English, others very limited. The breakfast was good, and the location was perfect!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>luckyto13
<Content>Food Poison at the Riu My experience was unreal. The hotel hasseled me and my collegues about our reservation, claiming that we owed them an incredible amount of extra fees ($360). Later that same day I ate a salad with blue cheese dressing at their pool side cafe; bad idea. I wound up in the hospital for the entire evening with dehydration and vomiting as a result of food poison. My collegues attempted to contact the manager of the hotel to explain the situation. The manager threatened us with a lawyer. All in all, I was completely unimpressed by their lack of professionalism and humanity. The word accomodation does not come to mind when I think of my stay. Case in point: five minutes where I was collapsed on the floor of the hotel lobby vomiting and not one single employee came to my aid. Accomodating? I think not.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nibbles
<Content>Fantastic staff - Great for a few nights We stayed here for a couple of nights , 1 pre and one post-cruise. The hotel is dated, as some guests have stated, this is particularly evident in the bedrooms eg single-glazed windows, doors showing some wear and tear and the location isn't ideal to be right on top of the actionHowever, the rooms were large and clean and adequately furnished and it's right on the beach with a man-made breakwater providing an ideal swimming area. The public rooms and pool area are all kept in excellent condition and the breakfast buffet was particularly good (and included in the price). The free WiFi in the lobby was a useful extra for those with their own laptops.Our pre-night cruise was spent in a room on the side with single-glazed window which meant that noise from the street was evident and I would think that those rooms facing onto Collins may have a problem. For our post-cruise night we requested a beach front room with balcony and were lucky to get a corner room with windows on 2 walls and a very spacious balcony (at no extra cost).The boardwalk between the hotel and the beach provided a nice stroll down to Lincoln (where we found lots of bars and restaurants) - around 20 mins walk. Whilst the area around the hotel is a little run down, many of the hotels around the area are currently undergoing refurb and within a year or two I expect the area will be very stylish, much like the area further south.What particularly struck me about this place was the friendliness of the staff - without exception every one of them provided excellent, caring service. Interestingly enough, most of the clientele seemed to be European, perhaps because the hotel is owned by a European company.I would definitely stay here again if I could guarantee a beach-view room.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jd4590
<Content>Hated the Riu in Miami I read the hotel review through expedia and travelocity. They gave its a 4 1/2 stars on their rating so I thought it is a good place to stay. I didn't know my nightmare started when I walked into the lobby. I checked into the room after waited for the front desk who was busy talking on the phone with her friend. They gave me a room with 2 double beds when I had requested a 1 king bed. It was a smoking room. After agreed to pay extra $20/per night to change to a better room. The new room was so stink, and I also found bugs bed. The wall is so thin that I could hear the man next door blowing his nose and snored through out the night. Before I checked out, they gave me a bill without itemized. I took a good ten minutes to go through the bill. The water bottle in the mini bar which listed for $2.50, they charged me $3.00. Parking is $12/per, they charged me for 5 days instead of 3. I was so happy to check out the hotel, and would never come. I told everyone I known not to book Riu Florida Beach.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>GGHG
<Content>Great hotel, Great location! Me and my partner stayed at the Riu for 10 nights in August, after reading the reviews before we went i was a little worried about the hotel, But as soon as i got there my worries were gone. Almost everything was great, especially the pool area and how close it was to the beach. The location was great too only a 20 min walk to south beach, great when venturing out for a meal or a night out. The only thing i can say could be better are the rooms, they are a little old, but they were always clean so that didn't bother me. The staff are friendly, while we were there there was a tropical storm, so we had to stay indoors for a couple of days, as soon as the sun was back the staff had everything ready and we were sunbathing within an hour.I loved Miami, make sure you go to the Florida Keys as well it's a great day out. I can't wait to get back there.Hope everyone enjoys it as much as i did, have a great time!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>hessenlady
<Content>Rooms are in desparate need of renovation !! The location of the hotel is good! It麓s not in the middle of all the spring break party animals and low budget tourists. If you麓re traveling with children or elder people, you麓ve got a pretty good location here. The beach is only a few steps away !Unfortunatly, the building is very old and in need of renovation; especially the bathrooms. I must say that our room was always clean but there was mold and mildew in the bathroom, on the balcony and the carpet in the room always smelled moist..... Of course this is a problem with almost every hotel that is located directly on the beach; due to the high humidity and salt water. However, I think that in order for RIU to keep up its good name, and stay competitive with the other hotels in the area, this hotel needs to be renovated - ASAP!!The breakfast buffet was very large and very good! The pool and pool bar were also very nice! The staff was very kind and helpful!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Seanjl
<Content>Good Hotel, Average Location We were looking for a hotel for a single night before joining our cruise and found ourselves at the Riu Florida Beach. We had mixed feelings about the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was comfortable, and the breakfast was excellent, and it does back onto the beach. But, the location leaves a lot to be desired. You aren't too close to the main sights and sounds of Miami Beach, although to be fair they are a reasonable walk, or a $10-15 taxi ride away.Although only there for one night, we met people who were on a return visit, so it obviously appeals to some.If our stay had been for a week, I think that we would have been disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jewelsoftravel
<Content>would stay again We stayed at this hotel September 2-5, 2006. I found it to be a nice upper-moderate hotel. It definitely has an international feel....the staff are from all over the world. Nice big marble lobby, which the staff constantly keeps clean. Valet is about your only option for parking, unless you snag a street spot - don't hold your breath. We were fortunate to get an oceanfront room with balcony. The room was what you'd expect from a moderate. The beds were quite hard (like you'd find in Mexico). My only complaint here was that the dresser drawers had a very powerful musty/old smell to them, so I just didn't use it. They use the old style safes, where they give you the lock/key. Be sure not to over-pack the safe or the lock will stick. We were very pleased with the location and the beach. We were relatively close to South Beach. We only had breakfast at the hotel one morning, but I was totally satisfied with the choices. They had an omelet station, egg - any way you want, among other options. We never stuck around in the evening, but we did notice that they had some sort of entertainment most nights. They offer internet services for a fee, but luckily you purchase how much you want - and can log in and out at will until used up. All in all, we were pleased with our stay. Yeah, maybe the decor could be updated, but you come to Florida to see the sights - not your room.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>galvestonboys
<Content>Great Value at the RIU       Cool 1950's Lobby  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Trek8000
<Content>Great Experience Satyed two nights in August before heading out on a cruise. The hotel was full of friendly people willing to help. The pool and beach area were great. The rooms were clean (sure they could use a face lift but they were clean with the right amenities) and the airconditioning worked well.A most enjoyable experience!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shelter
<Content>Room just average, bad location We spent 2 nights here in July 2006. The room was small and smelly, little bathroom with a stained bathtub. The pool area looked nice and the ocean view was great but the beach just ok.Parking was 12 dollars a night. We tried the dinner breakfast (22 dollars), it was pleasant but you have no choice at all in this part of town (the hotel is located on Collins Avenue at 31st Street, restaurants are all closed and we didn't feel safe walking down Collins Ave searching for dinner, no more Denny's as written before nor Subway).  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>edcba
<Content>for the basics "and some" stay here my girl and i just literally walked into this one...we were looking for a miami beach hotel ---having already been somewhre else in FLA.....3100 block of Collins Ave was mod-busy area...(rent car if u don't like to walk much)....ok hotel/location even if u do like to walk.......the lobby is rather nice and inviting.....the staff was extra nice and they even offered a free 30 minute room to shower in after our check out....we had an ocean front room.....the room was very clean...bed was comfie....pool is small, but area is nice...beach was quiet but water was dirty (sandy) in this area....breakfast buffet was GREAT and no xtra charge....negatives: light blue paint in rooms feels '60's/'70ish....i guess it was to go w'the sky/beach-blue....wifi was down (but i got signal from next door hotel at times, jaccuzi was inop....beach too sandy....for treatment/price/location/cleanliness, this was an Hotel Riu is ideal....  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>tropical_travels
<Content>one night stand Old hotel in need of a facelift. Not up to RIU standards. Rooms are run down. This area of town is run down. No place to eat unless you take a cab or eat at the hotel. Breakfast is $15 per person. Denny's next door is now closed. Rooms are old and in need of restoration. Pool is small. Beach is not the best. Do not confuse with South Beach, you need to take a cab to South Beach. Not bad for a one night stay as a layover for a cruise (as we did) but I would not stay here for an entire vacation.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>TexasSheriff
<Content>Not the best but not the worst My wife, 17 yr. old daughter and I stayed here on 06-22-2006 and 06-23-2006. The hotels nice but the room had a musty stale odor. The pool area and beach area were great. During our stay, there was quite abit of seaweed but this is not our normal experience in Miami. The beaches are usually pretty clean and clear. Ocean Dr. was great again and the beach at Ocean Dr. is a muct see. We have stayed at the Riu in Cancun and in Florida. Cancun was great all around, but for the price, the pool and the beach at Riu in Florida it was pretty good. If your a really nit picky person spend more money and go get a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>there's nothing wrong with this hotel! we've just returned from our honeymoon, and the riu florida beach was the last destination on our trip which also included vegas and mexico. Yeah, this hotel wasnt as good as the hotels we stayed in in those places, but it was still absolutely fine. i dont think the people writing all the bad reviews on this site bothered to check it out before hand. either that or they just like to moan. the hotel has a nice big lobby, and the rooms are perfectly ok. maybe could do with a bit of redecoration but not because they are dirty, just a bit dated. the pool area is lovely, as it the pool bar. The breakfast buffet is everything you could ask for and more, and the hotel staff were nothing but nice to us, giving us directions, telling us about which tours to do, and letting us use another room to shower in after we had checked out of our room on our last day, for free. i've stayed in plenty of hotels where they have made you pay for this. there are obviously beeter hotels to stay in in miami, but not for this price. there is a boadwalk at the back of the hotel (which is right on the beach) where you can walk all the way down to south beach. this takes about 40 minutes, but with gorgeous beach and sea views all the way, whats the hurry?! Ocean drive and the art deco district are not to be missed, especially at night. Lincoln road is also worth a visit, about 25-30mins walk from the hotel, its a nice pedestrainised street with shops and loads of places to eat. On the whole Miami is a great city, and this hotel has everything you need. we'll definatley be back.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mtnstreamdream
<Content>not my favorite place After reading many reviews my daughter and I made reservations at the RIU for our Miami vacation. I was disappointed. The beach was dirty, lined with trash and seawood. I would think the staff would clean up the beach every morning like they do at other places I've stayed. It only takes a few minutes, but makes a world of difference. The walls were so thin, if anyone is staying in rooms on either side, you can hear every sound they make. One morning the neighbor had checked out but left their 6 am alarm on. It rang for 15 minutes before anyone came up after a call to the desk to shut it off. Mostly I was upset because they don't have a coffee maker in the room, or any complimentary cups. I had to go to the bar in the evenings for a small china cup of $2.15 coffee, and the dining room in the mornings. The buffets at the hotel are expensive and there aren't any clean places to eat within walking distance. The balcony isn't private at all. If you sit on your balcony, you can see the people on each side of you and clearly hear the conversations. Valet parking is $12 a day. I'd prefer to park my own car anyway, but wasn't given that option. I won't go back, although Miami is a beautiful city and has lots of interesting things to do, I just had to stay away from the hotel as much as possible! Oh, the people played in the pool all night, and once again, with the thin walls, that's all you could hear...no calming ocean waves.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Speukes
<Content>How did this become a 4 star hotel? We stayed 4 nights at this hotel, and we regret it. It's just not worth the money.Our room had no balcony, and we missed that a lot. It was comparable with a motel room: stains in the bath, dirty windows that we couldn't get opened, no fridge, ... The image of our TV was often disturbed, caused by a bad cable. It reported this at the reception. When we came back to our room, we noticed someone had looked at it, but nothing was replaced so our TV stayed unreliable for the next 4 days.The staff is (like the majority of Miami Beach) native Spanish speaking. They have problems speaking English, I have problems speaking English (and we don't know a single word Spanish), so communications were often difficult.Housekeeping was knocking on our door at 8.15 a.m.. Some people like to sleep when they're having a holiday.When we arrived with our rental car, we were almost forced to park it in the valet parking. I returned the car to the rental company half an hour later. At check-out, we received a 4 x $12 check for the 4 nights our car would had been in the valet parking... I explained our situation, and we were promised we wouldn't have to pay it (I'm curious...)Internet in the lobby is expensive and rather slow ($4 for 15 minutes, $7 for 30 minutes). There's a internet shop between 28th and 29th Street asking half of that price, with doubled speed. There's also a nice Cuban restaurant in that block.Ocean Drive and Lincoln Road Mall are an hour away if you choose to walk. You can take the bus to Lincoln Road, that bus stop is a few steps from the hotel. The bus to Aventura Mall stops right in front of the hotel. Sure, it's not all bad at this hotel: the swimming pool and pool bar are nice. And honestly: the breakfast-buffet was the best we ever had in a hotel. It was also the only hotel in our Florida-trip that gave something (champagne and fruit) because of our honeymoon.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of dirty rooms, horrible staff, and PARKING TICKETS Riu hotel is not worth the hassle in my opinion. We arrived to the hotel on May 5th 2006 to find that the staff hardly spoke English and the personnel at the front desk were less than hospitable and very impatient. Upon arriving to our room we found that the bathroom was not cleaned and there were stains throughout the room. Attempting to overlook the horrible room we decided to open the curtains and sit on the balcony to enjoy the OCEAN VIEW ROOM only to find out that the curtains did not work and we had to climb through them to get to the patio. After a restless night of sleep on the most uncomfortable bed we walk up to find water dripping on our heads. Taking a moment to try and understand what is actually happening, water starts to POUR from the ceiling. We raced down to the front desk and the staff refuse to direct us to a Manager. They then said to us, well what do you want us to do? Come to find out they informed the General Manager of the issue and she tried to sneak past us to view the room without ever having to deal with us. We ran after her and found that she had let herself in along with the repair people without giving any notice. I explained to her that I was extremely dissatisfied with the condition of the room and did not feel the price of the room was at all accurate. She proceed to inform me that the price does not only include the room but the electricity and other expenses to run a hotel along with the service. I felt extremely insulted by this statement especially considering the service at the hotel was not by any means up to par. The GM then agreed to give us a minimal discount and reluctantly agreed to move us to a different room but we would have to wait several hours until they cleaned a different room. Lucky for us we were only there for the weekend. Once Sunday came we checked out first thing to try and enjoy the few hours we had left in Florida.A month after returning I received a notice in the mail that I had a parking ticket. Reviewing the ticket I realized my car was supposed to be parked in the hotel's Valet parking during this time! It also appeared that they removed the ticket from the car before returning the car to us hoping we would not find out. I tried to address this issue with the hotel and the operated told me that there were no managers working? Are they joking no managers working in the whole hotel. I am still trying to recoup my money for the ticket...Do not ruin your vacation by staying at Riu Florida beach hotel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>will never stay here again My boyfriend and I just returned from Miami last week. We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and 5 days. I truly do not recommend this hotel for future vacationers. We arrived at the Riu on a Sunday morning. They luckily had a room for us ready when we got there. So we both carried our bags up to the 5th floor to find out that the room key/card didn't work. Come to find out, it wasn't the key, someone was already in that room. After inserting the card/key numerous times, the door majically opened to another person occupying the room. So we dragged our luggage back down to the main lobby where we waited for the front desk to find us another room. And you guessed it, they had another room. So again, my boyfriend and I dragged our luggage back up to now the 7th floor. Keep in mind, we paid for and requested an Oceanview and non-smoking room. Good news... the key worked. Bad news... it was a smoking room. And it wasn't an oceanview room. So I called down to the front desk and said that I requested a nonsmoking room and an oceanview room. They said that this was the only room they had available and that we should wait for a couple hours to see what comes available. So we waited a couple of hours and I called inbetween to check, while getting transfered to numerous people whom didn't have any idea who I was or what was going on. Finally, a knock on the door! A gentleman from the front desk coming to take us and our luggage to yet another room. This room was nice and was nonsmoking and had an oceanview. So after 1/2 of our day was wasted we ventured out to get something to eat. (The hotel does not have room service either.) Eating there is another experience. They only offer breakfast and dinner. Breakfast is served for 2.5 hours: from 7:30 until 10am. It is $12 a person and they charge 11% tax. Believe me, there are much nicer, better, cheaper places to eat breakfast in Miami. Dinner is served for yet again only 2.5 hours: from 6:30 until 9pm. We didn't even consider eating there. The beach/pool. The pool was ok. Kinda dirty and the towels were very rough. Speaking of rough towels... bring your own! The towels in the rooms were horribly rough and small. The beach was nice, kinda dirty, and yet again they were charging more $ to rent chairs or an umbrella. We already paid to stay here and if you want to sit in a chair they charge you $6 per chair and $8 for an umbrella. And don't even think about renting a car unless you want to spend $12 a day for the hotel to park it for you. We had to rent a car, especially because the hotel is 15 blocks from everything. Luckily, we found free street parking because we weren't giving the hotel any more of our money. We will never stay there again. Don't let the pictures fool you. Its a dump.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lilyanjelina
<Content>hotel fine area naff Hotel showing some age but pleasant enough. Excellent breakfast.Biggest problem is locality. IT HAS GONE SHUT DOWN. You won't find anywhere to eat unless you walk for over half an hour not easy in the heat. Bar prices VERY high. clean pool/ lovely beach and sea great for swimming.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here - There Are Thieves About!! I stayed here with my boyfriend for 3 nights after spending 10 days in Orlando for my 30th birthday. Luckily we had a fantastic time in Orlando. We found the Riu hotel dirty - stains on the seats and bed in our room, windows rusty and hard to open, and the room could have done with a lick of paint and some plaster work, bascially it was in need of being knocked down and rebuilt (or is that too harsh?!). The lobby is very nice but you dont spend your whole time in the lobby! The bar staff overcharged us for our meal (should have been $14 but charged us $23), hardly anyone speaks English properly (including most of the tv channels). But what really was the icing on the cake was the last day - I texted my aunty to see if my grandmother was out of hospital and left the phone on the bedside table. We went to the pool for 3 hours to get the most out of the last day and when I got back it was gone. We looked through all that we had packed, stripped the room but the phone was nowhere. I went to reception and reported it stolen - the staff were most unhelpful and suggested I had packed it. I called my number and it went to answermachine and I knew I had left it on so I could get a message back about my grandmother. They called housekeeping and the maid said she had opened the door to see that the room was occupied and then left, and the only mobile she saw was on the round table. Now the round table was at the back of the room so to see that phone (which was my boyfriend's phone) she must have come right in the room. How could she say there was only one mobile in the room - did she always scan a room for mobiles when she enters it???!! The staff suggested I go home and unpack and call again should it not be in my case. I couldn't do much else as we would have missed our flight. Anyway, once home and unpacked I called back to say I definitely didnt have it and I know it was taken, I was met with they couldnt do anything further and that it wasnt their problem!! So, do not stay in this hotel if you want a good holiday, but if you do not take my advice and do stay WATCH YOUR THINGS as they mysteriously disappear - you have been warned!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Sofia513
<Content>Double bed problem I was planning a trip for a getaway trip by myself, when I realized that this hotel only offers rooms with double beds. This is definitely not a place for singles! Why pay for something that you are definitely NOT going to use?? Thank God for Tripadvisor or I would have been very dissapointed.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the RIU Me and my girlfriends book this hotel thru our travel agent, the hotel was very nice.. And if you like to walk down to all the action then this is the hotel for you.. You can also catch a cab back and fourth, which would only be abut $8... The only two bad things I have to say about this hotel is the walls are kind of thin.. And we did see a big bug the first night.. But I guess I screemed so loud that the bug left.. But other then that, the room was clean the staff was very nice.. There is a nice Cuban resturant down the street that we ate at every morning.. And the food was great... I would stay there again.. We where not in all the crazy acthing.. But we where close enough to get down there..  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, showing it's age We stayed at the Riu between 9th May - 16th May. The hotel itself is lovely for a 3 star hotel. The hotel staff were just so wonderful - especially Ozbel, who must have an extra mention! We asked about upgrading our room to an ocean view on arrival as we couldnt book through our agent. This was no trouble at all, and he also arranged for a bottle of champagne  a fruit platter to be sent to our room as we were celebrating our 12th anniversary. Our room had a fantastic view of the beach and overlooked the pool area. The room itself could do with spruceing up, but again, this is a 3 star hotel, not the Ritz! The beds were a little too hard for us, and smaller than the average American double, we thought. There is no tea/coffee facilities which is a shame, as there is no room service and breakfast does not open till 7.30am sharp - not a minute before! There is a mini bar though! The area surrounding the hotel does seem to be a bit 'run down'. There could be some regeneration work going on, as there is an awful lot of buiding work going on (just next door, The Saxony seems to be in the process of being rebuilt) Although Google Earth shows a Dennys restaurant nearby, this is now closed. In fact, all the shops on that parade are closed with the possible exception of a moped shop - it was impossible to tell, as it looked closed, but there was a chained up moped in the window! However there is a small 'supermarket' (or corner shop / grocer shop) on the corner, just past the Saxony. Bar prices are as you would expect - hotel prices. I would have loved to have given this hotel 5 out of 5 but just a few points prevented that. However, as I've said, for a 3* hotel, you really cant go wrong as long as you expect 3*!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great and beautifull stay Stayed in the Riu Florida Beach for two weeks (8-20) with my girlfriend and just loved it. We had a room on the 9th floor (910) non-smoking with an oceanview. Despite some of the bad reviews of this hotel we went for it and didn't experience any of the problems from the past reviews. Here are our + and - points we experienced during our stay in RFB.+ POINTS- The food was great and normal priced- Excellent pool with service (sometimes hard to find a place in busy times) - Friendly staff (and they all do speak english)- Spacious and clean room, a lot of fun channels on the tv, good shower beam, excellent  oceanview- Good cleaning of the rooms- Two busstops in front of the hotel (1.50 pp all the way) (5 min lincon road 8 min ocean  drive)- Supermarkt (small) nearby - Super easy acces to the beach (which isn't busy)- POINTS- Drinks were a bit overpriced but ok (get you're drinks out the vending machine)- Elevators are slow and to few elevators on busy times- The direct surrounding of the hotel is a bit abbanded (especcialy at night), all the fun is  just a few min away with the busTIPS- Always take a oceanview or aoceanfront room it is well worth the extra money. We have seen a normal room it that was pretty at all, not just the view but also the room itself- If you are a non-smoker always take a non-smoking room, the smell on the floors with smoking rooms is just awful.- When you have to check -out (12:00) at have to wait a lot of hours for you plain to leave, ask for the complemtary shower room. Then you can still swim some hours and take a quick shower before you're picked up for the airport.- Sign up for the free Riu-card [-] and you might get a beter service if you hand it over if you check in (and a free fruit basket).  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Throw your money away instead We were there May 13 through May 16 and the service was the worst!!!The windows were rusted shut - maybe this is how all of Miami is - not sure it was our first time. They charge you for tips without telling you. The drink we received at the pool bar was about 3 ounces and the menu showed the price as $3.00 but we were charged $5.00. The pool closes at 7:30 each evening so there was no swimming. The Palms next door seemed really nice with activities going on at night. Go to Key Largo instead!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great and wonderfull Hotel       Look from the balcony  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Angel57
<Content>Great stay My family and I stayed here for 3 nights on arriving in Florida. We found the hotel to be clean and comfortable and we even had a partial view of the sea. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was really good and set us up for the day. We walked to South Beach each day along the Boardwalk and walked back in the evening along the street. Although there were a few seedy areas along the walk back we never felt unsafe or threatened. We did the Duck Tour which was fun, however they did not cover the whole route as indicated on their leaflet, and most of the time was spent on the water looking at celebrity homes. If you are from the UK like us, most of them won't mean much to you. It is a fun trip though.The best place we ate was Joe Allen's. It was a little off the beaten track (junction of Dade Boulevard and Purdy Ave) but the food, service and atmosphere were great!Arranged to pick our Dollar hire car up from the Eden Roc hotel for 9.00am, we eventually got it at 11.00am! It didn't matter to us as we weren't in a hurry but there were a lot of frustrated people waiting there, so be warned.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! My roommate and I stayed here for spring break this March. When we got there we had to confirm our room and give them our birthdays, when the staff member checking us in found out that the next day was my birthday he immediately gave us a beautiful ocean front room. Also, the next day there was a fruit basket with a card from the manager wishing me a happy birthday. The room was clean and the staff was wonderful. The pool area is great as well, so relaxing! It's only a short walk to the heart of South Beach too. I would stay at the Riu again anytime!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Andersonfamily3
<Content>Riu a very nice place to stay! My husband, 12 year old daughter and I just returned from Miami Beach, staying at the Riu for 6 nights. We enjoyed our entire stay at this hotel. We had a long day of traveling and it took 2 hrs to get from the heart of the Art Deco district down to the hotel. (We quickly learned other routes and bypassed the heart of the partying). When we got to our room (which was suppose to be an oceanfront room), opened the patio door and was looking at the side of the Palms Hotel. Went down to the desk and without hesitation, Wilbert took us up to a different room that looked directly out on the pool and ocean. Wilbert was nothing but kind and always smiling. The rooms were clean, the pool was awesome and the staff were very friendly. We personally liked that it was down several blocks from all the hub-bub. The boardwalk was great and we took several walks. The Outback steak house is a short walk and had very friendly staff as well.For next year's spring break, we are actually checking into one of the Riu's all-inclusive resorts. We are certain that they are as top-notched as the Riu in Miami.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MSkinner
<Content>Okay, but... Just got back from the RIU in South Beach, Miami. We stayed there for 2 days prior to our cruise (Mar 9  10th).The amenities were pretty good, and the rooms not bad. Not great, but not bad. I can only assume that they're still cleaning up from the past hurricane season, so I'll give them a little leeway.We had an ocean view room, 7th floor, and had a great view of the beach, ocean, and pool area. The beds were hard as a rock, as were the pillows (the pillows were about 2 inches thick - no cushion). Staff were generally friendly, but spoke very little English. We could barely understand the guy when we checked in, and all the forms we signed were in another language. And when you ordered a drink, for example, the bartender would acknowledge you  then start speaking in another language to his buddies behind the bar. They could be talking about the weather or about your wife - I don't know. But it's kind of rude. And yes, I know RIU is a European hotel chain, and most guests  employees speak spanish, but there should be at least SOME english there - it still is the USA's official language, is it not?The hotel isn't in the best section of South Beach - very few stores, no restaurants nearby, and a little rundown neighbourhood. But the touristy section is only a couple minute taxi ride away. And it is on the beach - a real beautiful section of beach and boardwalk, actually.Overall, not really worth the price. Definitely would not stay here again if I was in the Miami / South Beach area.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deantravel
<Content>Perfect, except...       Felt like a king  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYCTraveler60
<Content>A Mixed Bag at the Riu Florida Beach I stayed at the Riu for 6 nights in mid-February 2006 with my husband, 2 teenage sons and my parents. It was a mixed experience. We were very tired our first evening, and decided to eat dinner at the lobby bar. It took an hour and forty minutes for our food to arrive! Our waitress never explained the long wait and never apologized (maybe because, as in most Miami restaurants, the tip is included in the bill). My parents were given a peculiar room near the elevator that was half the size of the other rooms in the hotel. The television did not work. When they asked to be transferred, they were told that there were no other rooms available at the hotel for the next several days. They continued to ask every day, and were finally moved to a lovely, oceanview room with a balcony on the 4th night. There was no extra charge for the new room. I agree with earlier reviewers that the location is not ideal. There are very few restaurants within walking distance, although we did enjoy the Cuban restaurant 2 blocks south and the Italian restaurant in the Marriott, which is about 7 blocks north. We arrived just after a cold spell, and the unheated pool was really too cold to swim in for the first several days of our stay. It finally heated up to a reasonable temperature toward the end of our stay.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Stayed at this hotel March 2-7 2006. Upon checking in we were very early arriving around noon. Check in is not until 3pm. We were not even expecting to get in, but one of the girls at the front desk said that our room was ready. The staff was very friendly and the hotel is older, but beautiful. There were 4, 25 yr old girls who stayed in the room and getting ready wasn't even horrible. We never ran out of hot water and there was enough room everywhere for 4 girls things! We had an ocean view room which is way worth to get. The balcony overlooks the pool and the beach. It's breathtaking! The pool is very nice and there are many chairs around. You need to get out there pretty early to get one. There are chairs available on the beach also. For this hotel the price is cheap and it is worth every penny. The food is ok, basic hotel food. They have food at the pool bar sandwiches and salads and then for dinner there is a buffet. There are many good restaurants around and in short distance. Everything is within walking distance or a 10 min cab drive almost anywhere in South Beach. Best restaurant China Grille on Washington Ave. Best meal I have ever had! Had a wonderful stay at the Riu and will definitely be back!!!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MarieMontreal
<Content>Below standard even for at a discounted price Arrived early February with spouse and two children ages 10 and 11.Check in was disappointing as extra fees were charged to us on the spot for bringing along our two children at the last minute. All rooms are two double beds already, an extra two towels should not incurred 20$ per night incremental charges. When asking to speak to the management, management chose to ignore the problem and made no attempt to justify or smooth the situation over, seemed indifferent. Breakfast at the buffet was decent, bar snacks and drinks were good. Pool was not heated, and extremely cold during a brief cold spell, would not hurt to heat it like other hotels. Located about 17 blocks from the main action at SOBE, quite the hike - worth a cab at least one way. Well maintained exterior, but sub-standard interior.Overall below standard, would not stay here again alhough we all enjoyed Miami and south beach area.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jokerji
<Content>Best deal in South Beach area.... I would definitely go there if I get a chance....I got a great deal at the Riu through an internet booking - cheaper than the rest of them and thought I should give Riu a try. It was amazing.. Breakfast buffet was too good (much better than any Dennys). There was a chef who made you omelets and anything else you could want. The best part was it was FREE!! You can't beat that, right?Even though the rooms were old  worn out, we didn't care much 'coz we were outside most of the time. The cabana's and the pool were awesome. They have one of the best beachfronts, right on the boardwalk (for people watching etc.)  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jhalsey
<Content>Loved the Riu We stayed for four nights at the RIU. Beautiful hotel. The staff is very nice. For the price it was a steal for the ocean view rooms. Would have been nice to have a queen size bed instead of two double beds but this is a minor complaint. Overall, very nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>finny-7
<Content>Great hotel and good value for money       pool bar area at 6am  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChernMan
<Content>Good price for Miami Beach, but not a great hotel My wife and I just returned from a two night stay at the Riu. As far as Miami Beach goes, the price was reasonable. It's not in the best area, but it's not too far from South Beach - walked there and back a couple of times. The breakfast buffet was plentiful, but not great (had better breakfasts at Dennys). The views are nice (we had an oceanview room) and the pool area was good, but there are definitely some deficiencies. First, the hotel only has rooms with two double beds - no queens, no kings. Perhaps our room was an anomaly, but I don't think I've slept in a more uncomfortable bed. Rock hard and pillows so flat, two of them stacked were still smaller than a typical hotel pillow. Third, the walls are paper thin. We had a very poor sleep both nights because we could hear the people in the rooms next to us and above us, every time a door opened anywhere on the floor and the elevators (even though we were about five rooms down from the elevator alcove). Overall, a moderately attractive outside package with sub-Motel 6 inside comfort. We definitely wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MartinAdrogu茅
<Content>Great place, great service We were very satisfied with Riu Florida Beach. It is not one of those glamorous hotels in South Beach, but it is a really confortable place to stay, with lots of advantages. It has a superb lobby, and the staff is friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast is very complete and there is a great variety of food to chose from. The pool area is also charming, and it has direct access to the beach, as the hotel is on the beachline. The rooms are enormous, but the decoration is too caribbean. Anyway I麓ve no complains about them. The beds are very confortable and the bathrooms are spacious too.The location is very good, though the neighbourhood is not the best of Miami Beach. The good point is that it is easy to get there from everywhere. If you have a car it will be very convenient and they also have a valet parking to make your life easier.The Riu is a great place to stay and I would undoubtedly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place Me and my friend spent 9 days in Miami Beach and at the Riu.As we walked in our room, we were amazed!There was 2 double beds and since in New York City,that's where we previously were, we had less than a king size bed TO SHARE, we were impressed and happy!Then we loved everything about Riu:the pool, the breakfast, the view of the Ocean,the staff always nice..Just a small thing..it's not so close to Ocean Drive or Lincoln Road but if you take a taxi,they're not expensive at all!!!Definetely would recommend this Hotel and hope to get back.SimonJohn,Venice,Italy  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the price The room was fine and smelled a bit of new paint but nothing unpleasant. We didnt spend much time in the room, because you are right on the beach and can walk to most places. The valet parking is great and only costs $10/night. Overall, we thought is was a good hotel for the ~$110/night price and would definately stay again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it very much This hotel certiainly is not the most luxurious hotel in Miami Beach, but it is a very nice place to stay. The ocean view rooms have awesome views; as good as anywhere on Miami Beach. The hotel is a little dated, but it still looks nice. The pool area is great and the beach in front of the hotel is awesome. It seemed like there were many European guests here when we stayed. The breakfast buffet is fantastic. Not a short walk to anything, but short cab rides to places to eat, drink, shop, and party. If you are looking for a relatively affordable place that is near all the excitement, but that is in a quieter part of Miami Beach, this is a good place.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - Beautiful view We stayed at the Riu for one day, after a cruise, to extend our vacation. When I booked the hotel, I wasn鈥檛 sure what to expect. It was wonderful! I wish we would have spent our whole vacation there. The view from our balcony was gorgeous, and we spent the whole evening watching the boats go by. We didn鈥檛 eat on site because there is so much nearby, so I can鈥檛 say how the food was. We can only take so many hours of sun, so having the boardwalk and shops within walking distance, was perfect for us. We would absolutely stay there again. I just hope it can be for more than one day.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pamelaroad
<Content>We absolutely loved this hotel! fantastic value, extrodinary tropical property          view from the private walkway to the beach  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ceomhar
<Content>Ok hotel It was an average hotel. The room was large and clean but needs updating. The pool was beautiful and it was right on the beach. Valet parking was $10. The Staff were very friendly and professional.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Service even during a hurricane My family just returned from Miami where we were stranded during Hurricane Wilma. I can't say enough good things about the hotel and its staff. There was a hotel full of people, all of us nervous and afraid. The staff was more than wonderful. They made sure everyone had the breakfast buffet during the hurricane itself (the buffet that is wonderful under normal circumstances and was still wonderful without power) as well as packing a sack lunch for all of the hotel guests, including a sandwich, fruit and bottled water...free of charge. The staff was more than helpful for all of us who were stranded in Miami without flights home. They were courtous and upbeat and calming. We were more than impressed with the hotel when we first arrived under the best of conditiions and are in awe with the service under the worst of conditions.The hotel itself is very pretty with a wonderful pool area. The rooms are spacious, clean and very pretty. The housekeeping staff were wonderful, friendly and more than helpful. My only issue with the entire staff was the pool staff. He was frequently rude and inconsiderate. That aside, we couldn't have asked for a nicer hotel on the beach with an incredibly helpful staff!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pedro
<Content>good choice My wife and I stayed at the Riu Florida Beach for one week in July. I'm glad I read the good reviews posted here, we had a great time at this hotel. However, I have one suggestion: Pay the extra money for an ocean view room. It makes a HUGE difference. Not only because of the view, but even more important, you won't get the noise from Collins Avenue. The cheaper rooms face the street and the hotel does not have double-glazed windows.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nomad_Nortman
<Content>What a really great family hotel       Dining room  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tammyjake
<Content>More than we ever expected       View of pool from ocean view room  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CAUTION!!!! THIEVES I took a vacation with my family on Aug 19 we check in at the RIU Hotel located at 3101 Coliins Ave. On August 22nd at 7:30pm I noticed that my wallet was missing from my bag in my hotel room. After searching the entire room to see if maybe it was misplaced I realized that indeed the wallet was stolen from the room. I reported this immediately to the hotel manager. She informed me that she could not do anything about this matter until the morning crew arrived the following day. She also said that she would call the police and report the incident. The following morning I was called to the general manager's office to discuss what steps would be taken to investigate my stolen purse. She proceeded to run the key pad to my room door through their computer system. This would show all entrances that were made to the room at a specific time. The computer system showed that a service employee entered the room at 4:50 pm earlier that that day. She also noted that this was not a schedule cleaning visit. This was also 10 minutes before my mom came back to our room. I then asked the manager to call the police so that I can report this matter. This was only at my request. The police came and took my report of what happened. Ten minutes after the police left which was 20 minutes before we were leaving to come back to New York, the manager and 2 employees showed up in the lobby where my family and I were seated. The manager had my wallet in her hand, saying that they found the wallet behind a magazine rack in the room. What a coincidence!!! I think not!!!. How is it possible that my wallet mysteriously showed up right before I was leaving? I checked my wallet and all my credit cards and my daughter's diamond earrings were present, however my $200 US dollars was gone. I was so disgusted by this whole incident. I never thought that something like this would happen to me. I know you should be aware of your surroundings and belongings when staying at a hotel, but you also stay at these hotels with the expectation of being safe and secure. It just goes to show that you CANNOT TRUST ANYONE.!Protect yourself at all times. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR MONEY, JEWELERY, PERSONAL DOCUMENTS OUT IN THE OPEN WHEN STAYING AT HOTELS. SincerelyLESSON WELL LEARNT!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bartekwusa
<Content>Great hotel, will definitaly stay in RIU again:-)       View from the 6th floor  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's just a good place!!       Florida Sun  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>truesaint
<Content>Cannot complain about a thing!! (just inspect your car when you leave)       A lovely setting!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HappytravelHudsonWi
<Content>Nice place  We stayed at the Riu for 4 nights  5 days. The staff was very nice. We had breakfast a the hotel every morning which was very nice. There was a lot of chooses  you could have your eggs made any way we wanted. We only had dinner there once,  that was also very good. Our room was ocean veiw  was very nice, the room was a little mustly smelling, not not to bad. We just opened the door to the deck. The pool area also nice  we could walk to the beach if you wanted. The boardwalk was also a plus you could walk on the boardwalk instead of the beach. Our flight did not leave until 8:00 pm, the hotel said we could stay the day  just leave our luggage in a room up front  they would let us used a room to shower up in when we wanted to leave(at No charge). If you like to walk it was very nice, parking was hard to find. We left the car at the hotel most of the time, unless we were traveling a big distance. If we go back to South Beach, yes I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>notalamb
<Content>This is a good hotel - don't believe the knockers I agree with reviewer who said that anyone who had a problem with this hotel, has a problem themselves. The rooms were clean, and the service was fine. It is very Spanish speaking, it is Spanish owned but all of Miami is as well.The hotel reception is a beautiful area. They looked after the fabulous pool very well. Usual scrabble for beds in the morning, especially as there are a lot of people from the new Pope's country. The beach was in front, simply walk out of the pool area onto the boardwalk and the very clean beach is there. Only downside was that there were few restaurants within walking distance, but with the taxi fare to Art Deco district or Lincoln Road Mall being $6, who cares. This is no wild hotel, go to South Beach for that, and it isn't four star but you aren't paying $200 per night. If you are looking for a nice place in Miami Beach, this is it. This opinion is from a family of Brits who holiday around the world all the time. We know bad when we see it and this place really is OK. I gave it 5 stars to counterbalnce the absurd 1 stars other reviewers have unfairly given. I really rate it a 4 star on the Trip Advisor scale.If you want to know more feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the bad reviews Our family of four stayed at the Riu the week after Easter, March 28 through April 3, 2005. After reading some of the reviews, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very nice, friendly staff, large lobby, the room was clean, although a little cramped since all four of us were in one room. The pool and beach were beautiful. If you have a car you are only five minutes from the South Beach strip. One block from the hotel is a neat little food store/restaurant called Nehmer's (sp?) that has great coffee and pastries, breakfast, lunch and dinner. For the price, which was very reasonable, you cannot beat the Riu Florida Beach. We would DEFINITELY recommend it and stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ManchesterUKTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel Cannot quite believe all the negative readings of this hotel. Yes, it does need a little TLC, but it is an older hotel, the lobby is lovely and spacious, the grounds are great as well, and you can walk along the boardwalks in either direction at night, overlooking the sea. You have to be quick to get a poolside lounger, but doesn't that happen all over the world !!! ....we decided to pay the $5 for a lounger on the beach, which was great. The snack bar by the pool do nice food during the day, and we had dinner twice in the hotel ($20 for a buffet - but you get to eat as much as you can), great food - we enjoyed it anyway !!! We did have quite abit of noise from the road (as our room overlooked the entrance), but it didn't stop us having 10 hours sleep each night !!! Would of probably liked the Hotel to be nearer the action on South Beach, but you pay extra for that, and it can also be quite noiser there. If you drive, the only problem you have is trying to park, but you'll always find somewhere. Valet parking was OK at $9 per night.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>citigorich
<Content>Relaxing Retreat Stayed at the Riu from 3/30 to 4/2... Just got back. I used Trip Advisor for research prior to leaving and here is my summary: Many guests are European, but everyone, American and non blend in well here. The breakfast should be worked into your price of the room - we found the best bargaining with the hotel directly and not the internet travel companies. Grounds were clean and spectacular. Beach was relaxing and water was gorgeous. Staff at the front-desk was friendly - especially the men working there, while the women seemed a tad reserved. The bartenders in and outside were great. Entertainment was worth listening to. Room was updated, balcony was large (but not private), however had an odor - we used nutriair freshner for the room - perhaps something can be done here asap (rug or vent cleanings) - the rooms have poor ventilation (no exhaust fans or screen doors on the balcony). Valet - never had to wait to get the car. Proximity - close to everything, 10 blocks from southbeach and the road to 95 access, and 1 block to the bus. Tips: Bring an air freshner, make friends with the Europeans/South Americans/Americans, get to know your bar tenders/towel staff (Francois)/maid/beach chair guy, 2 blocks south is a discount store with news papers/pool/variety goods and should be used, tip everyone, buy drinks off premises, use breakfast meats and bread for lunch meals, travel to Bayside and take in the free entertainment, listen to the hotel entertainment, dance, have fun.We will be back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>blaze4fun
<Content>Not bad for older Miami Beach properties Stayed at the Riu in March, 2005. The hotel lobby is nice, and the location is desirable - right on the beach. Given that I got a better rate on this hotel than other similar hotels were going for, I was happy with the situation. But it's a 3-star hotel at most. Much of the area has older properties, so it may be unfair to give it a lower rating. And the staff was nice. So I would recommend it if you get it at the same price or lower for similar area hotels. Otherwise, you may be bitterly disappointed if you overpay.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore all the bad reviews. My wife and I just spent three days at the Riu Florida Beach, and I can honestly say to all review readers, definitely ignore all the negative reviews you read about this hotel. Most negative reviews are written by negative-type personalities that find fault with everything that comes into their lives, and in fact their negativity is what draws problems to them. Veteran hotel and service employees can sense this a mile away, and it ultimately affects how they treat you.The hotel has an honest three star rating, and is European flavored through and through. If you want 4 or 5 star, then book it, but this one at three stars is clean, reasonably modern, and presents well. If you want everything perfectly painted, carpetted, decorated, then stick to 5 star hotels, and their prices. 90% of the guests, or what seemed like 90%, were German, French, Italian, etc. The lobby is large and picturesque, the service is good if you smile first, the food is fine (breakfast was included with our room), the pool area is great, and access to the beach and boardwalk is right there. You can take this boardwalk all the way to South Beach if you wanted to.We had booked an oceanfront room, non-smoking, with king size bed, but at check-in we were politely offered a corner room, much larger, but smoking, and after inspection with eyes and nose, we accepted their standard oceanfront non-smoking room. It was bright, clean, and had a great view of the pool, and ocean. We were very comfortable, and had no complaints.The hotel fronts right on Collins Avenue, so the entrance-way seems less than hilton-like, but once into the lobby, everything scales up nicely.The front desk staff were friendly, and all spoke English more or less.The sign said Valet parking $9 per day, but we used it, and were not charged.As another reviewer stated, there is no fitness centre that I could see, but with tons of walking opportunites in either direction, with great ocean views, who would want to jog ten miles on a treadmill, and watch cnn on the t.v. the whole time anyway.If any review readers want to ask questions of my stay at the Riu, please email to gpeter52@yahoo.com thank you.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't Recommend to My Worst Enemy This was probably the worst hotel experience ive ever had. This hotel was horrible. I would not recommend to my worst enemy. We stayed at the Riu from 2/26-3/1.1. Foul smelling room (musty, smokey) with dirty disgusting drapes that have probably been there for 20 years. 2. One working elevator, and it took forever. 3. Soda maching on our floor did not work.4. Staff was not helpful at all. No one spoke English. Atleast hire one person that speaks English to communicate with people who actually speak English. After all we are in America. 5. Breakfast buffet was way too expensive for what was offered. 6. The outside pool area was nice but the pool was too warm (breeding ground for bacteria).7. The beach was soooo dirty, and both times we went on the beach no one was out there working the chairs, they were all chained up. 8. And to top it off they had one bell boy working. So needless to say we carried our own bags upstairs and saw alot of other people doing it too.I could go on and on. What kind of business are they running over there??They claim to be a resort. I dont think so. It was just a bad experience from beginning to end.Although, I would like to add that the pool bartenders were really nice and accomodating. Expecially Miguel ; )  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View       View from our room  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bettyz
<Content>A Riu Dissapointment Don't let the pictures fool you. This place is old, run down, expensive and boring. It has potential but no motivation to make it better. No website, either (just a general one for all Riu properties.. a note to self.. a good hotel will always have a great website)- upon arrival (10 pm) we sat at the pathetic bar in the lobby which was dim and had a disco ball turning slowly, like someone was waiting for a funeral..I ordered a bloody Mary. It was horrific. The bartender simply apolgized that I didin't like it and did not offer to get me something else or take it off my bill.- The room itself is small and tasteless. 2 double beds with cheap linens and musty odor. Cheap towels. NOTHING SPECIAL! Nice view though.- They pride themselves on giving you complimentary chairs and towels at the pool (isn't that a given when you stay somewhere?) and charge $5.00 per chair to lay out on the beach!- There is no life here. No happy hour. The lobby lights were turned down so low most nights, you'd think the hotel was closed.- Food is expensive and not great at all. They charge $15.00 for breakfast, and 20 for dinner (not including gratuity).. it's a big buffet, but there is also a Denny's next door where you can get a grand slam for 6 bucks.- The location is far removed from the action. We walked about 25 blocks everyday to get to the heart of South Beach (one of the reasons we picked this location) to get excercise. - Don't be fooled by it's Only hotel right on the beach selling point. 95 of the hotels on Collins are also right on the beach!- Cabs from there are about 8 bucks each way- One of the elevators was shut down all week (leaving only one working, which took 3-4 minutes everytime, so we ended up climbing stairs most times.- WAY WAY WAY overpriced for what it offers.. Nothing! No gym, no spa, no water sports no attractions or activities.. just an old stuck in a timewarp you don't want to be in.- no good restaurants within close walking distance (maybe 8 blocks or so)- would never recommend this to anyone, and would never come back myself.- The only good thing that happened at Riu was that we (me and my husband) each lost a few pounds from al lthe walking and not eating their food!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>klenc
<Content>Dirty, Dirty, Dirty Spent one night in Feb at the Riu. The boat show was in town and rooms were hard to come by so stayed here one night despite the negative reviews. The place is DIRTY. A fresh coat of paint on the outside makes it presentable but don't be fooled! The carpeting was so gross we kept our shoes on. THe blankets were full of cigarette burns (we were in a non smoking room). I took extra sheets off the housekeeping cart so that our skin would not come in contact with the blankets or spreads they were that old and soiled. The pool area is lush but again - dirty. The mats on the pool chairs were disgusting they had so many stains. You are allowed only one towel per person and they were small. We ate at the pool bar - the food was medicore at best. The beach in front of the hotel was littered with bottle caps and cigarette butts. The beach rental chairs were $5 - for a plastic chair with no pad. I would NEVER stay here again. It needs a major renovation.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu was just what we needed My wife and I just got home from the Riu Miami Beach. We were suprised at how nice the grounds and beach were. They got us in 2 hours before check-in and gave us a great room with a two-sided balcony that had a great view of the ocean and pool. The room was big enough and had a king bed. The pool, semi-private lagoon beach and grounds were the best. They added fresh sand to the pool area the day we arrived. They seemed very attentive to details. The location was great as you could walk the boardwalk down to South Beach or the sidewalk to Lincoln Rd. They didn't do a great job with wash cloths and towels but they called to check on us and corrected the problem quickly. We'll be going back to a Riu resort soon.Be sure to ask any hotel in Miami Beach whether there is construction going on next to or around your hotel. There isn't at or around the Riu but some nice hotels had lots of heavy construction/destruction all day long!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Riu-Miami hotel in January, 2005. Rates were reduced by $20 per night because we were booked into a block of rooms set aside for a wedding. The hotel is lovely and gracious, and the staff tried hard to give us a room ahead of check-in time so our party could change and head for the beach. Although we reserved city view rooms instead of ocean view, we were pleasantly surprised to be given two of the three rooms with ocean view and private patio. The beds were comfortable, but they only offer double beds..no queens or kings. What a bummer. We experienced problems with linens. Cheap, thin, scratchy and never enough. We had to call each day for the correct supply of bath towels, hand towels and wash clothes. Breakfast is included with the rooms. and the food is wonderful and a very nice variety. Hot and cold selections, cereals, fruit, juices, cheeses, nice bread selection...something for everyone. We even saw several older couples preparing sandwiches at their table for enjoyment later in the day. What a deal. Not too much to see in the neighborhood which necessitated our using taxi service to get anywhere. With a party of eight, we had to use two taxis, so it got to be pretty expensive going to dinner and other attractions.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jmharn
<Content>I just don't get this hotel - So terrible I just got back from this hotel today Feb 1st 2005 after staying there for 6 nights. I try to be as objective as possible so that you guys will find the facts not my opinion.I have stayed in Amerisuites, Comfort Inns, all the way to Ritz Carlton or other high-end hotel chain. Although I have never stayed in a european based hotel, so there is the flaw in my comparison.Here are the facts that I find this hotel is lacking:1. No refrigerator, microwaves, or even coffee maker. If you need coffee in the morning, the hotel restaurant downstair will conveniently pour it for you for a small fee of $2.16 a cup (no refill, nice try). This might be OK for some travelers. But when you have small children this can be a quite inconvenience. Forget warm milk....2. Their welcome booklet says: Tap Water is not drinkable. They do provide a minibar with a bottle water that cost about $3.00 (small one).3. No iron - but they do have a dry cleaning service sheet that I won't even dare to see how much it would cost.4. If you are lucky to stay on 5,7,9th floor you can get to the ice machine on the same floor. Otherwise, you need to wait about 2-3 minutes on the elevator just to get the ice.5. Yes sometimes the elevator does take 3-4 minutes to arrive at certain times of the days (check out times, breakfast, and dinner time). Even the cleaning lady wants to get a piece of the action by crowding the guest elevator too.6. No lotion in the bathroom. Yes, I realize a lot of hotel chains do not give out lotions, but if they call themselves resort - I expect a small bottle of lotion can come in handy especially after a day under the sun.7. The room looks old. This might be subjective, but it does look worn out to me. 8. Oh, if you pay more they do give you a nicer room with balcony (I had that). Here is the lacking part: your neighbor can jump out easily from his balcony to your balcony. There is a dividing wall about waist high. Just enough to hide your head if you sit down - no privacy at all. 9. Related to #8 - the balcony door from the room sticks and DO NOT lock. Now, what's stopping a criminal from the other room to enter your room? Perhaps not much. Oh, but the sunrise, sunset, and the full moon is beautiful from the balcony.10. Pool towel - Make sure you ask for 4 towel cards if you are going to need 4 towels at the pool. Otherwise, the pool tower 'personnel' will give you a hard time for asking more towels than your towel card, as if you are going to steal their prized towel.11. Speaking of towels - so many clean towels that I had got stains on it. I did not even want to think what the stain was from. Just closed my eyes and used them.12. To be fair, some employees are nice, some needs a lesson in cutomer relation (pool towel personnel included). The receptionist with red glasses is nice, the other older one - got a major PMS.13. You cannot check out before your room is completely empty. I just never had that experience. I always check out a bit earlier while my wife is finishing up with the kids. I was confused....Those are facts. I cannot prevent myself from being sarcastic a bit after how they treated us. I just don't get their philosophy. They call themselves a resort, but they are operating a cheap level that I have never seen before even compared to a budget motel. At the same time they pride themselves with their excellent restaurant service (with overpriced everything). I tried their food - mediocre. Not worth spending $25/person.Here is the greatest thing we found about 2 blocks south of the hotel:Cafe Migas. Highly highly recommended. Very modest cafe with excellent cuban coffee and espresso, real orange juice, heavenly ham-and-cheese croissant, full hot breakfast all for under $9. Do yourself a favor don't fall into the hotel's hyped buffet. I read the good and bad reviews about this hotel, and now I believe the bad one. I did not expect a 4 or 5 stars when I got in, but this hotel is lower than 2 star in my humble opinion. Sorry, I have to give my opinion at the end...  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>traveller_spain
<Content>Sent us to other hotel although room was paid already I reserved one room for my last night (21.01) in 10 days trip around Florida and for my surprise the staff told me they did not have rooms free although I had already reserved and paid the room through expedia 2 weeks before. The excuse was that some guests had spoiled some rooms, but I think they had overbooking and sent us to the Villa Capri (5 star officially, but really 3 star quality) that is just in front of Riu, but not right on the beach. They offered us free breakfast for 3 people next day and the right to use their pool, but I do not think they are serious people as they MUST respect paid reservations. On the other side the hotel seems nice and is well located close to the beach and Lincoln Rd.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic value We were very pleased with this hotel - granted the rooms are not that smart and the decoration is a bit old but everything was very clean and comfortable, the lobby, pool and staff are all lovely and the breakfast buffet was just amazing (although quite expensive!) The free pool towels were very welcome and the housekeeping staff responded immediately when we had a problem with an overflowing cistern! It is a good 20 minute walk from all the action but during the day walking along the beachfront to the art deco area is lovely. If you are averse to noise though make sure you ask for a room high up as the bar in the lobby is very noisy!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! Enjoyed! I was quite leary of booking this hotel due to the complaints of other reviewers. I'm glad I went ahead and did. The hotel has a beautiful lobby and the pool area is very attractive as well. It is right on the boardwalk and we walked down to the end of it on New Years Eve. The beach area did not appeal to me for swimming but many people were enjoying it. The sand was reasonably clean. Our room was clean, the bed a bit hard for me, but otherwise a nice room. I loved the balcony overlooking the ocean. The staff were friendly and helpful. We did not eat there but ordered out for Pizza and it was great. We had breakfast the next morning at Denny's which is very handy. Don't be afraid to book this hotel, I love the fact that it has balconies, a lot of the hotels on Miami Beach don't! We only spent one night and then went on a cruise on the Norwegian Sun. We were very pleased with that as well.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mrandyd
<Content>Don't believe the hype..... The hotel is fine. Clean, efficient, and reasonably priced. We stayed for 12 days from Dec 27th, and have no complaints about the hotel, its policies or its staff. My only gripe is its location - There are only a couple of decent restaurants within 10 blocks of the place. OK if you have a car; Not so good if you don't have a car or are lazy.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE CHOICE! We had reservations to stay at the Riu for two night 12/31-1/2. As we pulled up to the hotel I knew we were in for a surprise. The location of this hotel is horrible. There is one valet and one bellhop. All the employees at the front desk speak another language and the odor in the lobby is horrible. Our room was not ready so we decided to sit by the pool and wait to see what was in store for us. We went to get towels and to our surprsie there were none left, and the cabanna man did not want to give me them because I was not checked in yet. After arguing with him, he finally gave in. My boyfirend went to have lunch and ordered a hamburger and was served a sausage patty. The pool is filthy and the beach is filled with garbage. Absolutely gross. We decided to see if our oceanview room was ready. It was. We went up to our room and was forced to breathe in a horrible order and the decor of the room looks as though it hasn't been remodeled from the early 80's. In order to go out on to our balcony I had to kick open the door. Need I say more? The bellhop was still in the room, and told him to grab the bags and we checked out. This is a horrible hotel and would not recomend this hotel to my worst enemy. Think again before booking the Riu. You are not booking a Florida Beach Resort, you are booking a Roadside Motel. We enjoyed the rest of our stay at the Marriott on 1st and Ocean. Enjoy your trip, but I guarantee you will not enjoy it if you will be guests at the Riu.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timcooke
<Content>Very nice Family Hotel I was a little apprehensive after reading some poor reviews, but my family enjoyed our stay at the RIU immensely. I would definitely recommend getting an Ocean View or Ocean front room. We were originally in a street front room and the traffic noise is very loud until 3AM or so. They upgraded us to a beautiful Ocean Front corner balcony room for only $20 more per night. They were very accomodating.The beach was perfect for families with small kids because the big waves are blocked by the rocks and they can wade in further. The pool was beautiful too. I know some people were disappointed that the pool wasn't heated, but I prefer it to be refreshing.The breakfast buffet was great. Fabulous selection.Overall, it was a good experience and we would definitely go back there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so relaxing hotel We stay 12 days from 16 dec to 27 dec 2004.We spent a very good time in riu hotel. I have readed some problems about this hotel and i was anxious.How it was wonderful to stay without trouble. Buffet on morning is great and taking it around the swiming pool it was a great pleasure.all the staff is pleasant and helpful. It was a very pleasant stay and we will come again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average We stayed in Miami for 4 nights in November 2004. We had booked a room without a balcony. The hotel can not hide the fact that it is old, so the room was only average in comfort and space. On the other hand, the lobby is nice, the staff is helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet is excellent, pool and garden are gorgeous and can not be watched from the boardwalk (unlike most of the other beach hotels) .Be aware that it is about 20 minutes by feet away from the lively part of South Beach, but going by bus (1.25 $) is very easy. Rental car stations are only minutes away.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic with 1 hiccup Our honeymoon in October 2004. Beware - there are only 2 non smoking floors at this hotel and we were not aware of this at time of booking so were put into a smelly room (cigar smell not cigarette which I find is worse). Moved to an ocean front room the next day. From there on the holiday got better and better. Sameth and team really look after you - and remember your names. Every morning for breakfast they ask you how you are and if you slept well - its the little things like that I found refreshing. Breakfast is huge and really fills you up for the day. Then onto the pool - Wilbert was fantastic and very entertaining looking after us all around the pool. Bar food and drinks were excellent and good value for money. The beach is only about 30 paces from the pool - just over the boardwalk which is handy and the beach was nice and white with literally no litter.The hotel in general is excellent and very popular with the germans and spanish from europe.No musty smells, very clean rooms and hersheys kisses on your pillow every night.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hightide
<Content>great bargain, exceptional service Being a bargain hunter, I did extensive research in order to find a nice hotel at a fair rate. Prices vary enormously depending on the web site used. I booked seven nights at the Riu (Nov.10-17) through Vacations to Go for $80 per night. Even with short comings, this was an amazing deal. These short comings are as follows: cold pool. Beach outside hotel was beyond filthy. I've stayed further south on Miami Beach and did not experience this problem. We're talking broken bottles, cig. butts, plastic, you name it. Literally every square foot. I have a three year old son, and needless to say I was not thrilled with this. Perhaps this crap was washed up by the recent huricanes, but it had been a month or more since the last storm, you'd think maybe they could have raked the beach or something. Next, everyone talks about the lack of a coffee maker in the room. Big problem!! I could handle this, but they also don't have room sevice, or coffee in the lobby. My son woke up every mornig at 6:30 and the restaurant opened at 7:30.Now for the good stuff. Wonderful staff. Great food. stiff drinks. People say nothing is near by, well did they look? Two blocks south you'll find a Cuban  super market/restaurant that has the best cuban cafe con leche for .92 cents, a bakery that serves breakfast with coffee for $3.50, a wine store and a freaky dollar store that has all kinds of wierd stuff.I recommend the Riu for those looking for a nice hotel at a good rate.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu is a great choice when vacationing in South Beach I will admit that despite all of the really GOOD reviews, I was a little apprehensive about the Riu in light of all of the bad reviews. However, much to my satisfaction, we were pleasantly surprised. As expected, we were greeted with 2 glasses of OJ. While I had reserved a room with an ocean view, it was not immediately available upon arrival so we sat outside by the pool at the Alligator Bar and had a few beers. While the bartender needed a course in courtesy training and customer service, he quickly warmed up after giving a tip (servers seem especially appreciative of tips in South Beach). Once we got our room, it was what I expected, nothing fancy, but fine. Pillows could be fluffier and carpet could be replaced, but for $140 a night I was not complaining. Breakfast buffet is great and the lobby and lobby bar are beautiful. The pool and grounds are beautiful and it was great having access to the boardwalk. We also liked the fact that most of the other guests were European, mostly German. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay and the Riu is a BARGAIN! If you like Loews or the Ritz, be prepared to anty up atleast $500 a night. We'll definitely return to the Riu!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel was average My husband and I stayed here the end of October after having to reschedule a Labor Day trip because of hurricane Jeanne. We were supposed to stay the the Lowes but because of the date change we could not get that hotel for the same price (booked through Expedia). The travel advisor offered the Riu for an additional $6 over what we originally paid along with the $200 airline change fees. We arrived at 1:00 PM and entered a huge lobby that must have been beautiful in its day but it had a very strong cleaning smell that almost made my eyes water. There were 4 people behind the front desk (only 2 were assisting people) and everyone was loudly speaking Spanish. It took 45 minutes to check in. Someone shoved 2 glasses of OJ at us (we were told we would receive a welcome drink at reception) and refused to look at us when we tried to thank them. Anyway, a room was available and we were on our way (only one bellman so we struggled with our bags ourselves).The room was large and comfy but a little run down. Again, the cleaning solution smell was almost overpowering but I was able to open a window for some fresh air. Had a hair dryer and adjustable shower but no coffee maker. There was a mini bar but it only had one beer in it and was never replenished during out 4 night stay.The pool was nice and plenty of chairs to go around at this time of year. The towel/pool person was friendly and helpful. After the weekend the pool water was greasy from suntan lotion - need to have some chemicals so we didn't use it after that. The beach was excellent and the boardwalk is a fun 20 minute walk away from South Beach. The pool bar was a great place to grab lunch. The next closest restaurant is a Denny's that is about 4 city blocks away.Overall our experience with the hotel was ok. When we go back to Miami we will probably go to another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room for the money! Great stay at the Riu! Clean Room, great service and most of all GREAT pool area. Only negative would be no coffee maker or iron in the room! Would stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If only we would have left sooner Our adventure at the Riu started out great, but went a bit sour. I will try to be as fair about it as possible. We liked what we saw when we got to the lobby. Staff was not overly friendly (aside from a sweetheart of a bellman) but nice enough. The restaurant wasn't open (we got there at 10:30 a.m., so they pointed us to a Denny's down the street.) After we ate, they gave us towel cards and a place to change and store our luggage, but they ended up letting us check in early. We had a very nice ocean front room with a balcony. (I think we had only paid for Ocean view with balcony.) The pool is nice, and the beach is gorgeous and somewhat private. After hanging out by both, we went and sat on our balcony and admired the view. We had a wedding to go to that evening, and on our return was when things got yucky. We came back and there was a huge chunk of the ceiling on the floor of our room (the styrafoam-y type stuff.) We decided to hold off on telling the hotel until the next morning, since it didn't really affect us and we were both tired. We spent a little more time on the balcony, which was again lovely. But when we got back inside, I went to turn off the light in the room, I (barefoot) nearly stepped on one of the hugest cockroaches I have seen (probably two to four inches big). This is Miami, and both the ceiling and the roach can probably be attributed to the humidity, but that didn't make them any more pleasant. My husband called and they said they had no more rooms. He said we can't stay in that room, and they said they would check on some things. They called back with another room and after my husband asked, they said they didn't have a bellman to help us with our now-schlepped together luggage, but sent a security guard with a cart, who looked none too happy, although we did all the work.They put us in a room that reeked of smoke, had no balcony (which we did pay for), looked out onto the street, and was smaller. (Not to mention the fact that I was now afraid to walk on the floor of any of their rooms.) It WAS the middle of the night, so I can understand that options are limited. In the morning we asked to see the manager, and the front desk person asked for the details. She went into the office and then came back and said the manager would be with us. Instead, another employee came out after a few minutes and said the manager was suddenly in a meeting. We explained again and he said we could be in an ocean front room again that night, but we were leaving. My husband said we would like to check out late and have our mini-bar charges (about $8) taken care of. He told us to see him after we ate breakfast, and he was able to give us what we asked for. There were no apologies whatsoever, and it seemed to me that a nice hotel would want to go above and beyond what we asked for (we were very civil about the whole thing), but that was not the case. Anyway, the situation was somewhat rectified, but I would never stay there again or recommend it to anyone, who plans to spend any time in their room. The pool and beach really are great though.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SylvieWood
<Content>GREAT!!! I can only recommend the RIU Florida Hotel. I麓ve been in Miami several times and I was extremly happy to stay there.Nice and helpfull staff, great rooms, very spaceous, many with seaview, yummy breakfast buffet, nice pool area, situated directly at he beach... I enjoyed my stay very much!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I've heard only GOOD things This Hotel ist GREAT!Nice rooms with a good view. the pool area is really nice. Free Towels, etc..The breakfast buffet is enormous, tasty and good!Sounds good to me!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunspot
<Content>excellent stay Like so many others we were a little worried about staying at this hotel after reading the reviews. However, as soon as we walked through the doors we knew we would not be disappointed. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant had good food choices at breakfast and in the evening. The pool was lovely and was right on the beach. The beach was not crowded at all. The rooms were large and well looked after. So in all, great hotel and great location.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>6 days yes We stayed at the Riu for 6 days and had a good time. The rooms were adequate and clean. The rooms were cleaned everyday. My only complaint was that the small fridge was lukewarm, but in our case we ate out everyday so I made sure I finished my meals and not bring leftovers. The staff was excellent, they were from latin american countries and with my broken spanish and their better accented English all was understood. There are a lot of foreingers staying here and it does appear that you are in a foreign country. There a lot of German and Brazilian tourist here and they dont bother me. Everyone was courteous. You must posses great walking legs to stay here because you are at 31st and Collins. All the racket is on our about 5th and 19th street  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miami nice - Oct03 Went to RIU Florida Beach for 10 Days in October 2003.The rooms and staff were great, a slightly over priced mini bar but plenty of shops nearby made it easier.Loved hanging in the hammocks and strolling to the beach, which the hotel backs on to.Not much nightlife near hotel, either need to walk/cab to South Beach or go to local Outback Steak House.The Restaurant was a bit tacky but the entertainment at the cocktail bar made up for it.Rooms cleaned daily, with the towels being arranged like sea creatures and choclate kisses being left under your pillow.Would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great relaxing clean hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sungoddess3
<Content>Stayed June 9, 2004 My daughter, age 14, and I, age 36, stayed at the Riu Florida Beach on June 9 for 2 days. The staff were more than helpful and very friendly. The valet service was wonderful and courteous. The breakfast buffet had made-to-order omelets-the best I ever had! The room was ok. We stayed in room 607, it had a little musty odor, but it was spacious. THe pool area was clean. My daughter loved the hammocks! The beach was just outside the gate. The water was beautiful. THe people staying there were all foreign so it was like we were in another country without leaving the US. It was a great experience for my daughter. THe only complaint I have is that you have to drive to the nearest eating establishment unless you like walking. The nearest restuarant that was open was approximately 12 blocks away. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate the Riu Florida a 7.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nearly perfect ! After a one week trip through Florida we stayed 8 days at the lovely Riu Florida Beach Hotel.The breakfast and the dinner are outstanding (maybe not for fast-food lovers *g*). Everything you can imagine.The rooms are very clean though the cleaner somertimes aren麓t really spring-cleaning.The atmosphere in the lobby and the organisation of the appurtenant structures really were professional.The employees are very kind and helpful and what is important for no native english speakers they are all multilingual (english, spanish, german).Recapitulating we we really recommend this hotel and would like to stay again in one of the Riu hotels anytime.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It We booked the Riu for 10 nights and loved every moment we spent there. The staff are welcoming and very helpful, On arrival you are greeted with refreshments and very friendly faces, the rooms are comfy and clean and the poolside is very relaxing. I was scared after reading most of the reviews but decided to see for myslef and was far from dissapointed. The staff were friendly enough to upgrade our room, even though nothing was wrong with our standard room and the views are delightful. The location was perfect as we had family staying near by and it was very easy to travel around. The beach is just outside the hotel which made the sa even better. The pool was enjoyed by the kids as well as the adults and the towel card you get is very useful. You will have to wait a while for a elevator but the stairs are just as easy. The breakfast buffet was very nice also. I give the best results to this hotel and will be staying again in September, cant wait till then. Book with the Riu, you wont be dissapointed!   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mgary56
<Content>Great stay at the Riu We stayed at the Riu 5/26/04 for a week, and was also worried after reading some of the reviews. One of the reviews written by a gentleman 5/8/04 from Cranleigh, Surry U.K. put us at ease. This review was very fair, honest, and correct. Upon arriving at the Hotel we were greeted with refreshing orange juice and someone getting our reservations in order. Our room was the average room. Very clean, vaccum and fresh towels daily. We had NO red bugs, or a musty smell. The hotel restaurant is buffet style, $16.- p.p./ wide selection to choose and was very good. The poolside bar  grill is great, but a little pricey. The Pizza is GREAT!They do have chairs  umbrellas on the beach for rentals. But, you also receive beach towels from the pool at no charge with your towel card.I will say we enjoyed our week stay and do recommend the Riu.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome stay at the Riu! As soon as my Mom and I arrived at 10:30 a.m., the front desk welcomed us and brought us 2 glasses of orange juice. Inside the room we noticed the smell that was mentioned on previous reviews and the cause of it is HUMIDITY, just turn on A /C and the odor will go away. There were no red insects or bugs. During our 5 days 4 night stay we went to the beach, pool lyed down on the hammock. Went for stroll at the boardwalk (21st-47th street) went to Ocean Drive where restaurants are in South Beach. Check out stores in Lincoln Road on Collins Ave, I believe its 15th or16th street. Take a ferry to see famous homes such as (Rosie O'Donnell or Gloria Estafan all you need to do is take the C or S bus at Indian Creek a block from hotel and get off at Bayside which is in downtown Miami its worth it. The bus fare is $1.25 and on your return back to hotel the bus will leave you in front of Riu on Collins Ave. The breakfast buffet was spectacular, there is a variety of food to please everyone you can sit indoors or outdoors I recommend you sit outside to take the morning breeze, sun and the view of the pool. On a daily basis the housecleaning maid left us nicely decorated towels in a shape of heart, butterfly, two swans. Overall I can't complain about this hotel, twice the front desk called to see if I had any problems/issues and I had none. I'm glad we went despite the negative reviews that we read. Go for it and enjoy your stay in Riu!!  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gregbo
<Content>Read my review, it is the truth I read the reviews before staying here and was a little worried, but anyone who had a problem with Rui, has a problem themselves. The rooms were clean, the service was excellent (granted very Spanish speaking, but so is Miami), and the hotel itself is beautiful. The pool was great, the food was great, the beach was right there, what more can you ask. If you are looking for a wild hotel, go to South Beach. If you are looking for 4 star, than pay $200/night. If you are looking for a safe, nice place, this is it.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where did these negative people stay? My wife and I stayed at the Riu for one night prior to a Cruise on the Carnival Triumph and for a further seven days after the cruise. We found the Hotel exactly as described in the brochures and their on-line advertising and really cannot understand some of the negative reviews we read previous to our stay. Let me assure you that my wife and I are not easily impressed with hotel accommodation, having stayed in many 4 and five star hotels worldwide, and while it is true that the staff at the Riu are Spanish speakers who sometimes lost a little in translating our English, we found them very helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet is superb, and though we chose to eat out in the evenings taking a short cab ride into the town centre, the food on display for the evening buffet looked excellent. The cost of the buffet was $16 to $18 + tax which I consider very cheap considering the fact that if you were a big eater (which we are not) you could eat as much as you could carry on your plate and then return for more. As far as musty smells are concerned, we noticed none of that on our first night, but when we returned the only room available with the view we required was a smoking room and did smell musty for a day or so, until the room had been aired and then there was no problem. The rooms we occupied were spotless and the maid service excellent. I spent a lot of time walkin the boardwalks NJorth and South, and the pool and gardens of thew Riu were the best I saw apart from the Fontainbleu Hilton which is a serious five star and nearly three times as expensive.The two lifts are a little slow if you consider having to wait 90 seconds on average for service, but if you are on holiday and get stressed by that you seriously should consider getting a life.If not and you are thinking of staying there, Do it!. you will not be dissapointed, it is a superb value for money hotel and we will definitely stay there again when in Miami.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saralondon
<Content>Fantastic pool area but far from the center of town As one of the cheaper hotels in South Beach, The Riu Florida is excellent value for money. The pool area is gorgeous, buffet breakfast is great, rooms comfortable and air-conditioned and the hotel is literally right on the beach. The only downside is that the hotel is a $6-$7 cab journey from Ocean Drive, the center of South Beach. The service is also not that great or friendly, but I found that to be true of the whole of Miami in general. Overall, this hotel is a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are other hotels on Collin's Avenue Following a luxury cruise on the 'Explorer of the Seas' my family and I spent a couple of nights at the 'Riu' which I booked over the internet. Did I do right?? Location:-Superb - backs onto South Miami Beach - but beware, chairs on the beach cost $5 and umbrellas $10 to hire. Rather expensive for a family of four. Hotel:-No air coditioning in our room just a ceiling fan. Our room o/k but drab and dingy. No tea/coffee machine in room, no writting materials and no red beetles! Dining Room:-food was fine but we paid the price for it. The $16 buffet dinner turned out to cost more than stated. No iced water could be served with the meal, bottled wter only in the Dining Room, at a price. Bills for meals and drinks were seperate which meant two service charges and two state taxes at 7%. taking the bill to around $48 each. Hotel souvenir shop:- selection of souvenirs very sparse when the shop was actually open. Shops about 6 blocks south. Some other reviewer mentioned Denny's, stick to their coffee if you must. Bus takes 25 minutes to get to shopping Mall, clothing very highly priced. Better prices and bargains on streets inland from Intercontinental Hotel. Plus points - beach, hotel pool and gardens and being in Miami. Minus points - musty smell in corridors and room, staff not too attentive. Hotel statement:- Delux Hotel questionable - Completly refurbished what year? Minutes from fine dining and shops by what form of transport? helicoter, Harley, Liar jet? Conclusion - Would I stay again - No - You could do better booking into another Collins Avenue hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janp70
<Content>What a relief!! After reading all the reviews AFTER we had booked this hotel, our family of 4 were very (very) anxious before we arrived. The rooms were tidy,clean and comfortable . Ocean view excellent, Pool/area excellent, a wooden bridge from pool area right onto miami beach (excellent). Yes there was a musty smell in the corridors, they were painting the lobby/reception area, and they are slowley revamping the hotel. But it was MUCH better than we had hoped for. I would stay there again..  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>grabmilla21
<Content>Nice Place This place is great for the price. Stayed here 5 nights. It is a $5 cab ride to anything you want to do in south beach. Lobby was very nice, pool area excellent, beach was great. Rooms where basic but nice also. Although we never had fitted sheets. Beds could be newer also. Clean and great cleaning staff. The downside is that if you speak english, 80 percent of the hotel staff and guests do not. Staff was very nice but had a hard time understanding things sometimes. Get a room on the 10th floor with an ocean view, worth the extra 20 per night.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very susprised Was worried after reading reviews but on arrival all doubts dispelled, room very good, food superb, staff helpfull and hotel very clean. One plus you cannot reserve poolside beds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For the money we paid we would go again. Good location for what we wanted.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again We stayed in this hotel in the summer of 2002, before going on a cruise. We booked it because we had great experiences with the Riu Hotels both in Dominican Rep and on Tenerife. What a disappointment! Rooms need refurbishing, the rain came into our room so the carpet near the bed was all wet. The rooms and the corridors smelled terrible. What a pitty for a so called first class hotel!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu OK for one or 2 nights Stayed at the Riu on January 11, 2004 for one night. The hotel lobby and pool were better than average, the hotel room was average and just consisted of a necessities, a bed, and a bathroom (no separate living room area). We did not see any evidence of bugs or dirty rooms, and slept comfortably, I probably would not spend a week there. The staff was friendly and the breakfast buffet was great. Found out that if you pre-pay for your room through a discount website like hotels the breakfast is an extra $15.00. Since I did our reservations through freehotelguide and did not prepay, we were entitled to the breakfast buffet for free. If you don't like spending $15.00 on breakfast, there is a Denny's down the street. Overall I was pleased with my stay at the Riu and would stay there again if only for one or 2 nights.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay We read every review before our 9 night stay and were a little concerned but decided to go ahead anyway and were really glad we did. This is a really good hotel with good service, friendly staff (although they didn't always understand English) and an outstanding breakfast included. The musty smells complained about are only slightly in the drawers so if you are really fussy take drawer liners with you. The standard of cleaning was excellent, rooms were of a good standard with comfortable beds. The only complaint I had was there are no coffee/tea facilities in the room. Overall we had a brilliant stay and would definitely go back to this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cancan
<Content>Has potential but management is inefficient Staying in this hotel will make you think you are in a foreign country. While the rooms are adequate (though need refurbishing) and the staffs are friendly, the hotel management style will remind you of the inefficiencies of layback countries. Since we just came back from the south of Spain we weren't too surprise or disappointed. The operator answering the hotel 'front desk phone' does not speak or comprehend English, at all. The 'hotel concierge' also plays another role as the hotel convenient store shopkeeper so there is a long wait to be served. The receptionists behind the front desk have good intentions but they are untrained and unfamiliar with standard American hotel practice. If you don't understand their culture you would call their management style 'unprofessional'. So, avoid needing help from the hotel and you would enjoy your stay in Riu Florida Beach.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the stay but ... After a weeks tour throughout Southern Florida it was nice to stay for a week in this hotel that is nicely located close to the beach. The people at the reception were most kind and helped us out with whatever request we imposed upon them and this always with a smile. The rooms could need some refurbishment but are more than average. Breakfast was elaborate and the service was correct and friendly. Downside of this hotel are the elevators. Especially during pekhours (breakfasttime, ...) it can take some time before you reach your room. Nevertheless, we realy enjoyed our staying and can recommend it to everybody who wants to relax.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>heard enough I booked a room at the riu or rio whatever and then cancelled 2 weeks later... After reading the reviews and having family in the fort lauderdale area inspect the place, I heard enough. I decided that foul oders, bugs, stained carpets and ceilings, and poor cleaning service cancel out any of the bells and whistles some reviews speak so highly of. If theres one thing I know for sure florida weather can be touch and go (expect to spend some time in your room)! Don't expect a free breakfest in you rate to sweat'n the deal. I called the hotel and found out it's 15$ a person.. add that to your $98 a night rate inclucding tax and we're talking $130 ($86 w/o tax) and this isn't a competative deal anymore. Plus with this rate your getting thr worst room in the house. SAve yourself the trouble and book a room some place with solid reviews and a clean room.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you get what you pay for! Just came back from a 4 day stay at the RIU Florida Beach. This hotel is definitely in need of renovations. However, the staff went above and beyond to be pleasant and keep you happy, and the food was good. The pool and beach were nice and the location is a plus. I don't think you could ask for much more from a hotel at the price (under $80/night).  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! This hotel is if you just want a cheap trip for the weekend and if you've already been to Miami. It is just a room with a bed, there is nothing fantastic about it at all. It served it's purpose which was a bed  shower. we stayed here originally because it was about $180 for the weekend for and oceanview room and the other Riu resorts are beautifull. well this one looks like trash. It's not far from all the attractions which was one plus, but I would never stay here again. I didn't experience any bugs, but you will smell a mildew odor when you get out of the elevator. One thing that was nice was the bathrooms on the 1st floor they are the best thing in the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>blairpage
<Content>Not worth a pennt RIU is owned by a Spanish Resort Company that obviously does not care about the property. The rooms a dingy a feel dirty. We got there at 1AM and were told they did not have room for us and we had to stay accross the street. I refused, and they came upo with a smoking room that made us gag. They moved us the next day. We notices tiny red ant like bugs. As the week went on we realized the problem was serious. These bus were hiding in all the seams in the wood furniture, and came out more and more as the week progresses, We started getting bitten. I had the manager come up and look and he said disgusting. But, they had no room for us anywhere else. He said her thought the bugs had been brought in by a party from Argentina. Beautiful pool and beach. Save your money.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyinghornet
<Content>great hotel   showReview(1495728, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a FAB time staying at the RIU   showReview(1445273, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddy06
<Content>Wouldn't stay at RIU in Florida or other areas they are located.   showReview(1428573, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go looking for luxury   showReview(1371428, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn @ Riu   showReview(1099444, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay   showReview(993036, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Running Away From The Riu   showReview(931488, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad   showReview(923722, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible assistant manager   showReview(914931, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIU Florida (not a good choice)   showReview(835294, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vagabondoVenezia
<Content>1 settimana da re       giardino  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaBelu
<Content>Renovado, buena atencion, siempre lo elijo.       Vista desde el balcon - 7 am  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dickmopser
<Content>riu ist mit sicherheit zu empfehlen.   showReview(21006151, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>florida53
<Content>Malorca feeling pur   showReview(20849782, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexmar75
<Content>viaggio di nozze   showReview(20754700, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RIU Hotel   showReview(22956639, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JavierMadrid
<Content>Buen Hotel   showReview(20215254, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ibangal
<Content>No 茅s el mejor hotel de la zona       habitaci贸n 1  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Evebuenosayres
<Content>Muy bueno!   showReview(19088674, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gut , f眉r Florida sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(22944643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Akzeptabel   showReview(18542826, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bandeal
<Content>scelta soddisfacente   showReview(18061270, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Harley16
<Content>Sehr gutes und freundliches Hotel       Strand am Mittag  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Texas_LoneStar_8
<Content>Tolles Fr眉hst眉cksbuffet   showReview(17020212, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	1	

<Author>SaMa6N
<Content>Beschreibung aus dem Katalog 1:1!!!!!   showReview(16648768, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gbhutter
<Content>Ambiente - Personal - Buffett - Preis-Leistung - Genial   showReview(16406042, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>younicc
<Content>magnifico hotel       la hall e il bar interno  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Xabbu
<Content>Ein Aufzug in einem 10-st枚ckigen Hotel?   showReview(16186134, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Fernweh0815
<Content>Traumhaftes Hotel zu einem super Preis   showReview(16171957, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Izarwon
<Content>si buscas precio, buena eleccion   showReview(15563555, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Lopalumba
<Content>Muy buen hotel y atenci贸n!   showReview(15333677, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(15579112, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LadyMarian22
<Content>Hermosa vista pero ....   showReview(15067297, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Any50
<Content>Mi segunda estancia,esta vez me decepciono   showReview(14812853, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>travel139
<Content>Untere Kategorie   showReview(14793642, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>natalia77Argentina
<Content>mucho olor a humedad       lobby  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Lilimo
<Content>excelente desayuno   showReview(14486072, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>River2001
<Content>No volver铆a   showReview(14149670, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>florian12
<Content>Gutes Mittelklassehotel   showReview(13722953, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>carlettaS
<Content>vacanza stupenda!!!!!!!   showReview(13641457, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Traveler23_7
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(12159402, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tendenz nachlassend   showReview(11667732, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baumbaum
<Content>Nicht empfehlenswert - kein Service und nur L盲rm   showReview(8736127, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeachFanBremen
<Content>Frisch renoviert   showReview(8404437, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>elzimes
<Content>RIU Florida Beach - einfach super!   showReview(8076760, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Florida-Urlauberin
<Content>Ein sch枚ner Urlaub in einem sch枚nen Hotel   showReview(7955011, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Snbianchi
<Content>Es bueno, con buen desayuno        vista de piscina desde mi habitaci贸n  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JACKBuenosAires
<Content>Muy Buen Hotel   showReview(6850377, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Gandalf2
<Content>Abgewrackte Bruchbude   showReview(6784998, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das schlechteste Riu Hotel das es gibt !   showReview(11377668, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nixe62
<Content>Entspannen in toller Atmosph盲re   showReview(5730541, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meritxell
<Content>No est谩 mal!   showReview(5719000, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambres dat茅es, quartier 脿 l'abandon   showReview(11341639, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vraiment bien   showReview(5055778, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

