<Author>Cam1939
<Content>Still the greatest hotel for me This was my 8th or more stay at the Waikiki Gateway...from October 26 to November 8, 2008. I want to thank all the staff from the Front Desk Manager, Jon Tanaka, to Kainoa, simply the friendliest and funniest young man at the Front Desk, to Tom, also the Front Desk and Wayne, the Security Guard for making my two weeks so pleasant even though I had a terrible back pain the first week I was there. Why anyone would want to pay the outrageous prices the other hotels in Waikiki are charging is beyond my comprehension...the Gateway has clean rooms, terrific Maid Service every day, Free Internet in the Business Centre, a Hospitality Room for those arriving early or leaving late, a Free Continental Breakfast, bus services right at the door, easy walking distance to the Beach across Fort DeRussy Park, near shopping Malls, etc...The only negative comment I would have is their TV Service has a bad reception....I know we don't go to Hawaii to watch television, but my first week had me in bed because of my back, so I had to watch TV to pass the time...hopefully they will have small flat screen TV's in the near future in all their rooms. I plan to be back at the Gateway in April or May of 2009...I hope to see all these friendly staff people again.....thanks again for making my two weeks so pleasant. Cam Barolet from Canada  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlendaSinging
<Content>Good value for the price If you're looking for somewhere that is not too expensive in a good location in Waikiki, the Gateway is not a bad place to stay. It's certainly an older hotel, and the decor is a little dated, but if you want new and shiny you have to pay for it!My friends and I shared two rooms with adjoining doors, one with a kitchenette. Pluses...the rooms were quite big, each with two balconies. They were very clean. Free internet access, which was a huge bonus...other friends staying in nearby hotels were paying as much as 50c per minute. Laundrette, small but pleasant pool, ABC store downstairs and a really nice restaurant across the road for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Free breakfast, although we didn't use it. Bus stops on either side of the hotel take you anywhere. We arrived at 8am and of course it was too early for our rooms to be early, but we were offered the use of the hospitality room, where we sat and watched TV while we each had a turn in the shower, such a relief after a 9 hour flight.Minuses...the only downside was that we had issues with the billing system. The hotel freezes the entire amount of your stay when you arrive - not such a big deal if you're there for one or two nights, but it can be crippling if you're staying for a week or more, especially if you are at the end of your pay week/fortnight. In our case, we were splitting the bill, and so we each paid our share onto our credit cards upon arrival - they wouldn't give us the key until we paid or agreed to freeze an amount. However, once we paid, they still froze the entire amount on one of my friend's credit cards - so they took our money AND froze the same amount again - double!!! This left us worried, irritated and a bit short on funds. We made several trips to the front desk and spoke to more than one staff member trying to sort it out. So far as I can tell, in the end we ended up square, but it was quite stressful at the time and left a bit of a bad taste on what was otherwise quite a good stay.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Edsel
<Content>Reasonable Place to stay My wife and I stayed at this hotel in late October. The front desk staff could not have been nicer to us. This is an older hotel, that we found to be very clean and well maintained. We asked about a late check out time. The desk person said he would have to check with his manager. Manager come out of his office and asked when our flight was leaving. He suggested that we stay a couple of hours longer ,than we had requested, and offered us a very reasonable price for the late checkout.. We had a nice corner ocean view room with a lani on both sides. We would definatelly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>crystalaziza
<Content>Excellant Location  I stayed again in June of 2008, because I had a great time in June of 2007. Being on somewhat of a tight budget, the price was excellant for the location. Very good free breakfast. Great view, air conditioner worked, and the T.V. worked. That was all my son  I needed. I will be staying again in August of 2009 along w/ my sister  her daughter. I don't need a $300.00 a night hotel. Close your eyes  they all look the same is my philosify, and there was nothing crawling around on the floors to worry about either. Waikiki Gateway, you've got my vote. See ya in August of 2009. Also, the Gateway had upgraded me in 2008 to my surprise, to a beautiful two balcony view of the ocean  2 king size beds. Thanks Gateway  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>CaReviewer26
<Content>Avoid like the plague ok, maybe my title is a little brutal, but seriously, the room was pretty dumpy. All the furniture was extremely worn, with most of the wood finish scratched off. The bed was really unconfortable. Our front door was so beat up, it looks like someone took a hockey stick to it. We were looking for a cheaper place to stay since we were there for a wedding, but it's definately worth a few more bucks to stay somewhere else. We originally were supposed to stay for 3 nights, but as soon as we saw it, we immediately started looking for another place to stay. Don't be fooled by the nice pictures of lobby. The lobby really is nice, but that's not where you're sleeping and as soon as you leave the lobby, you realize why it was so cheap. We ended up staying at the Ilikai, which i would definately recommend (though it's a bit more out of the way). I've stayed at Ohana East as well and that ones nicer than this one too. Front desk service was mediocre.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	-1	4	

<Author>Liloprincess
<Content>I miss Hawaii already, Vancouver, BC I stayed at the Waikiki Gateway for two weeks with two teen age girls, and all three of us loved our stay at the hotel. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, the people manning the Expedia desk were awesome. I found all the employees working at the hotel to be very polite, friendly and helpful (I don't think I could have asked for more). We were on the 11th floor; and we had no issues with noise from the outside (it was very quiet at our end of the building, overlooking Kuhio ST). The rooms were outdated, but who cares, as long as they were clean (and they were) that's all that mattered. The maid came in everyday to clean the room. The hotel is at the quiet end of the Waikiki beach strip, close to the Hilton Village, and walking distance to the Ala Moana Shopping centre. The bus is right outside the front of the hotel. I would not hesitate to stay at the hotel again.Thank you very much all the staff for making our stay at the Waikiki Gateway a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>monkey24
<Content>A complete disaster Save yourself the hassle and DO NOT stay here. Yes the pictures online on Travelocity and the hotel's website look great, but be aware only the lobby looks good and the pictures of the room is their penthouse suite. The rest is less than desirable. I had booked a room for a full size bed andwhen I got up to the room there were two twin beds instead. The TV did not work, the furniture looked completely worn and the bathroom was nothing great to speak of. The front desk was less than helpful in trying to provide a room we had orignally requested. After going back and forth we decided to cancel the rest of the stay there. We did stay there for one night and the bed was uncomfortable. YOu could feel the springs poking into your back. The only plus: internet is free there (they have a computer room with several computers available) and the location. Otherwise save youself the hassle...  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>BostonianTraveler77
<Content>Comfortable and wonderful stay Knowing you typically get what you pay for, I was a bit skeptical in choosing this hotel for my recent trip to Honolulu given their price is far lower than the vast majority of hotels in the area. None the less I took a chance and gave it a shot. I am so glad that I did! The Waikiki Gateway Hotel exceeded my expectations in so many ways. First, it is in a very safe and convenient area. It' s right next door to great day or night time shopping (many stores like Banana Republic, Gucci, Nike etc open til 11pm), DeRussy park right out front is a wonderful and safe walk which is then followed by one of the nicest parts of Waikiki beach, right within a 10 min walk. Also having an exceptional restaurant and an ABC store on site is a great conveniece. Secondly, the cleanliness. My room (615) was well kept and clean and surprisingly spacious. We had 2 balconies, one which overlooked the park and a sliver of the ocean.The kitchen was great and offered a good alternative to the high prices of restaurants and the bathroom offered a new granite countertop and a shower AND tub which many hotels don't offer (shower only). Also, while I don't recomended driving in and around Waikiki (traffic), driving to and from this hotel was very easy and their parking rates are the lowest around. Yes the room was a bit noisy with the traffic at night being it was on 2 main roads, but you will have this at most all hotels in Waikiki...its a busy place! After 11pm the traffic isn't noticible and I never had a bad nights sleep. Thirdly was the staff. Contrary to some of the reviews here, I found all of the staff, and I met most all the front desk persons in my week stay, were all very friendly, eager to help and pleasant to deal with. They helped me with directions, planning and recommendations. For those reviewers who complained about rudeness, I found no evidence of that here. If you try to check in in the morning and your room is not ready, you shouldn't be surprised or rude to the staff since virutualy every hotel in the world has a mid afternoon check in time. While I am sure they are happy to TRY to accomodate your early arrival, its understandable they cant guarentee it. How can they accomodate hundreds of guests a day if they make special exceptions for each of them? So if you just get off a long flight and are rude and combative towards them, of course they are not going to be jovial in return. My advise, plan your trip so you check in at a normal time and even if your tired after a long flight (such as I was after a 13 hr trip from boston), try to be understanding and courteous and almost certainly you will get the same in return. Remember you are a guest in their home not the other way around, regardless your the one who's paying.This hotel offered such great service, safety, cleanliness and its central location to everything I would most certainly stay here again. For those concerned about the crime in Waikiki, well Hawaii is a paradise but its also reality not tv. In a city with millions of people there will always be the few who cause trouble but rest assured this hotel is in a safe area and i walked around Kaleakua at night (10pm ish) and found couples, and families doing the same without any reservations. A clear indicator of the safety of the area is that nearby high end stores (Gucci, Guess, Channel, Tiffany's etc) are open til 11pm. Would they be if the area was crime ridden??Nope! Be smart, be safe, be curteous and respectful, remember to say Mahalo and enjoy your trip..most of all, give this place a shot. Im glad I did!Matt  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fb03
<Content>Great location for the money! I felt this was a great deal. The hotel lobby is very modern and well-done. The rooms not so much but my expectations were low because of the price and proximity to Waikiki Beach. I traveled with a large group of 16 and the entire hotel staff were very helpful. We only stayed one night since we were leaving for a cruise the next day but I would come back. It's good for kids since there really is nothing to break in the rooms. The hallways are smokey-smelling but once in the rooms it was fine. Small pool but we went to the beach....10-15 minute walk through a park to get there.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Babshki
<Content>The worst bed ever! The mattress has not been replaced for a 100 years. A homeless person would not sleep on a bed like this. There was a generator directly outside my window, that kept me up the whole night with its constant noise. The complimentary continental breakfast was outside my other window - so I had the noise of a huge crowd 10 feet away from my bed very early in the morning.I tried to change rooms - but apparently sold out...The worst hotel stay of my life!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkCityGriff
<Content>Rude receptionist and bleak room Arrived at 1 pm, and was told by the desk clerk that the room was unavailable till 3 pm - no offer of where to wait, and her attitude was absolutely hostile. I was told later that her name was Cheryl. We left for lunch, and came back at 2 pm. A lovely woman named Sharon greeted us warmly, welcomed us, and gave us our room. I later saw in the hotel guidebook that there is a hospitality room somewhere in the hotel where one can wait for the room to be ready. No mention of that room was made to us. The room looks like a military barracks - utility colors, hard hard hard bed, bleak and small bathroom, old TV with a nonfunctional remote, balcony lined with pigeon droppings. The only good thing is the location, only steps away from Keo's wonderful Thai restaurant, and other major shops. Thankfully, we were only staying 1 night or I would have left. I actually left 2 hours early for the airport just to leave this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	-1	4	

<Author>KathyFG
<Content>Decent, Clean  The Gateway is a decent, clean hotel with EXCELLENT prices (I paid $80 for a decent-sized room with TWO balconies). It is also in a great location at the Ewa end of Waikiki, across Fort DeRussy Park from the Hale Koa Military Resort and near Hilton Hawaiian Village. 10 minute walk to beach. This is a great bargain for Waikiki. Not fancy, but decent and clean. I found the staff friendly.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Edward78
<Content>Just OK       Our room - a bit messy with our stuff. the balloon is from Senor Frogs, down the road - great fu  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	2	5	

<Author>mmkitty
<Content>Location only... We stayed this hotel for a week in Apr 2008. We didn't like some staff there. On check in our flight was so early and asked in case if there was the room ready. The oldish receptionist said that the check in was 3pm---fair enough, we knew, just needed try but this receptionist always made us feel stupid whenever ask as his attitude was looking down on us. Breakfast lady too, quite unpleasant and nearly did make complaint against them. We consider upgrading to penthouse but didn't---what's the point if outside the room is unpleasant? But there was good point to make us through to remain this hotel. The room was enough for just sleeping and always clean, spotless! Bathtub didn't work and fixed following day so that was no problems. Balcony wasn't clean and even didn't try to stand up there without sandals. The ABC store is on ground floor, easy access to centre of waikiki, beach is just across the park, also hotel supply beach towel every day( at reception). The internet access is free in the air-conditioning room, you can drink water and coffee(not hot...) while browsing.We are frequent traveller and this hotel didn't impress us at all, yes it's budget hotel and we won't go back there and never recommend to our friends. However the experience of Hawaii was fascinating and made so many good memory outside of hotel. If you consider to stay for budget and location make sure you speak to younger receptionist---they are actually quite efficient and pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>addysdad
<Content>Consistent, Solid, Hotel       ocean from lanai  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mitchut
<Content>Do not waste your time here The lobby is cool and the location is great, but that's about it.....even at $80 per night, we felt ripped off. We stayed here one night and left the next morning. The rooms are dark and damp, and very old. There has been some remodeling, but it appears to be purely cosmetic. The beds are honestly by far the worst I have ever experienced. Even my 6 and 8 year old kids said they could not sleep, and they can sleep anwhere. The complimentary breakfast consists of canned pineapple, some type of orange colored beverage, individually wrapped muffins from a vending machine, terrible coffee, and an employee who seems to hate her job. Overall, you are much, much better off paying a little more and finding another hotel. We stayed at the Doubletree for about the same price and loved it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alaskanbride
<Content>Good Value - Easy walk to Waikiki Beach We overnighted on our way to the Big Island. We were on the 8th floor in a corner room. There were sliding doors to small balconies on two sides of the room - great way to enjoy warm Hawaiian air. Noises of big city were a bit annoying but the room was comfortable, clean. Staff was great. Basic continental breakfast offered on 14th floor -good view! Pool area small but very nice. We checked out at 11am, left our luggage with front desk and explored Waikiki Beach - easy walk from Hotel. The hotel gave us complimentary access to a travelers room; a room with only a living room and bathroom which made for easy cleanup and a nice wait until it was time to go to the airport.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nickwhite26
<Content>Okay hotel       View from the pool area  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller889
<Content>Great service! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the gateway hotel. The staff were extremely helpful, friendly and accomodating...special mention to Jon at the front desk. The hotel is located on one of the main streets - neighbours are Nike, Tiffany etc. Though (some) of the rooms are a little dated, for the price you pay and the amount of time you actually spend in it, I certainly had no complaints...we had 3 single beds in ours and the room was extremely comfortable and spacious. With the free internet provided in a dedicated room, the free breakfast and hospitality suite (for use by those with late flights), this hotel is simply great value. I would definitely recommend it to budget conscious travellers who still expect customer service and comfort.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>2travelisgreat
<Content>This hotel is excellent for location to convention center, service This hotel is excellent for the price. It is very clean with excellent knowlegeable polite staff. Close to the convention center.walking distance and you can't get lost..and for thoes of you on government per diem is well within the per diem. You can walk thru the park to the beach by Hale Koa and the Sheraton. Has a trolley stop too right outside the doorIf you go towards the marina--to the right--out the side door--you will find many economical places to eat...While it does not have all the amenities that a 5 star hotel would have--this hotel is well worth taking a look at....they have their own internet site and you can arange shuttle service there also..the hotel has free internet,refrigerator in room, and a guest comfort room to use while you are waiting for your late night flight...there was no charge to store my bags...I will stay here again when next in the area--in the pent house  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>isabelleSydney
<Content>great reception Our flight arrived in Honoululu early and we got to the hotel way before the check in time - but after travelling overnight - our family was tired and wanted a bed and shower before we hit Waikiki. The young man at the reception was great - he did not hesitate to check us in early and was more than helpful. Whilst the room itself was nothing fancy - but hey you get what you pay for and beside we were out most of the day. On the day of departure - once again we had a late flight which meant checking out and hanging around until time to leave for the airport. The young man at the reception was once again fantastic - offering to store our luggage until time for us to depart and then ringing a taxi service at a set rate. Another plus - the hotel have a lounge room you could use until time to go to the airport. The location was also great - easy walk to the shops and beach.Recommend: Using their taxi contact - saving on fare to the airport.On our return trip - we thought we try another hotel - we were sorry we did, as the service at the other hotel was not good and did not have the saving on the taxi service.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aranryan
<Content>Practially lived here, Loved The place!       Large windows that overlooked the city and park.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Viscountess
<Content>Handy to the airport We stayed here on our last night in Hawaii as we had an early flight back to Australia the following morning.We had a hire car and were able to use their valet parking service (charge depends on whether you booked the hotel with them or through an agent). The room was average for a hotel and very warm - we did not use the airconditioning as it was noisy.Breakfast was on a balcony and nothing to write home about. Instant coffee in plastic cups, sweet rolls and that was it. Not much room to sit and you would not want to linger.Nearby the hotel were a few very good restaurants, the best being Keo's Thai cuisine [--]We had a lovely dinner there on our last night.The hotel is also close enough to walk back to Waikiki Beach which we did after dinner. Shops were open, the streets were full of holiday makers and the atmosphere was great.As a last night stopover the hotel is OK. I would not stay there for an extended stay though. If you like big breakfasts, choose elsewhere,  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kingmikey
<Content>For the money....good! Stayed this past summer. They are remodeling many of the floors of this hotel. The lobby is 5 stars...unfortunately you're not sleeping in the lobby. We were put in a remodeled room. The view was great...the location was great...the room however felt old and out dated even though it was remodeled. The price was great ($80). A fine hotel to spend your first day or two in Hawaii if you're on a budget. The free breakfast was nothing special so don't get your hopes up.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>72Mustang
<Content>Comfortable Stay Staff was totally great to deal with very nice as well as the Concierge lady. Location was good too. Continental Breakfast a bit scarce, but it was better than nothing I guess. I'm a real stickler for clean bathrooms and these bathrooms were VERY Clean no dirt in crevaces or corners; linens on beds crisp and clean, towels so soft and fluffy like. Carpet clean. Furniture needs to be replaced as well as balcony chairs. AC worked good but could be upgraded too. Balcony need to be painted and repaired as there was constant standing water in one area on mine. All in all was a good comfortable stay for the price. If I had to I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>softiegal
<Content>Good Hotel for the Price! We stayed at this hotel in January 2007. We were scared to stay here after reading all the bad reviews, but were surprised when we got there. It was a good hotel (for the price!) Pros:- Excellent Location - Nice view of a park from balcony- Nice big spacy room (and clean)- Great TV stations - Internet room was very handyCons:- Balcony needs renovations - Pool was very small (but clean)Overall we would probably stay here again in the future. It is a basic hotel, but worth it because of the good price.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>BondiBeachBabe
<Content>Why pay more? I've stayed here 3 times and find it to be the best value in Waikiki. Each time my room has been clean and well maintained throughout my stay. On my last visit I was upgraded to a room with beautiful ocean and park views and 2 balconies. The parking area is small but I have never been turned away due to it being full, the staff are always accommodating. I have also stayed at the Marriot (formerly Regent) and the Waikiki Parc. Both cost more than double, had a shorter walk to the beach and nicer pools but I would not go back while the gateway has the excellent prices that it does. This hotel is NOT the royal hawaiian or the halekulani, but it doesnt pretend to be. When I'm in waikiki I spend my time at the beach, strolling the streets, seeing the sights, not at my hotel. If you want resort facilities go to the hilton hawaiian village. If you want a conveniently located hotel at a fantastic price then I recommend the waikiki gateway.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kimmedeiros
<Content>Location, location, location!! Although the room was small, the price was excellent ($84/nt. deluxe room). It is as it says, the Gateway to Waikiki. The room was clean. We only stayed for 2 nights. The bathroom did show signs of age and there was some mold in the corners if you looked really hard. The room was quiet and me an my 2 teenage sons did have a good rest.In the morning. There was a continental breakfast, I think it was on the 16th floor Lanai (patio) overlooking the streets and small park next to the hotel. The staff was very nice, and served our toast for us. It was an assortment of cereals, toast, bagels, fruits, and juice. Not a gourmet meal, but something to get you started for the day. Starbucks is about 3 minutes walk away, and Burger King is the next street over along with tons of little local style places to eat.The entire Waikiki strip was within a 5 minute walk. Directly across the hotel was a 5 story Nike Store. The stores that were withing walking distance were all Rodeo Drive Type stores. The streets were extremely clean and well lit. Waikiki Beach and was a short 10 minute walk away, and in between that there were at least 3 shopping centers including the International Market Place, Waikiki, Shopping Plaza, and numerous surf and tourist shops.The swimming pool was not really a pool, just about 6 feet wide by about 20 feet long and only 4 feet deep in most places. My kids used it, but kids enjoy anything with the water. Don't spend time at the pool! Walk to Waikiki Beach!Since I was not comfortable driving in Oahu (their streets are like LA!), I didn't rent a car. There was no need for this as this hotel has the City Bus stopping right outside it's door every 20 minutes. We were able to get all over the island just on $2 per person bus fare and asking for a transfer (It has to be used within 2 hours of getting off the bus). Ala Moana Shopping Center (The biggest mall in the state) has a shopping shuttle that runs every 10 minutes and stops right in front of the hotel. There are also taxis that stop in front of the hotel, but they were really expensive!! We ended up catching one to the airport which is only 15 minutes away and it cost us $35.All in all, this was a great hotel for a short term stay. Not big enough for families, but good for couples or singles on a business trip that would not spend too much time in a hotel room anyway.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Warno
<Content>very surprised I spent 8 nights at the Gateway and i have no serious complaints, I really enjoyed it. The lobby, which has just been renovated, has a japanese theme to it and as such is very clean and orderly. the rooms were adequate with two double beds, decent sized bathroom and balcony. there were no cigarette smells or stains on the carpet or some of the other things you read in other reviews of this hotel. the hallway on our floor was old and dated but you spend even less time in the hallways than you do the actual rooms so who cares. my guess is they are renovating the penthouse hallways and rooms and working their ways downwards. we were on the 9th floor and had a nice Ewa view. the pool is small with only a half dozen lounge chairs around it but for the most part I had it all to myself. The water is icy cold but after a hot day in the sun I found this refreshing. The staff were really friendly and helpful, giving info on the local bus routes or restaurants or whatever. the hotel manager helped me out to the curb with our bags to the transfer van when we were leaving while the driver of the van just stood there so he got the tip instead of the driver. Nick's restaurant which is on the property is a very classy upscale seafood place. The gateway is central to all other entertainment establishments i like to frequent when I'm in waikiki. The beach is a ten minute walk through fort derussy park but its a nice walk with curving paths through clusters of palm trees. The business centre has free high speed internet which came in handy when i was looking up some of the activities we did such as sea kayaking or trekking up diamond head.the only complaint i have, and its minor, is that there is no washroom on the 4th floor that has the pool so you have to go back up to your room when you have to go to the bathroom. Also, if you rent a car and park it at the hotel its $15 a day. they will keep charging you this $15 everyday whether or not you still have the car parked there so when you return your rental car inform them you want the charge stopped. they put two extra days worth of parking on my bill because it automatically rolls over but the manager immediately removed these charges after i said i only had the car there for one day. he didn't even want proof he just took me on my word so that was cool. its a bit noisy because the hotel is where Kuhio and Kalakaua, the two main streets, converge. It didn't bother me though because my wife and I were out of the hotel everyday by 9am and not back until dinner time.for the price i paid per night (80 bucks) this was a great hotel and i wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. i've been to Oahu 6 times now and this was one of the best visits i've had and the gateway played a large part in that. mahalo nui loa  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AussieOptimistr
<Content>Don't be nitpicking We have been to Hawaii 14 times in the last 20 years stayed at the Gateway 8 of them and are going back again next month. We were a little dubious after reading so many negative reviews, but most complaints are about the cost/lack of parking facilities - who needs them, there is a bus stop right outside the door and another right across the road? The other complaints were mainly about the free breakfast - what do people expect , a full buffet breakfast? The fact they only give one inital sachet of coffee and you have to buy it after that also rankled. Well every other motel we've stayed at in Canada and the mainland USA did exactly that. Mould was another common complaint, well hey, we have mould in our bathroom at home and we don't even live in the tropics. It seems some people expect 5 star accommodation at 3 star prices. We choose to stay 2 weeks at a cheaper resort than 1 week at a more expensive place that, from past experience is not necessarily any better. You are out most days, and who sleeps in the fancy foyers?We will write again after we get back, and hope our optimism is well founded and that the renovations since we were last there and the Aloha Spirit make this holiday as enjoyable as our others .  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>wylib
<Content>Truly awful First of all, save your receipts -- these people are dishonest. They billed us twice for a single night's stay, which we're now having to hassle a refund for their error.This may have been a great hotel in the 1960s, but it desperately needs an upgrade -- there are all sorts of stained tiles and cracked walls, giving a general sense of disrepair and grunginess. The cleaning could best be described as a whistle and a prayer -- after a few days they stopped leaving in-room coffee makings for us. Breakfast on the Lanai, as others have noted, was a pathetic joke -- although the view was beautiful, and if management would just put some work and money into upgrades it could be great.There are lots of better deals than this place.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	4	

<Author>Bookemdanno
<Content>Overpriced in paradise Thsi hotel used to be a local-friendly hotel but no longer. In Hawaii, locals get a residential rate called a Kamaaina rate. This hotel booked me into a deluxe room for $161/ night and when I checked in was supposedly upgraded to a premium room at no extra charge. I found out from a night asst mgr. that the room I was in was supposed to be $128/ night and this was the premium rate for this room. With the Kamaana rate, the deluxe ' rate should have been less than this. We tried to question the management and was told that if I checked the online rate, I would see that the rate is correct. They said that they would reduce my second nights stay but not New Years eve (the night before) rate because of it being a higher rate. I told them that it seemed like they were making up their own rates and hung up. The premium room, by the way, is the ugliest room I have been in for a * * room, had no microwave and the cheapest beds they could buy in Honolulu (two of them). The lobby is prettier than it used to be but that is where it stops. The pool area is decent but the bathrooms were removed to make room for a nail salon.My advice is, do not book here, there are many other * * hotels with way more amenities.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johhhn
<Content>it is what it is having seen some of these reviews i had to coment, yes its not a five star hotel but then it dosnt claim to be and the pool will certainly leave you amazed (if not happy), but hey you pay a fraction what you would pay in the hilton village and you can easily walk there and spend all your day there on the best stretch of beach in waikiki, all in all this hotel is what it says it is, a great base to explore waikiki from, clean friendy and reasonably priced  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Little_Me_2006
<Content>A Dump! This place is a dump fromt he recpetion up it is sub-standard. Totally disgusting the wholeplace. Gaps in the doors, broken facilities and not to mention the noise formt he streets below i couldnt even sleep wearing ear plugs it was so loud. Our bedsheets had holes int hem and stains and i would not walk around the carpet barefoot. It was luducrus to call this a three star it was a just truly awful. The pool was little bigger than a bath. The breakfast was served up high on a kind of balcony on plastic tables and cjhairs whilst some oriental lady served you doughnuts from paper bags on paper plates and juice in plastic cups. It made me cringe even thinking about having to return to this place each evening. I would tell anyone do not go to this hotel it is far the worst place i have ever been in!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful memories I have just been reading the reviews for the Gateway. I have come to the conclusion that us Aussies must be far more laid back and carefree than some from other countries.We tended to accept the Gateway for what it is ,not what it COULD be,and put our energies into enjoying the wonderful island of Oahu. I stayed at the Gateway in June '02 as part of a package deal with Qantas Airlines.(4 nights free accomodation with purchase of fares).My sister was also living there with her husband at the time so we were able to extend our stay for a couple of weeks.The hotel is in a fabulous position for shopping trips etc,close to transport and beaches.A 10 minute(if that!!)walk to the international market place.Sure the rooms are old and tired but ours(on the 12th floor) was clean,sheets and bedding clean,bed comfortable and plenty of hot water.What more do you want.!!!! I am hoping to come back in 06-07 and I will DEFINATELY stay again .Mahalo  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheTruth1
<Content>It's okay We stayed at the Waikik Gateway hotel after weighing the pros and the cons. Here's a short summary:Pro:- Low price- Convenient location (Close to all the nice shops, Waikiki beach and bus stop in front of hotel)- Free internet access with 6 PCs- Outdoor Swimming Pool - Self-serve Coin laundry- Free breakfast- Great view from the balcony- Close to car rental place (1 block away)Con:- The carpet is really dirty- The furniture in the room was in bad condition- Bathroom has a wooden closet door that was rotting and some rusts in the bathroom fixturesThe hotel was undergoing renovation to improve the appearance. So, perhaps it will be better soon.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most disgusting hotel ever My boyfriend and I booked this hotel because it was cheap and said it was in a good location and because of some the reviews we read were pretty good and the pictures didn't look to bad. Everyone was so wrong and must have been blind. Well when we arrived at the hotel and got into our room it was the most disgusting place ever. It was a non-smoking room which had cigarette burns all over the rug. It also had what looked like blood stains on the rug. The bathroom was not clean from the people before us, there was hair everywhere not to mention the mold on the ceiling. Also they are no extra locks on your door. no latch, no lock nothing. I felt very unsafe leaving anything in this hotel. We also had two small double beds. This hotel room was so disgusting that my boyfriend and I slept with clothes on. Oh, and its in the worse location ever no where near the beach and a few blocks to walk to the busy areas. We were suppose to stay here for 11 days but within the first 5 mins of seeing our room we left and started searching for a new place to spend our the next 10 days and found a way better place that was cheaper and new. (We went to Aqua Aloha Surf highly recommend this place to anyone.) When we came back and told the front desk we would be checking out tomorrow he looked at me and said oh why?? I told him everything and he still didn't understand. This hotel is dirty everywhere the elevator rug is disgusting everything. This hotel reminds me of a hotel in a movie that ends up having a murder scene in the room. Its just bad, bad, bad. Not one good thing about it. Go somewhere else.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tourists Beware! I am a resident in Hawaii. So I got the Kamaina rate which is a discounted rate with a valid Hawaii Id. I still paid a RIDICULOUS AMOUNT FOR WHAT WE GOT! . There was an ant problem in the bathroom ( a really bad one at that!) My bf and I had to put chewing gum is some of the cracks in order to stop the infestation. Also one of the lights in the room was broken, the bathroom toilet kept running, and to top it off their oh so appealing FREE CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST isn't anything more than burnt toast and dry pasteries. Because our room was on the top floor we heard the hustle and bustle of the breakfast room accompanied by the annoying Anyone for more toast? At 630 in the morning. I have already made a complaint to the management that has gone unfulfilled and I have told all my friends NOT TO STAY THERE! So this message is specifically out to the tourists. I have stayed at many hotels before and this was the absolute worst!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>polarbear1aa
<Content>I loved this place and will stay there again!! I have read all the crummy reviews on this place, but when I checked the prices on Waikiki, we decided to stay there (we stayed 3 nights on our way back to Alaska from Kona).......and I was so pleasantly surprised!!! For the price (you can easily spend two to five times the amount they charge for a night), the place was clean, big enough and had the business center with free internet. The staff was wonderful and bent over backwards to help us store our luggage while we went to Pearl Harbor before going to the airport. You can walk all over Waikiki and the convenience of having an ABC store in the lobby is incredible! We opted for the kitchenette and it was nice. I really loved the hotel, will go back next time I go to Waikiki and recommend it to all my friends.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh, The View This was our first trip to Hawaii for my husband and myself. We enjoyed our stay at the Gateway. Everything is at your fingertips. The bus is right out front. The ABC store is right there and has almost everything you may need (i.e. bread,milk, wine, sandwiches, hotdogs...) There is TGI Fridays across the street. You can take a bus to shopping malls and restaurants (The Old Spaghetti Factory) or walk to a whole bunch of stores and restaurants (Red Lobster and The Outback). The beach is only a 5 minute walk. The rooms do need some renovations (i.e. new carpeting and the electrical outlet in the bathroom only worked if the cord was in a certain way. The carpets in the hall need replacement.) But, when you step out onto the balconly with that cup of coffee or glass of wine and look at that view and know you are in Hawaii, the carpeting and old furniture seems small. (We were on the 14th floor.) Also, the continental breakfast lady is so worth getting up in the morning and going to the 16th floor for breakfast every morning. She is so nice and friendly. All in all, our trip was great and I would definitly stay there again if we went back.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Value We stayed at the Gateway Hotel in August. We chose it for the value and we're a little leary about what we were going to get. When we got there, we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was very spacious and clean. The beach was a very short walk. Restaurants and stores were less than a block away. The staff was wonderful. Anything we asked for, they were more than happy to assist us with. Every morning there was a free breakfast on the top floor. The views from this floor were amazing. On our next trip to Hawaii, we will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unwanted Visitor We enjoyed Waikiki, but you should be aware that this hotel does not offer much security. We awoke at 9:00 pm to find one of the hotel staff in our room, unannounced. The room was OK for the price, worn but clean. Just don't leave valuables in the room.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StarfishCoffee
<Content>Be Very, Very Careful... I'll start with the positives, since every place short of hell itself has positives...* Short walking distance from Fort Debussy Beach (arguably the least crowded and widest part of Waikiki Beach)* Right at the conjunction of two major Waikiki streets (Kalakaua  Kuhio), so access to all that Waikiki has to offer is within easy walking distance.* Free in-room internet access (Good for surfing...not for downloading any large files...)* If you have a higher room, you get decent views of Waikiki/Beach/Surrounding areas.* Lost of convience stores (ABC, E-Z, etc) within 2-3 minute walking distance). There's even an ABC store next to the hotel lobby.* Courteous valet parking ($9 a day plus tax)...tho you might have to wait for them to get back to their post.* Good fridge (free) and electronic safe (not free)* Decently useful business center with free internet and 10 cent print outs.* Offers beach towels for free (altho, rather small beach towels)* Got the room for rather cheap (in comparison to the room's own stated rates)And now for the reasons I gave it One star...* Be VERY, VERY CAREFUL if you use a Debit card with these people. I had three holds put onto my card that totaled more than double what I could possibly be charged for a 7 day stay. When I pressed them about this, they admitted there was a mistake and cleared up one of the improper holds...but never got around to the second one. Would always say I'll take care of it or I'll check to see where we are at with that...but would never get back to me on that.While all the holds did go away (in about 6 days), it severly comprimised what I wanted to do during my stay. And the staff never gave me a satisfactory reason as to what exactly happen to cause so many holds.* Also: Be VERY, VERY CAREFUL if you need to switch credit/debit cards for your account. One of the improper holds was caused by their system not knowning how to properly work with a customer who may need to switch cards.And for some other bad items too...* Quite possibly the most uncomfortable beds I've ever had the displeasure of sleeping in. Didn't get a decent night sleep the entire time I was there...* Just did not feel comfortable sleeping *beneath* the sheets for some reason...* Room had a moldy smell to it...* Carpet had numerous stains on it...* Clothes drawers were old and rickety..* Paint peeling from a few places...* Example of cheap: Shower curtin rod isn't even connected to the wall...it's suctioned to it. Don't put any pressure on it...you'll get a surprise...* Hallways felt kinda dark and dank...didn't see any sign of renovation...* Probably the most lackluster continental breakfast...no OJ...no fruit...just toast, hostess donuts, coffee and pineapple juice* Maid staff is very chinsy on bathroom replacements. Felt like I was being punished for not reusing my towels for more than 2 days...It is true that you get what you pay for, but I didn't pay to have my concerns brushed off. The staff of the Waikiki Gateway Hotel presented themselves in a immensely unprofessional mannern during my stay. I wouldn't dream of returning.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Quinteman
<Content>Not Great, but Okay This property is a little tired. Needs some refurbishing. They're working on the exterior, lanai's, etc., presently.Rooms are simply furnished. The musty odour, It is the tropics after all, disappears quickly after the a/c is turned on. Again furniture, carpet, fixtures have seen better times. On the other hand the rooms are large and serviceable with a fridge and coffee maker. I was quite satisfied for the price. Staff are very helpful. Checked my bags for me as I had a late flight. In addition there is a hospitality room on the third floor for a shower and change of clothes before leaving for the airport. The 16th floor is the site of the continental breakfast served on the lanai. Could get crowded I'm told, but as I'm an early riser, no problems for me.There is an ABC store on site that can supply you with most anything. There is also a tour desk which is quite handy. Getting around? The Bus stop is outside the main entrance although everything in Wakiki is within walking distance.I'd definetely use this property again. Good value, good location, super staff.By the way, Waikiki can be expensive. Walk a few blocks to escape the beach area and you'll find lots of great inexpensive bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flyingmonkey
<Content>higher floors are better I've stayed at this place twice - both times i was looking for a budget hotel and not planning to spend much time indoors. The location is good (opposite Nike Town - about 5-10 min walk from beach, close to shops, restaurants etc). The first time (Feb 2005) I had a corner room on the 15th floor - nice views of Waikiki, good sized Lanai. They said it was a smoking room (I'm a non-smoker) but I couldn't tell - no tobacco smells, room was clean and a lot bigger than the only non-smoking room they had at the time (I was offered the smoking room at no extra cost vs smaller nonsmoking room). The next time i stayed (Dec 2005) I arrived around midnight and got a room on the 5th floor. It was about the same size as the previous one but it smelled mouldy and the carpet was in dire need of replacement. The beds really need replacing - in both rooms i've stayed in, they were lumpy and worn-out, the bedding was old (blankets were decidedly men's shelter) - the housekeepers do their best to keep them clean, but there's only so much they can do when it really just needs to be replaced. Overall, the place is OK if you can get a good rate and accept that you get what you pay for. If there's no difference in price between this and one of the other hotels, i'd probably stay somewhere else though (there are similarly priced hotels with better beds).  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jcintx
<Content>Great Deal I stayed at the Gateway because of the great price, $80 for deluxe room in Waikiki. The room was basic, but clean. Not luxury, but for the time I spent in the room it had everything I needed. Also, it was walking distance to the beach, a variety of shopping and restaurants. A great budget option. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OCDaddy1958
<Content>Not bad, not great Just returned from another business trip to Honolulu, stayed at the Gateway. The room was the $75 to $100 dollar range. Great: High Speed Internet in room no additional charge, Location of hotel near enough to everything and TGIF's restaurant accross the street.OK: Room apearance was nothing to write home about, but clean, shower (an this is a BIGGY for business traveler) was marginally strong enough. I won't hit them too hard, but it could have been stronger. View was nice (asked and recieved a higher floor) with big lanai. Parking was $10/day but that is typical.Not so hot: Parking while not over-priced, required valet in-out no ability to self park. Lobby was reasonably non-existant and drab. The so-called continental breakfast was pretty weak: weak coffee, small grocery bought donuts, pineapple-Orange juice, and toast. Don't include the breakfast as a perk when analyzing the value of this hotel.For the $80 price I paid, it was pretty approximate value compared to other hotels in Waikiki. Not for high end consideration, nor for creature comforts typical of a resort hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Don'thaveaname
<Content>Great Place I went to Oahu to visit my son (a Marine) and stayed at Waikiki Gate from Aug. 12th to Aug 16th. We thought the facilities were great. All we needed was a place to sleep and shower so we didn't spend must time in our room, so for the price, we thought we got a great deal! There was construction going on, but we didn't notice it much. I really enjoyed the free internet on the third floor---it came in handy when I needed to mapquest a destination. It's close to the beach and the staff is wonderful!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value My 14 year old daughter and I visited the Waikiki Gateway in early August. 2005. It is an older hotel, but seems to be undergoing refurbishment. Our room was very clean and the maid service was good. Only complaint was that the carpeting was in need of replacement. Location (at the head of Waikiki, a short 5 minute walk to the beach thru a park) is good and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. Not for those who require luxury or top-of-the-line accommodations, but nice nonetheless and an excellent value for the cost conscious. I've given it a neutral/average rating, but it should be neutral/average plus (just can't quite pull the trigger on an above average rating, but I think many would).  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rockchick
<Content>Good Location and Service, Accomodations, just OK. I agree with the other recent reviews. On the plus side....location is excellent unless you want to be closer to the beach, staff/service was friendly excellent, each request was met promptly. Upon check in, I was able to check in 5 hours early. Was given detailed info about the hotel by the helpful clerk. She gave full disclosure of the construction going on, and that the pool is closed, but can use the one across the street at the Ambassador. Price is decent, tho you can get a better prices at other hotels if you know how to use priceline. Priceline wasn't coming up with anything, and the Gateway was one of the few affordable hotels left as I needed a room promptly. I got it for $71. Room has fridge and free broadband internet in the room. ABC downstairs is convenient. Bus stop just outside. Good A/C. Rooms have lanais. Room size is fairly large. Negatives, desperately needs update, renovation. Hopefully construction is addressing that. So, some noise from construction. Everything is a bit worn and musty. Lower floors can be noisy due to street traffic. They said I made a reservation for single bed. Just because I booked for one person doesn't mean I want to sleep in a twin bed. But, I accepted the 3 twin bed room because I was able to check in early. I pushed two beds together. Room/hotel is not the cleanest. I found hairs (eww) too. A bit musty. Also, room had a funny food odor, probably from the previous tenants, but opening the lanai door for a while fixed that. One of my bed sheets had a small tear.So, choose this hotel if you need it for the price/location/staff. Otherwise, other budget hotels will probably be a better experience.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Value...Tourist (not Business) Class I was looking for a location that was on all the major Bus routes and equidistant to the noise of Waikiki and downtown. The Gateway was the perfect location for this. I also appreciated the internet access in the business center. I wasn't able to connect to the wireless in the lobby that I'd heard about - in fact, the desk clerk (clearly a rookie) I asked about it didn't know they even advertised wireless.I found both the rooms I had were quiet and clean. Of note:- Nick's Fishmarket has top notch service, food and drink.- The ABC store just off the lobby has most everything you can imagine as well as a tall coffee for 89 cents.- The note on coffee is important because you only get coffee in your room the first night and the coffee included in the contential breakfast is undrinkable.- While on the subject of the contential breakfast served on the lanai on the 16th floor...take a pass...rolls and donut holes, watered down juice drink, and toast served by a female version of the Soup Nazi of Seinfield fame.- I had two rooms because the first night they put me in a room that was not what I had reserved. After producing documentation proving I had reserved and paid for a premium ocean view, they sorted it out and moved me. I had to curtail snorkling at Hanauma Bay to accomodate the move, however, the desk folks were extremely pleasant throughout.- While the Gateway is in need of renovation, the beds are very comfortable, shower water pressure was great, hot water plentiful, and the refrigerator and AC worked fine.- When I requested and extra pillow, housekeeping brought it immediately.- The expedia travel desk personnel are very knowledable and accomodating.I'd stay here again because of the location, staff, service, and value. Just be aware that the Gateway is tourist class accomodations.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Northernangel
<Content>The hotel is great!!! I have stayed twice at Waikiki Gateway Hotel and I love it there so much that I am going for the third time on June 23, 2005. My friends read the reviews and have stayed there five times and recommended it to me. The front desk were like family and so helpful to me. The room was clean and I love the use of the free internet in their lobby.The continental breakfast is good too every morning.You receive value for your money. I highly recommend it to anyone.NorthernAngel from Toronto  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An OK place, with Internet access We stayed here for a week, and I attended an event at the Convention Center. It was a good central location, enabling me to walk to the Convention Center, and my family to walk to the beach and Waikiki. It's very basic accomodations and a little old, but I thought it was fine.The continental breakfast was not impressive (donuts and toast), and we did not check out the pool (why bother when there's the beach). The best feature was the Internet access right in the room. They also have a computer room if you don't bring your laptop.I thought it was ok, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price We stayed at the Gateway for 7 nights during March 2005. Great fast internet connection in the rooms..we were happy with this as we took our laptop!Rooms are very basic, but the staff are very very friendly and helpful! Really, all we needed was a place to sleep.. during the day we were so busy with the sights of Oahu, we werent in our rooms during the day anyway. Rooms are clean and tidy, furniture may be a bit dated, but the beds were comfy and the rooms were serviced daily! Quick walk to the beach, and if you stay here, you got to try the restaurant across the road (TGIF)..!! Yummy... great food, and their mozarella cheesticks are to die for!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Member From Shellharbour Australia
<Content>A bit worn but reasonable value for money If you are fairly easy going, not too fussy and dont plan on staying in your room for any length of time then this hotel warrants consideration. Rather old and tired in most places but it is clean. Not too long a walk to the beach or main part of Waikiki. Tiny pool but it will cool you down. If you are on a tight budget and want to be reasonably close to beach etc. then this could be the place for you. If you have a little more money to splurge with then another hotel might suit you better.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place My wife and I have stayed there 6 times over the past 4 years. We found the staff very good and the rooms clean. We are going back again in March and we will stay ay the Gateway.It is close to everything you won't. It is only a place to sleep as we are always on the move. We both think it is a great place.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay here again. I read reviews posted here before we booked. But despite the warnings, the $50/night Internet rate couldn't be beat...and my wife and I (I'm an American -- she's Japanese if it matters to you) decided that ultimately, we'd be sending the majority of our time NOT at a hotel anyway. Parking? It's valet parking. They do the parking and retrieving. Zero problems for us.Noise? We were on the 12th floor across from Nike Town. Zero noise. In the morning, we could hear the buses below and some sidewalk construction.Breakfast? As with other cheap hotels, bought pastries, hot coffee, some juice and toast upon request. The service? Everyone was friendly and helpful. Location? Though it took about 20 minutes, we walked from the New Otani hotel on the Diamond Head side of Waikiki to the Waikiki Gateway...that's basically from one end of Waikiki to the other. It's not far from anything. The Bus to the Ala Moana shopping center is right outside the front door, and the Bus to Diamond Head is just across the street.If we got the same rate or close to it, we'd stay there again. At a higher rate, perhaps we'd look for a hotel even more central with a better view and perhaps a fresher continental breakfast...but, hey, going budget is going budget.Have a good trip.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go back I recently returned from a week-long stay at the Waikiki Gateway hotel in Honolulu. I've never stayed in hotel that was as dirty and as unconcerned w/my needs as a customer as this one. I believed I booked this on-line, so one big detail that was left out was that there was road construction being done on two sides of the hotel. I still have the sound of jackhammers ringing in my ears. Even on a Saturday morning we were awakened by the sound of road construction. The only 'peaceful' morning/day we had was our last day there, a Sunday! While there was a laundry facility on site, which I always find helpful, the two times we needed to iron something the iron in the laundry area would not work and we had to call housekeeping to bring an iron and ironing board to our room. The first iron had scotch tape on it to keep the on button on! The carpets were filthy in the halls, in the rooms and in the elevators. Local calls were .78 per call. On the bright side, they did provide free unlimited internet/computer access in a nice, recently updated room; copies were .10 a piece. However, on the day I needed copies, I could not get the technology to work even though I was following the instructions of the technician. There were coffee pots and dorm-size fridges in the rooms we stayed in and complimentary continental breakfast each morning; some rooms have kitchenettes, but the kitchen utensils varied from room to room. We chose this hotel because as graduate students we are on limited budgets. However, our next conference is in New Orleans and I'm pretty sure I won't be as budget conscience. I guess that old adage proved true this time, you get what you pay for. If I ever return to Hawaii, it won't be to Honolulu! Our best day there was the day spent driving around the island and stopping at out of the way places for fresh fruits and 'island' foods and seeing sites away from Waikiki. As the hotel personnel stated, the only thing free in Hawaii is the beach...and I'm surprised they haven't found a way to charge for that!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meyww
<Content>Hotel OK, parking BAD. I stayed at the Gateway for 5 nights in March. The hotel is in a good location with many shops nearby and an ABC store conveniently in the lobby. The beach is within walking distance and the business room has computers with ethernet hookup. The continental breakfast could be better since it was, as others said, just Hostess donuts, danishes, and toast with jam and butter. But free is free. Rooms are spacious with fridges and coffeemakers (complimentary coffee). I was fortunate enough to have stayed in a room with two lanai. One offered a spectacular view of Waikiki Beach while the other faced the Nike Town across the street. The elevators can be slow and after 10 p.m. they turn off the one that connects from the parking area. The parking situation definitely needs to be fixed. There were not enough spots to accommodate all the guests and cars had to be double-parked on busy nights. Staff were friendly.   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again at the Waikiki Gateway Hotel My family and I stayed at the Waikiki Gateway Hotel in April for 5 nights. Let just say you get what you pay for ($70 a night). We stayed in a eluxe?room on the 11th floor. I felt as if I was in an old, somewhat worn down apartment. The A/C (which were the old portable models) in our room could not keep the room cool at all, so it was very uncomfortable and stuffy. The drain in the bathtub was slow; therefore, I was in a pool of water while showering. The parking was terrible. For the 186 guest room they advertise, they literally have only 20 parking slots for guests, so I don have a clue where the employees park. When we got in pass 9pm at night, we had to double park, leave our keys at the front desk, so a hotel employee could park our car in an open slot in the early morning. The employees were very friendly and helpful, but I would never recommend Waikiki Gateway Hotel to any family or friends.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>spindle
<Content>its fine! I've just spent 5 nights at the Gateway, and found it to be exactley what i needed. Sure, it may be one of the elder hotels in Waikiki, but it serves the purpose well. The room was in good condition, clean,everything worked well, and the Business Room, with its new computers was a fantastic bonus, made it so easy to keep in touch with family and friends. There are plenty of places to eat nearby, and it is an easy walk to Waikiki Beach, or over to the shopping area downtown. Also, its location means if doing a bus tour, you are generally one of the first pickup spots, so you can pick the best seats in the coach, and also usually one of the first drop off points. With the ABC store in the lobby, as well as an Aloha V.I.P. tours desk, almost everything i needed was in easy reach. I found the only negative thing was the Continental Breakfast was not worth the lift ride to the top floor.  But, most important of all, all the staff were great, and were eager to help and please.  So, for value for money, i thought it was great. I will be staying at the Gateway again without hesitation on my next visit to Hawaii!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jillybeanb79
<Content>Great for the Price   showReview(1705760, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain   showReview(1563718, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great value hotel!   showReview(1280564, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Experience   showReview(1229668, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value and clean w/good staff   showReview(1221139, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OK (ish)   showReview(1107778, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Bargain   showReview(1027632, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great value for maney   showReview(432299, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zepp1435
<Content>?!   showReview(23108479, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Cocorin
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(22205974, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>akipoki
<Content>?#x201d;         
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21745318, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21745272, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21744936, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>uni2004
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20579229, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>karimer0
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20519078, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	1	3	4	3	4	

<Author>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20368132, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Miliy
<Content>K   showReview(20301909, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>mmay.n
<Content>   showReview(19690165, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19589364, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>   showReview(19234517, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>
<Content>()   showReview(18795505, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19172702, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19172621, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs moyen   showReview(18523198, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(17427331, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19171675, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Preis-Leistungsverhltnis   showReview(16589152, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19170661, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super bien situ.   showReview(15573474, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung sehr gut   showReview(15573473, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je pense y retourner pour passer mes prochaines vacances!   showReview(15573472, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19168163, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tornerei   showReview(13199227, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19167420, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19166619, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19166392, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19166200, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19165804, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19165696, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161977, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161908, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19161687, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BC??#x201d;   showReview(19160091, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich sag nur super!!   showReview(11389544, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(11382186, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19157742, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>strategico   showReview(11329638, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good   showReview(19157085, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19156500, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21800590, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19930173, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19928191, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19927528, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19926710, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925952, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925348, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19924253, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921243, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19920320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19920210, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(19919954, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19919829, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19919325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19919069, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19918729, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19916580, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19916567, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19916097, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

