<Author>Smokeybromage
<Content>A little noisy, but nice enough We booked the hotel via Venere.com for our New Years break,and had a good stay there. The room was a good size and very clean. I thought it was very reasonably priced for the location,very cheap minibar too. They put us in a smoking room without asking though, fortunately it didn't smell of stale smoke at all like they often do. The hotels in a good location,just 5 minutes walk from La Sagrada Familia and Barcelona Nord Bus Station, and we felt perfectly safe wandering round the area on our retuurn from nights out. The staff, whilst not very chatty, were professional and efficient. Only problem really was the thin walls which meant we could hear other guests through them!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>glassyraven
<Content>Clean modern hotel, good location       our room  window  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pigsfly1011
<Content>Good location for the price The Hotel Apsis Aranea was within walking distance of the Ramblas; therefore a very good location for the money. The staff was very helpful, and stored our luggage for two weeks when we couldn鈥檛 get it all in the car. If I am ever lucky enough to return to Barcelona, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dollar76
<Content>Theft From Room By Hotel Staff We stayed at this hotel at the beginning of September. On our first evening out, after checking in, we returned to find that money had been stolen from our room.Our room door hadn't been forced so entry must have been made by staff. We reported this to the girl on reception who didn't seem overly interested but eventually agreed to check the cameras on our floor. After giving her most of the day to investigate she still hadn't bothered to look but luckily there was another receptionist who made more of an effort and filled in a report. On checkout we made sure that they had all of our contact details and we were assured we'd be kept in the loop. We have not heard anything since. I have sent numerous emails to Apsis and not recieved a single reply.In conclusion - APSIS CONDONE THEFT BY STAFF.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>ae398
<Content>good location, near metro very good hotel. close to 3 difft metro stations. Girona station is the closest.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Stephanie99
<Content>Simple, Clean, Good Loacation Hotel Aranea is certainly not the best hotel I have ever stayed in, but it is by no means anywhere close to the worst. I booked my stay at this hotel because of the price, location and positive reviews that I had read. All I was looking for was a clean and efficient place to stay for a decent cost, and this hotel definitely fit the bill. Overall, I enjoyed my stay. The staff was both bilingual and helpful in regards to any questions I had. My hotel room was clean and rather comfortable despite its simplicity. My only minor complaints are that the walls looked like they could have used a fresh coat of paint and despite adjusting the thermostat, the room always seemed freezing (thank goodness the windows opened). The hotel is located a 5-10 minute walk from the Tetuan metro station, which made traveling to/from the airport and getting around the city easy and quick. The surrounding neighborhood seemed safe and offered plenty of bar/restaurants, internet cafes, and supermarkets. If you are looking for a clean, friendly hotel in a decent location and the price is right, then I don't think you would be disappointed in selecting Hotel Aranea.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Joe63
<Content>Will return again We just returned from a three night stay at the Aranea Hotel and would definitely return. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and very good for the price. We were in a room that faced a wall when looking out the window but it was very quiet. Location was fine for us as we are walkers. We were within 15-20 mins of all the major sites. Highly reccomend a stay here. Oh, and the breakfast each day was great.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cmsamb
<Content>Not what it seems On the exterior this hotel seems very nice, however once inside the service and rooms are lacking greatly. After 3 hours of sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for our room to be cleaned we received no apology whatsoever, and no explanation as to why our room took so long after check-in to be ready. Once our room was ready we were not given a key and told that since the system was down we would have to hunt down a maid any time we wanted to be let into our room, and we would also be lacking electricity once we got in our room since we were sans key.While the breakfast is very convenient again service was lacking and I had to hunt the waitress down several times to get her to charge my room and bring me the bill. The walls are paper thin and we could actually hear when the person in the room next to us was in the bathroom, or watching television, or in one case, having an all night party. Some pros to this stay; its a short walk to the metro, and neighborhood is quiet and safe, clean bathrooms.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>EoinMeath
<Content>Not as described in other reviews This hotel is not in a good location. It is in china town and doesn't feel safe at night after walking a few blocks. The beds were very hard and uncomfortable and the walls in our room were filthy. Room was small and had no view. The floors and walls in this hotel are paper thin and you could hear every movement in other rooms both above and beside you. ( Quite annoying when you are trying to sleep in.) Good points. Cheap and Air con good. Didn't ruin holiday because city is great...  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Diego_W
<Content>Bad Location and service, good rooms Now that I've been at the hotel I can麓t believe how misleading some reviews can be. There is no way to call this hotel's location even good. Basically you have to take the metro anywhere you want to go, maybe except La Sagrada Familia. This is not as bad as could be because Barcelona has a great (an affordable) transport systems. Also the area, although being very safe and quiet, has another problem, which is that there is not one decent place around to dine or even have breakfast. On the good side: The room and bathroom were spacious for European standards and everything was really clean. We had free wireless access in the room, which was a plus until it broke and wasn't fixed for two days.As mentioned in other reviews the staff is really unattentive (won't even nod at you when you come in) giving the hotel a really cold atmosphere. Their efficiency is doubtful too since: - They placed us in a smoking floor without asking first - When we were leaving they tried to charge us unduly minibar expenses - They wouldn't even apologize for not fixing the wireless access for two days.The only reason to stay here is that the price you pay (al least through the Internet website) is pretty reasonable for a 3 star in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	2	

<Author>dapurediva
<Content>The best hotel experience This was really the best hotel we've stayed at. We were extremely impressed with the service, the staff and the LOCATION! It was just a few minutes walking distance from all the major sites. I would stay at this hotel EVERY SINGLE TIME I visit Barcelona. Why mess with perfection?PS: I don't think I've ever written such a raving review about a hotel before.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>btnusa
<Content>Nice hotel, challenging location The location is OK. It is in a very safe and clean area (L鈥橢ixample) but the area was somewhat dead for restaurants and bars. There were limited quality restaurants within a short walk. Dinner around Sagrada Familia is poor. I recommend the short walk on Gran Via (towards La Rambla) or the longer walk to La Ribera. It is near a train station. The breakfast was typical European and good. The rooms were new and very clean. There is a mini bar and TV. There is an elevator and rooms have AC. Nice bathrooms. Free wireless internet in room. The staff was very nice but didn鈥檛 seem very knowledgeable about getting around town. Maybe they deal with more business travelers.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>50euros
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is perfect for short breaks to Barcelona, the rooms are very modern, extremely clean and the staff are friendly. The hotel is located in a quiet area about 15 minutes walk from the Ramblas area a taxi is about 10 euros. Although it doesn't have a bar you can find a local bar (it's a basic local street bar but they are very friendly) and supermarket just round the corner. Barcelona is a great city but you need to watch out for taxi drivers on the Ramblas if you've had a few beers. They either refuse to put the meter on and they vary the charges. 16 of us went went for a short break and the cost of the four taxis back to the hotel ranged from 8 to 15 euros from the same taxi rank on the Ramblas. You also need to watch out for prostitutes who run over in two's and threes and pick pocket you. One minute your minding your own business the next thing you've got a few of them in your face and latching onto you by the time you've pushed them away and walked away your a few euros lighter. This only happened to one of us during the stay but he didn't stand a chance as the three of the ran over. It didn't help that we'd all been drinking heavily so we would have looked like perfect victims at 2.30 in the morning. Barcelona is a great city with some fantastic sights, the city tour bus is perfect and very reasonably priced or you can use the underground system which is very easy to use and cheap 5.5 euros for an all day pass. Remember though as with any Capital city expect to pay capital prices its 5-6 euros a pint in most bars and even in the local bar it was 3.5 euros. Take plenty money but its money well spent and we all had a great time.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Elvtars
<Content>Value for money We paid more for this hotel than for several luxury hotels elsewhere in Spain. Did we receive the same or better service? Of course not. Why I am still saying it is good value for money? Because it was. Here is the thing we didn't know. Barcelona is a very popular weekend destination. Discount airlines offer convenient, cheap flights from many major European cities. Hotels take advantage of this and prices almost double for the weekend. This is lesson number one. Avoid the weekend if you can.The second thing that we didn't know was that with its first class facilities, Barcelona hosts many important international events thorough the year. The hotels take advantage and prices go up some more. This is lesson number two. Check the events calendar and try to avoid the major ones, unless you are interested in attending them. Because we didn't know this, we planned our stay for the weekend of the (Formula 1) Barcelona Grand Prix! Needles to say, finding a hotel within our budget became a nightmare. Finally, we found the Aranea Hotel. We were very satisfied with the Aranea, perhaps because we didn't expect much. It offered a very decent room for a reasonable (under the circumstances) price. Nothing really outstanding, nothing really bad, not too much to talk about. Some scratches on the walls and a half-broken hairdryer are the only bad things I could bring up. On the other hand, the hotel staff was really nice. It helped us with some tourist information and with recommending some nice restaurants nearby. The room was impeccably made up and restocked every day. The location is good, but not great. The Sagrada Familia is only a few blocks away. The other attractions towards the city centre are a more longish walk away. There are a couple of metro stations nearby, not really close, about three blocks from the hotel. Taxis are probably more convenient. They are plentiful, can be hailed from the street and because trips are short, they don't cost much. We had breakfast at the hotel twice. It was good, but we had better elsewhere. OK, this is perhaps an unfair comparison, since those were higher category hotels.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissV22
<Content>so-so The location, the cleanliness and politeness of staff were very good, earning the majority of the score. You have the Gaudi sites a short walk north and the gothic / born quarters a short 15-20 minute walk below. I only got on public transport once in 4 days to go to parc Guell, but I do like to walk! There was nothing wrong with the hotel at all but a bit typically bland and soulless - will definitely return to Barcelona but for the price will rent an apartment. Barcelona hotels are expensive and the Apsis Aranea did seem better value and quieter than the ones in the Gothic Quarter (which I can imagine are invaded with street noise day and night).The room was small and so was the double bed - a UK single and a half really. These corner rooms and the beds are much smaller but apparently quieter. However, the room did have an ajoining door to the next room and you could hear conversations and the shower.The only other amenities were a handy safe in the room and a rooftop terrace (which they could do more with really).I didn't bother with the breakfast at the hotel. It was far too expensive and there are a lot of good bakery's and cafes nearby. If you are after a clean, safe hotel to go back to after sightseeing days and late evenings then this is it. If you want a hotel to chill out and spend time in and be surrounded in the style and funkiness that Barcelona has in abundance, spend a bit more and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>BrightonMandi
<Content>Spotlessly clean We loved our short stay here. It was just a 15 minute walk into the heart of barcelona and far enough away to be peaceful at night. It was spotlessly clean with lovely, friendly helpful staff. Clean fluffy towels were replaced every day which is a novelty. We would definately stay here again  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ciaranroddy
<Content>No life or soul at this hotel My wife and I booked this hotel based mainly on the details and photographs provided on the hotels web site in conjunction with previous reviews on Trip Advisor.Whereas we were more than happy with the room we were dissapointed with the facilities and it's location. The overall appearance of the hotel was good it was bright airy and tastefully decorated. The room was the same. It was more than adequate. Each night when we came back from a full days sight seeing we would have liked to sat at the bar and have a few drinks to wind down. This was not possible as the bar was not open. During our entire stay the bar never opened once. Similarly the restaurant seemed to close after lunch. It was not to say that we arrived back at the hotel late each night, it was only 10pm. We ended up going arround the corner to a local Tapas bar and had drinks there.Furthermore their website describes their location as 100 meters to La Sagrada Fam铆lia1000 meters to Passeig de Gr脿cia1200 meters to Pla莽a CatalunyaThese descriptions are very liberal with the truth. To get to La Sagrada Familia one had to walk 3 blocks in one direction and then two in another direction. I would estimate this to be at least 700 - 800 m. As regards Passeig de Gracia and Placa Catalunya this first of all involved a walk to La Sagrada Famililia and then jumping on the Metro and then getting off 4 / 5 stops down the line.Overall if you want somewhere closer to the sites and a hotel with some life and soul, don't stay here. It is not worth the money.On my return I visited their website again to leave some feed back but guess what, the link has been disabled. I wonder why.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>gorles
<Content>Great 3* hotel This is an Apsis hotel. Very clean modern and comfortable. we stayed 5 nights and found it very good value.Good breakfast, same each day but with a range of choice. Modern rooms with great bathroom and mini bar. the staff were great, recommending restaurants, booking taxis and storing luggage. !5 mins walk to sea and centre of things.Can recommenmd La Barca Del Salamanca at Port Olympic for fantastic Paella around 16 euros a head. 3 portions enough for 4. Lovely staff too.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>desitraveller23
<Content>Nice clean modern hotel       View from top of Sagrada famila  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CouplefromCardiff
<Content>Comfortable Hotel was very clean and the rooms reasonably appointed. Reception staff were extremely helpful and helped us with quetions  problems we had.Location was OK, but not as described on the Hotel website. The bus station was about 20 minutes walk  the nearest metro was Monumental about 10 mins away.For a city hotel the rooms were quiet, despite traffic below.Breakfast is more of a Continental style with only 2 hot dishes which, although good, is as usual overpriced in hotels.Great little restaurant\bar a few doors away. Doesn't look much from outside but served great tapas very reasonably.Have rated above average because is rated as a 3*.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hayglopainting
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel!! Regarding the last review about this hotel - it did make me a little nervous as the general view has been great. However - I was celebrating our 4th anniversary with my partner - and wanted a memorable hotel.Having been to Barcelona before and stayed in the La Ramblas...I didn't want to go there again - as overpriced, and red light district springs to mind. So I'm happy to say that the Apsis Aranea is none of that.We flew Ryanair and landed into Girona - you can get a bus striaght from the airport and into the bus station at Barcelona (aprox 70mins) then its a 5min walk from the bus station to the hotel....literally a striaght line - sounds like a trek - but since we got flights fro 拢50pp - that was fine - bus tickets were 21euro for a return. On arrival - the reception was friendly and our room ready - earlier then expected. Okay, okay - rooms are small - but after the reviews I read - I knew what to expect - but you know what - it's clean - comfortable and laid out very well - besides - a hotel is somewhere to sleep comfortably - your not going to spend ALL your time there....are you?La Ramblas is about a 15min walk away - and the Sagrada Familia - abou 10mins....OR you can get the metro - about 5mins walk away - all in all - best way to see Barcelona is by foot. And a cab back from the Old City won't set you back anymore then 6euros. We felt very safe round the area of the hotel - lots of bright lights, etc - didn't run into trouble with the renowned pick pockets - but being from London orginally - we're already street savy - a lot of it is common sense, wallet in the front pockets for men - handbags held close for women!Breakfast was included in the price of our stay - for 2nights and breakfast, inc tax - we paid 拢114 for 2people...pretty good I say. Breakfast was the usual continental, ham, cheese, fruits, cereal, etc - it set us up for the day. We booked through: [--] - who were also fabulous!I thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are on a budget - you'll get a decent night's sleep....though as with all hotels - bring earplugs - it's your own fault if you don't!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AdeEndacott
<Content>Cheap, Clean and not much more! I stayed at this hotel on the 28th of November 2007 and have mixed conclusions of the experience. My trip was for business and the hotel was dictated by our associate or we would never have considered this venue.  The hotel itself is very very clean, in every way and the reception staff were reasonably helpful. We also had WiFi in the room. That's where it stopped.  The rooms are small, very small. There are 11 TV channels, 10 in Spanish and 1 other, CNN. Pay TV was not working. Do not pay for breakfast. It's rubbish. After taking a look over the offering, we chose to go out for breakfast. We would have liked a bar or lounge to meet in or wind up or down! No such luck. The location is rubbish too. There are no good bars or restaurants in walking distance. So if you want small, clean and WiFi only, this cheap hotel is for you. If you need a bar or lounge and fancy some TV late at night or a tasty meal. Steer clear. We won't be back.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	3	1	1	

<Author>CORINAIreland
<Content>Brilliant Stay Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel in sept for 4 nights, our room was lovely and clean. The hotel is in a great location we walked into the city everyday, it took about 20 mins and was worth it. Barcelona is well worth a visit plenty of sightseeing to keep you busy. The staff at the hotel were lovely and told us about the different city tours we could do. The breakfast was buffet style so you could eat as much as you wanted. I would like to say a big hello to Noelia at reception, lovely to see you again!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vovchik
<Content>Good Stay in Barcelona Me and my wife stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. As suggested by other reviewers we requested the top floor to minimize the street noise. We end up staying in room 701 (top floor right across from elevators). It turned out that both elevators had some sort of switch/relay box right next to the doors and at night they kept switching on and off and the switching noise can be heard from the room. So if you're a light sleeper, do not stay on the 7th floor. The room was actually descent size and a very nice and clean bathroom. The breakfast was OK, nothing special. Some cold cuts, coffee, juices. When something runs out, girls that wait the counter took their time with refilling it. Location is about 25 minute walk from the center. We end up buying metro card (10 rides for 7 euros) and took subway back to the hotel which stops 4 small blocks from the hotel (5 minute walk). There's a supermarket few doors down where we shopped for water, wine and snacks (good prices). Overall, descent room, OK breakfast, good deal.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Catd1
<Content>Clean friendly hotel Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights in september 2006. I am a real clean freak and worry that hotels will not be up to my standard - however, this hotel did not let me down. Spotlessly clean with nice laminate floors and white bed linen. The hotel is not for those who want something bang in the middle of La Rambas, but it is only 7mins or so from La Sagrada Familia and the tube isn't much of a walk either. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, instead we found a lovely, clean and cheap cafe near by. All in all, perfect short break in barcelona, clean and comfortable hotel in quiet area.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ian-NewZealand
<Content>Recommended We stayed here for 8 nights from September 3. Three of us had adjoining rooms on the 7th floor. The rooms were a bit small but the bathroom was large in comparison, There are wooden floors which are bit noisey but this is compensated by being in a quiet part of town, and the house maids are very efficient. The reception staff are very helpful and speak very good English. We used taxis quite a bit as we found them quite cheap. One tip though, if you have suitcases, make sure you load them in and out of the taxi otherwise the over eager drivers charge 6 Euro a case for loading them for you. We found the breakfasts too dear at 11 Euro a head, but for 8 Euros I bought a weeks supply of breakfasts from a supermarket 2 blocks away and ate in our rooms. The rooms had a reasonable good size safe in the closet. I was relieved of my wallet and contents the first day on Las Ramblas but unbelieveably retrieved it back within seconds fully in tact I suspect the timely arrival of two police officers on the beat just at that time assisted in the abandonment of the crime. What was a problem was we don't speak Spanish. We were advised that this would not be a problem as almost everybody there speaks English - Wrong - Very few people either don't speak English or can't be bothered if you can't speak Spanish and we found those people openly rude to us. Most taxi drivers are in this category. I would definately stay here again. The free internet in the lobby was a bonus, We also recommend that you try eating down at the Olympic Villiage at Barcelonetta There are some great deal, like 5 courses for 17 Euros, avoid eating on or near Las Ramblas as they rip you off.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teena1014
<Content>Good Home Base We recently stayed at the Apsis Aranea for 9 nights. The hotel staff was great and the hotel itself was very clean. The value was great as I booked well in advance on the hotel website. The breakfast was convenient with a good choice of items, although a bit expensive considering you could go to a local bakery or supermarket for much less. There was a safe and minibar in the room...the safe is needed to store cash and credit cards so you're not walking around with excess. There was also wireless internet access in the room if you choose to bring your laptop. The only complaint, the TV didn't work...not even one channel. We're in a bad habit of sleeping with it on. Even though this location isn't close, we didn't mind. There is a Metro station very close and the Metro is very easy to navigate. You could also walk, and we did at times, although it was a 20-30 min walk to Las Rambles.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ArmaghArmagh
<Content>Great Location Stayed here with friends when at the U2 gig in Camp Nou. Hotel location was great as it 5 minutes from the Sagrada Familia and 10 minutes from Place de la catalunia (spelling!)Rooms were clean and modern. Not very big but that it what you expect with most european city centre hotels. Breakfast was adequate but be warned it finishes at 1000AM. Not 1001 AM but 1000 on the button. Staff are effecient and they will wip it away from under your nose if your not careful. Good modern hotel though.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>msnmsn
<Content>clean and helpful staff Stayed there in June. The desk staff were very accommodating. Spoke English well. Very clean room, altho' somewhat small but with a large well-equipped bath. The location was a short walk to the Sagrada Familia but not near anything else. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cassiya
<Content>Does the job We spent 5 nights at the Apsis Aranea and the location of this hotel is superb. It is two blocks from the Sagrada Famillia, 15mins walk from the Arc de Triumf and Girona metro station close by. When we arrived all the double rooms were booked up and we had to take a twin room as an alternative. The staff was very friendly and helpful in making sure we got a double room the next day. The twin room had a far bigger bathroom than the double room. Overall this hotel was very convenient and situated in a good part of Barcelona. Enjoy.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>njG-man
<Content>Very nice and Friendly hotel The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood and has vey nice modern rooms and bath. Short walk to Batllo and Sagrada Familia. Short cab ride to Pl. Catalyuna. Very friendly hotel staff. Free Internet in lobby. Free safe in room. Did not have breakfast.I stayed in a single room 402 for 4 nights and paid Euro 80 + VAT per night. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelgirlRi
<Content>Would definitely stay here again We read the reviews of this hotel and were not disappointed. The hotel was spotlessly clean, staff was extremely courteous and friendly and we found the location to be good. Easy walk to Sagrada Familia, buses and the metro. The hotel is located in a residential area. We felt extremely safe at all hours. Even late at night when we stepped out to use the pay phone to make international phone calls. Free internet access in the business center. The only drawback is the hardness of the bed and not much closet/drawer space. I would definitely stay again and heartily recommend Apsis Aranea if you are looking for a safe, friendly, clean, affordable hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lindylou2
<Content>good location for sightseeing in barca We stayed here for 3 nights from 20th - 24th March, the location is excellent, easy walking distance from 3 metro stations, and the Sagrada Familia. No problem walkingh to the Ramblas and the Modernist gems - as the guide books say. Several restaurants in easy walking distance and even more around the sagrada Familia (about 10 minutes away). Hotel itself clean and quiet except on Tuesday night when the recycling bins are emptied at 03:20(!), Did not eat breakfast at the hotel but had coffe and doughnuts in the cafe across the street - by the 3rd morning we were regulars. I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to people wanting a good, clean hotel in a safe neighbourhood.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Ginger_Rachel
<Content>Great Service We booked to stop at Hotel Apsis Aranea for 4 nights after reading the reviews on this website and weren't disappointed. We arrived late in the evening (about 11.30) after flying from Liverpool. As we flew with Ryanir, the airport was a good 1 hour bus journey away, however the bus station is only 6 blocks walk from the hotel. Although it was dark and quiet, we felt very safe walking 10-15 mins. Definitely no need for a taxi.When we walked through the doors, the night porter greeted us by name, knowing that we were checking in late (I had emailed ahead) and were probably also the last to check in. However I thought it was a lovely touch and made us feel very welcome after a tiring journey.We had a room overlooking the front street and the intersection. Although it was quite busy during the day, noise wasn't a problem and was very quiet at night. The decor was lovely - very minimal, white cotton sheets and not a disgusting multi-coloured bed throw in sight! The room was quite small, but we already knew and it wasn't a problem for the two of us.Easy walking distance to Sagrada Familia and the Ramblas - although if you are tired of walking there is a metro nearby. We found it great being a short way out of the main tourist area just simply for the quiet. Plus there are lots of fantastic buildings to admire as you are walking.Great location, great service. No faults.It's also worth mentioning that we didn't sign up for breakfast because the previous reviews we read mentioned the smokey dining room. On arrival we found that it had recently converted to non-smoking!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	3	4	

<Author>bparker245
<Content>Good hotel for the money, location is decent Stayed here for 2 nights. Hotel is clean, in good condition, staff speaks good English and are very helpful. Room was average for Europe in size, but the beds were very hard. Queen bed is 2 twins pushed together (very common in Europe). If not for the bed, I'd rate it higher. Didn't eat at the hotel, but there are plenty of places nearby to eat. Location is pretty good--near La Familia (main church in Barcelona). To get to the main shopping area, its about a 10 minute walk. Trams are nearby too, though. Its not too close to the beach either, but that didn't bother us. We were not there for the beach. if you wanted to walk to the beach, I'd say it'd take about 20-25 minutes. Cab ride is quick, though.Hotel is on an intersection that is fairly busy during the day, but not at night. Noise was not an issue. Overall, I'd stay here again if visiting Barcelona. It was a good value.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RichRichRich
<Content>A good hotel in a good location at a good price We moved here from another part of town to be closer to the sights.This hotel is NOT really close to anything except the sagrada familia (4 blocks) but is much closer than the business district.This hotel is fine, very new, pretty, clean, and neat, but:1. Rooms are quite small (not a big deal).2. Hardwood floors mean that the halls and rooms are quite loud. 3. Staff is indifferent.Oh, and the first night a whole fraternity of american kids partied in the room next door. Thank god they went out clubbing.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iHeartToTravel
<Content>Exceptional Hotel! Gorgeous hotel, quiet area, exceptionally modern rooms. Within walking distance to Metro, felt extremely safe any time of day. Business center offered free internet usage, although we had to wait 15 minutes, there was a nice lounge area with books to read about Barcelona. English speaking staff was quite helpful; they even let us keep our luggage at the hotel when we flew to Rome for two days during our trip. Lovely hotel would gladly stay again!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dfctrip
<Content>Loved it! My daughter and I stayed here in early August for 10 days. Very clean! We were happily surprised with the ample size of our room (604), especially compared to similarly priced accomodations in Paris. Clean lines, wood floors, a box safe was placed above some shelves in a nice sized closet. The bathroom was also a very nice size, squeaky clean and replenished with fresh towels and toiletries daily.  It was wonderful to return to a clean, comfortable, relatively quiet room after a day's worth of walking the city. The front desk staff was very nice. We found everybody in Barcelona to be warm, friendly and helpful. We also appreciated the location of the hotel. It is in the residential Eixample district which boasts wide avenues, plenty of little food markets, pastry shops, bars, etc. There were two metro stops within a 5-7 minute walk. (We used the metro system often ...effficient and no problems whatsoever!) We could walk to the main thoroughfare, the Passeig de Gracia, in about 15 minutes or less. We even walked downtown to the Barri Gotic (old quarter) of the city in half an hour. I definitely recommend this charming hotel! Have fun in Barcelona!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hirakata
<Content>Pretty Good !!! I was refered to this hotel by anothe rof the Apsis hotels and was very satisfied.Very clean and sleek but at the same time the staff made you feel at ease and welcome.Rooms and facilities - excellent. The free comnputer room was a godsend as i had to try and book flights at the last minute.Location is away from the main sights but the metro is only 5 minutes walk so its easy to get around.Also its not so touristy and crowded in this area, so its not as frenetic as the Plaza Catalunya and Ramblas area  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Practical comments - please read the NB Just back from a 4 night break (Friday out, Tuesday return). The hotel is in a residential area and is well served by local facilities - supermarket, fruit  veg shops, bar-restaurants, pharmacies and pastry/coffee shops. It's a few blocks walk to the nearest tube stations and Sagrada Familia. The hotel is clean, bright and recently decorated. We didn't eat in, as breakfast is better taken in coffee shops like the locals and we were never there for lunchtime. If you book here, I would advise using the hotel's own web site. You will get reservation  cancellation numbers. It may be possible to cancel/rebook and get a cheaper deal. NB - all visitors. Several rooms per floor are at the back of the hotel and have a view of concrete/brick walls only - but for this I would have rated the hotel higher, unfortunately the hotel was full and so we could not change. The only advantage to being at the back is that the room was very quiet. However, the area is not noisy at night so I would recommend specifying a front facing in your booking. The bedroom we had was on the small size (shoe prints on the wall either side of the bed!!!), though the bathroom was excellent. The air-con was effective, though too noisey to run at night. Hotel staff are multi-lingual. All in, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed there last August (2005). I would definatly recommend it. It's in a quiet location about 15 mins walk to Las Ramblas. Room a little small but very modern and spotlessly clean. Room made up every day and clean towels left. Metro station just up the road. Staff friendly and helpful. Didn't bother with breakfast so can't comment on it but its as good as i've ever stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>icelolly08
<Content>Great We stayed in feb 2005, travelled from prestwick airport, bus trip took about 45-60 mins but again we were lucky as bus stop only 5-10 min walk to hotel so great. we travelled with a two year old who had just left her cot and just started sleeping in a cot bed, we arrived later in the evening so keen to get settled. On arrival hotel was clean and very stylish, room was on 3rd floor to the rear, but to our horror the windows did not lock we had booked a triple bed rm, we promplty asked to be moved as this window issue was a danger to our 2 yr old, but told no rooms avaiable until the morning, so we never slept a wink. Moved next day to the lowest floor, but they could only offer a double bed for 3 of us to sleep in!!! with no reduction in room rate. so apart from that drama the hotel is lovely wooden floors/ modern. The breakfast was inculded, only issue was it was full of smokers which is disgusting at 8 am trying to eat and breathing in smoke and our daughter had to put up with this, either should be like Milan banned in all eating places and soon Scotland :-)So round up lovely but dont take small kids, you will also love it if you smoke and eat at the same time!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DebbieGlasgow
<Content>Nice hotel Just back from a four night stay at Apsis Aranea hotel. For what we paid (around 拢40/room/night) this hotel was great. Location was okay although you may wish to be a bit closer to La Rambla and the Olympic Port for nightlife etc. 10 mins walk to nearest metro station. Room was quite small and there was no view but decor was lovely and rooms very clean. Reception staff were also very helpful. Didn't have breakfast at the hotel since there was a supermarket and bakery on the same street which were very cheap.All in all we were pleasantly surprised by the hotel and enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More of an upscale B and B than a hotel proper. Internet rate OK value. Quiet-ish location towards Sagrada Familia. 20 mins walk to top of Ramblas, 10 to Sagrada Familia. Travel light and you can get the metro from the airport to Catalunya station then walk 20 mins to the hotel.Desk staff almost all* cheerful and helpful. Minimal public space. No bar, no restaurant apart from breakfast, but decent catering at various price points round every corner. 24 hour business centre advertised on the website did not appear to exist but wifi available in a small TV lounge. Room minimally furnished but not unpleasant; limited stowage though - nowhere to park your suitcase apart from on the floor (anothe reason to travel light); short of countertop space in the bathroom. Ample stock of good sized towels. Comfortable bed. No do not disturb sign for the door... so annoyingly woken from deep slumber by over eager maid at 9 am after a very late Friday night.This was our first experience of the Apsis chain and on the whole, impressed.*I've got some sympathy for hospitality workers in Barcelona who must surely suffer from tourist fatigue but mostly hide it well!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>amberVenice
<Content>Nice hotel We just returned from a 5 nights stay at the Apsis Aranea, the hotel were situated in a good location in the city center away from the crowds, just 15 minutes walking to Pla莽a Catalunya, however if you don't want to risk to get lost (all the streets are quite similar) use the underground to move around...The only thing for which I was a little disappointed was the room, when we reserved it we asked for a queen bedded room and they confirmed it but at the check in the receptionist told me that there was just one room available with a queen size bed and that it had an internal view, all the other rooms available had twin beds...in fact the room was small and the view was over all the pipes of the hotel. Instead the bathroom was modern and very clean.The breakfast was average.Anyway, Barcelona is a beautiful city and I will surely come back but I'm not sure i will come back at the Hotel Aranea.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value My mates and I stayed at the Apsis Arenea for the U2 gig last August. About 鈧?5 from the Airport. Real handy for the Sagrada Famillia (about 5 minutes walk) and about 15 minutes walk to the Place De La Cataolnia. Room was small but modern and clean. Reception is modern and clean. The breakfast area is in the basement off the reception. Note: Get down early for breakfast as it stops at 1000 Hrs and not 1001 hrs and the staff are very effecient at clearing the breakfast bar in under 5 minutes flat.. Breakfast was hot buffet style and of great value. No problem recommending this to anybody.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pavfec
<Content>Great hotel We stayed for 2 nights at the Apsis Aranea during our honeymoon. We really liked the location - a quieter street, near 2 metro stations, grocery stores, cafes, bars and sights. There are several cafes in the area where you can get toast or pastry and coffee for breakfast for a couple of Euros. The city centre is doable on foot. The rooms were clean and staff were friendly. We would definitely stay here again next time.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mowgli.hemoo
<Content>good location, clean and modern. the hotel is located near a metro station from which barcelona is easily accessible. the open top tourist bus also stops about a 10 minute walk away if you fancy that (it is worth it as it has three circuits around the whole city and you can jump on and off when and where you choose).the staff were very polite and helpful with directions to local landmarks etc.the hotel rooms were clean and modern, with large bathrooms. try to get a room at the front of the hotel for a better view!an ideal base for exploring the city.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigjules
<Content>Breakfast a rip-off We thought the breakfast was not value for money. They had cheese, garlic meats, toast and poached eggs. As we only had toast and poached eggs at (11 euros each) we thought that was a lot of money. The staff were too busy clearing tables instead of checking that the food bar had enough food on it. We had to ask every morning for the dishes to be filled up. Sometimes we waited 15 minutes for poached eggs and the tea-bags were extremely weak.The hotel was very clean and all we would say is 'do not have breakfast there'  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel off the beaten track This is a very nice hotel if you like staying away from major tourist areas and rather soak in more of the local people, sights. We got a room overlooking the intersection and had a great view. The windows are double paned and filter out the traffic noise. The only noise issues was one night some little kid down the hall was having a tantrum. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and the bathrooms are large for European standards. The staff is very friendly. Never had any problems with housekeeping at all. If you get a room on the 2nd level you might be able to get free wireless leaking up from the lobby. Otherwise, there is free wireless in the lobby. There's a nice little seating area with a large screen tv and some books that has wireless internet. Las Ramblas is about a 10 minute walk and Sagrada Familia is about a 5 minute walk. We only rode the metro once, mainly just to ride it. Skip the provided breakfast. There's a great bakery and supermarket literally half a block away. We bought stuff there and ate in our room or in the park. There's also a nice 24 hour locals place a few doors down that is part bar/restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dereks9658
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We spent 3 nights at this hotel and enjoyed them all. Room was spotless and very comfortable, staff were all most helpful.Recommend breakfast and lunch at the hotel (lunch particularly good value), but no evening meals available and the bar closes by 10:00  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RSnapey
<Content>More than served its purpose We stayed at this hotel for three nights, and I have to say that for what you pay it's an excellent choice. The rooms are clean, bright and modern with Air Conditioning so you don't have to leave your window open to the traffic noise, although this isn't bad at night. The location is good, just 5 minutes walk from Sagrada Familia and about 20 minutes walk from La Rambla. If you don't fancy the walk, the Tube is a cheap and easy option. The Hotel staff were helpful and multi lingual, and they'll stoore your bags for you if you arrive too early or if your flights quite a few hours after check-out. It's convienient for the airports, with our taxi from Barcelona airport costing just over 20 euros. All in all I thought this was an outstanding Hotel for just over 拢50 a night, and would definitely go back there next time we visit this fantastic City.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good! The reviews for this hotel were quite misleading and had me and my 3 friends worried about our stay but we stayed at the Apsis Aranea for 7 days in July 05 and really loved it. The hotel is cheap, spotlessly clean and in a convenient location. 4 blocks from Passeig de Gracia and a good 10 minute walk from Tetuan metro station. If your fussy about walking then its probably not the best place to stay but when your in Spain and the weather is as good as it was for us walking was not an issue. The staff speak good English and were very helpful. The rooms (we got 2 doubles) aren't huge but if you get a front facing room the windows are huge letting in alot of light and making the room feel brighter and airer. The bathroom is great; very clean and modern. We didn't eat at the hotel but instead had breakfast from one of the two bakeries round the corner which is a cheaper option. There's a great Chinese around the corner too. All in all a great, comfortable and affordable stay!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcharan
<Content>Excellent hotel We also spent 5 nights in the Apsis Arenea; got the same rate as previous reviewer; excellent value - great breakfast; central yet quiet location. Got a nice clean room on second floor- spacious, modern.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We are just back from a lovely 4 night stay in Barcelona. We stayed in the Apsis Aranea, which is outside the main part of Barcelona but only 20 min stroll from the playa catualya, which is the main square. Its a lovely clean hotel. The first night we stayed we were given a very small room on the 7th floor, although it was very clean we asked for a bigger room and it wasnt a problem. We booked the hotel on its website and got it for E60/room per night without breakfast, which was a great rate. I would also recommend the Turistic tour bus which is E17 for 1 day or E21 for days and it brings you everywhere! Also the bus station to Girona airport is only a 10 min walk from the hotel but do buy you tickets there the evening before as there can be long queues.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value for Money Just returned from two nights in this hotel, and we can't really fault it for value for money. The rooms are a decent size, well laid out, and with good quality finishes which the maids keep spotlessly clean.The only drawback is that the location is a good walk from the main Tourist areas, but only 5 minutes from the nearest Metro station, and handy for Gaudi's Cathedral.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CiaraB
<Content>Extremely disappointing stay After reading the reviews on this site I booked 5 nights at this hotel. We ended up staying two and couldn't wait to leave. Our room resembled a jail cell - one narrow window that looked onto a brick wall. There wasn't enough room to swing a cat in the room, and it seemed that many guests must have tested this theory as there were a lot of dirty marks on the walls (ok, maybe they tried to swing a suitcase rather than a cat)! The aircon could not be controlled in the room - it was way too hot and stuffy (what must it be like in the summer months I wonder). We were overcome by the smell of airfreshner (always a bad sign) on first entering the room. The noise levels were also high due to the pseudo wooden floors, guests arriving in at night at 2.30am, 4.30am etc, chambermaids cleaning in the morning. Staff were not very approachable. We moved to a 4 star hotel near the beach and it was bliss and not much more expensive. If you have a 3 star budget, shop around as there must be better value out there than this.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great night's sleep and everything works We are a middle-aged couple and we stayed for 2 nights. Smart, clean, modern hotel with a sense of peace about it. The area really felt safe, appreciated that after hanging onto my wallet all day. It is a short walk from Segrada Familia and a bit out of the way of the city centre but it's worth it for peace of mind.Most important to us was a good night's sleep to allow us to pack in sightseeing in the day - we got the sleep, no traffic noise, comfortable beds (firm but we like that), great air conditioning. The marble bathroom sparkled. The rich hue of the wooden floors and the open brickwork looked the biz.We booked through the hotel's web site which was cheapest - 95 euros per night for a double room, booked breakfast at the same time, reduced rate of 8 euros per day each, and we were pleased with it.The hotel advertises free internet access and a sun roof. We had to ask the staff for directions to both of them as they were not apparent or easy to find. The sun roof is accessed by taking the lift to the top floor going through the fire exit, climbing a short staircase then you have to walk across the back of the office then onto the sun roof. We enjoyed it when we found it, great place to recover and catch a few rays. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Would definitely book again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellerwithfamily
<Content>Excellent location Good location, clean rooms however staff were very reserved and spoke minimal English. Breakfast passable but nothing to write home.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Only_the_truth
<Content>Disappointed Having read all the reviews about this hotel I was somewhat disappointed by the experience we had. We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights (Sunday to Wed) over the Easter weekend. Yes, I agree it's modern and clean and the staff are helpfull,  BUTrooms are on the small size, wardrobe space is inaddequate, the traffic can be heard through the night, the residents in the next room can be heard, the restaurant was not open at night (not even for a coffee), the free internert access is 1 PC on a dial up modem that did not work 2 out of the 4 days we were there and the lounge consists of 4 seats on the first floor (again no coffee etc). Outside, there were good links to the metro (4 blocks away) and busses (2 blocks away). The Sagrada Famillia is 500-600 meters away but you have to cross the Diagonal (main road cutting throught Barcelona) so don't expect the walk to be quick, quiet or relaxing.There are plenty of Bars nearby that serve tappas and more substancial meals but they tend to be pretty unexciting fare. If I was going back to Barcelona I'd stay somewhere more central with hopefully a bit more atmosphere. Taxi from the airport to hotel was 28 Eur. On the return, we caught a taxi to the Center then the Airport bus. Total cost 14Eur.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gem of a Hotel!! I went there during the easter holidays, for four days, 3 nights. Found hotel great, friendly staff, definately value for money! Ideally located to visit all the sites, bars....Very Pleasant, would whole hearted recommend this gem of a hotel!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>poppi
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Aranea March 6 to 12, lovely clean room and bathroom, very comfy ...beds a bit on the hardside..but after walking all round Barcelona we both slept like logs. You need to enjoy walking if you stay here, it's a good 15-20 min walk to town...but nice area, and if you are lazy a taxi onlycosts citca 鈧?. Supermarket and bakery a few doors away also restaurants around. We had lunch at the hotel a couple of times, excellant for 鈧?1.30 3 course's and great choise. Did'nt bother with breaky as the bakers a few doors away had wonderful stuff in the morning. This hotel was excellant value and would recommend anyone to come and stay here. Staff where proffessional and friendly and they even had a computer room were I could go and surf for free....well done lovely hotel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poshnorris
<Content>Modern, clean and cool - would stay again. Really nice, well located, modern hotel with good facilities.The air-conditioning was a godsend as it was the height of summer, and my girlfriend was on the verge of meltdown before we arrived!Would recommend this to anyone - families, couples, lone travellers, as it is clean, safe, good value and over all a great base for your stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Full Marks for the Aranea Just back from 3 nights at the Aranea in Barcelona. My group numbered 29 (15 rooms) had no complaints, only praise for the hotel.Well placed in a quiet neighbourhood but close enough to central Barcelona,this hotel is modern, fresh, stylish and comfortable. Staff were extremelypleasant, friendly, helpful and courteous.The buffet breakfast was reasonable but be down early to ensure choice of fare.No real bar or lounge area but this doesn't matter as there are plenty of local bars/restaurants/cafes.Good Value Hotel - Smashing Lively City!!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelhilly
<Content>Nice hotel. Clean and stylish. We stayed here for 3 nights. The room was modern and spotless. The staff were efficient and spoke English. The bathroom was lovely, quite glamorous. The area was good for us. plenty of bars and restaurants, but not rowdy. We didn't bother with breakfast in the hotel, so can't comment on that. We would stay here again and were relieved to be somewhere slightly away from the centre of the action.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pilgrimfather
<Content>Hotel searching .. fine-time.com .. I found this great new hotel website for booking hotels all over the world. We wanted a good 3 star hotel in Barcelona and found on it the apsis aranea which i thought was just perfect.. 5 out of 5 for friendliness  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Federica
<Content>Brand new, spotless, real value for money - bravo! We stayed at the Apisis Aranea for 6 nights (November 24-29, 2004) and we enjoyed the very convenient rate of 57鈧?(plus 7% taxes) because we had booked our double room well in advance directly through the hotel official website. The bus stop of the Barcelona Bus connecting Girona airport to Barcelona is right in Passeig Saint Joan corner with C/ Consell de Cent: less than five minutes away from the Aranea Hotel: very near!This three star hotel is brand new, spotless clean, with contemporary minimal stylish decor and it is set in a very quiet and safe neighbourhood, within easy reach to many tourist attraction, and well served by public mans of transport (both buses and metro).We asked for a room on the higher floors not to be bothered by the traffic and we even got a room with a nice view. Double glazing panes ensure that you do not get disturbed even if staying in a lower floor.The walls of the rooms are rather paper thin and - in case your neighbours are a bit noisy when coming home late at night - you might occasionally be disturbed from the corridor. But it is not a major problem.Our twin room was spacious and the bathroom almost huge with a nice welcome set of amenities. Everything was very clean; towels were fluffy, big and perfumed: it felt like being at home.Breakfast was adequately priced (5鈧?each, plus 7% taxes) since we accepted a special offer promotional rate when booking our room back in August. You get various types of Spanish hams and assorted cheeses, cornflakes, juices, eggs, cakes, puddings, several kinds of bred, tea, or coffee鈥ot the huge Austrian-style breakfast we love but definitely filling and good value for money if you secure the 5鈧?promotional rate. We did not notice major delays when eggs or other goodies were running out at the busiest time but, if you want to enjoy your breakfast in blissful tranquillity, we would recommend you should avoid peak hours between 9 and 10. The perfect time to have breakfast with no rush seemed to us between 8 and 8:30 The hotel staff was very kind and helpful.There is a nice cosy sitting room with plasma TV and a small business office with free high-speed internet access on the mezzanine floor.We loved our stay and would definitely recommend the hotel for budget conscious tourists looking for a real value-for-money type of accommodation in a fashionable district of Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - Great Bargain I stayed at the Aranea for 6 days in late November and found it to be very nice. The room and bathroom were modern and comfortable. I received a very competitive rate by booking in advance on the internet. And I took the 5 Euro per person advance internet breakfast special, which I thought was well worth the price. As a few people have pointed out the breakfast buffet ran out of some food if I ate later in the morning. But I did not experience the long replenishment time that one or two people did. The hotel requires some walking to get to many key sites, but it is in a good neighborhood. Overall I was very pleased with the hotel and the value it provided and would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>claus_pusch
<Content>Good choice at interesting price I have stayed at the Apsis Aranea hotel in November 2004. I had a single room on the 7th floor, small - as singles use to be - but with a very nice view. The room and all the hotel are new and beautifully styled. Staff was very friendly and - as I could observe - fluent in many languages (including the autochthonous Catalan language, which unfortunately is not the rule with many staff members in Barcelona hotels). I did not take the breakfast because it seemed too expensive to me (10 EUR + tax) and there are many bars around. However, the room, which I paid 60 EUR, seemed a fairly good deal. The hotel is near the Sagrada Fam铆lia cathedral in a rather residential area, not really within walking distance from the main shopping areas around Pla莽a Catalunya but there are 3 metro stations nearby (Tetuan, Monumental and Sagrada Fam铆lia). At this price, I would definitely come back.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>louie101
<Content>Above Average Stayed at the hotel October 14-16 2004. Room was good size though we asked for double bed when I reserved the room. We got two twins can't really fault the hotel since we checked in rather late. Bath room was big. In room safe and AC. Good walking distance to La Familia Sagrada ( 10 min walk) and to the metro though I didn't use it. I walked to gothic quarters, la Rambla, and central Barcelona. It's good 20 minutes walk. Quiet neighborhood at night. Felt very safe walking around at night. Not too many things to do at night in the area. Helpful staff. Was able to check out and leave my luggage there while sightseeing in the morning. (checking into cruise ship in the afternoon). You can get a better price if you reserve it through there website. There's even an option at the time of reserving to get the breakfast for 5 Euros per person (worth it at that price). Make sure you have a little map of the hotel. The taxi driver didn't really know the location of the hotel too well. It's not one of the more popular hotels in Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tom_the_Tourist
<Content>Great Place Stayed at this hotel over the weekend (Group of 5) and boy were we impressed. The place is VERY stylish and clean, staff are friendly, regular beds are fantastic (extra beds are OK but not great), bathrooms are very adequate, towels big and fluffy, minibar prices are the lowest I have seen for some time (.5 liter of water EUR 1.50, beer EUR 2/can), internet access in the common area/lobby is fast and free... all that for a price that (in our case) hardly exceeds what some nasty hostels would charge you. Can't comment on the roof terrace, there is one, but it's closed in winter. As others have experienced, we were offered the best price from the hotel website.OK, this is Spain, so the walls and doors could be more soundproof, and yes the rooms are not overly big, a triple room will feel somewhat cramped, and there are some interior rooms, but hey, they even painted the 5m x 5m light well. Do ask for a habitacion exterior (street view room), they're much brighter, and the street's not that noisy.We didn't take breakfast at the hotel, but from what it looked like it might be good value if you book in advance for EUR 5+tax, less so if you pay EUR 10+tax on the spot, but the bakery down the road is quite good, too, as is the tapas place one block up the street towards Passeig S. Joan.Location (Dreita d'Eixample) is not very central, it takes 20 mins to walk to Catalunya/Ramblas and 40 mins to Palau del Mar, but if you fly to Girona with Ryanair passengers, it's only a 5 mins walk to airport bus stop. Dreita d'Eixample is a nice residential/office neighbourhood that feels safe even at night, with plenty of restaurants, shops, cafes, banks, and with a remakable absence of noisy louts. Quite a change from the Old Town.All in all: Nice hotel - not 5 star - but top marks for style, cleanliness, and value for money!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic         
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel,shame about breakfast   showReview(2619888, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AntonyMM
<Content>A good choice but.............   showReview(2618782, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>WiMilwaukee
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(2606355, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>well worth a stay   showReview(2460056, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1893360, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swisstravel
<Content>Good   showReview(1839112, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelent Service   showReview(1750430, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peregrina651
<Content>Safe, Quiet Neighborhood   showReview(1555976, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soleric
<Content>Gemischte Eindr眉cke   showReview(23279068, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	-1	1	

<Author>checco80
<Content>aranea hotel   showReview(22979624, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale in tutto e pertutto sia...   showReview(22864138, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 molto comodo per chi viaggia...   showReview(22769585, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vicino alla stazione nord (dove...   showReview(22285759, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' veramente un bel hotel...   showReview(22305934, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto buono, in zona...   showReview(21617093, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brybry81
<Content>Confortevole, nuovo, abbast centrale   showReview(19957148, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati veramente bene...   showReview(20387204, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel, anche se non 猫 ubicato...   showReview(20237748, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo di ottimo livello...   showReview(20237747, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Corbatiere
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(19643142, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(20554034, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova vicinissimo...   showReview(20188491, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo non proprio moderno...   showReview(19997937, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wochenendtrip   showReview(18539230, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato in questo hotel per...   showReview(17202411, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel non 猫 male.La nostra...   showReview(17740201, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel di qualit脿 situato in...   showReview(17740200, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder.   showReview(17436892, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen Kurztrip gut geeignet   showReview(16609456, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Purtoppo 猫 avvenuto quanto di...   showReview(17272780, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(16609457, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>billo99
<Content>Ottima scelta!       apsis aranea camera tripla  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMA COLAZIONE - HOTEL PULITO...   showReview(16726121, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 situato in una buona...   showReview(13189226, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buena ubicaci贸n el el Eixample...   showReview(13548531, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>arwen2309
<Content>Se siete sordi 猫 ottimo   showReview(12945155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	1	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geniales zentrales Hotel in der...   showReview(13274375, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carloefrem
<Content>Ottimo hotel appena fuor centro in zona tranquilla   showReview(11959594, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute ruhige Lage, aber doch Zentral   showReview(11313289, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(11313290, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(11313288, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis sehr gut   showReview(11665726, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, aber sehr laut   showReview(11665725, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11665724, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Habitaciones sorprendentemente...   showReview(11426574, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super emplacement   showReview(11665723, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bella struttura, personale...   showReview(11426575, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il rapporto qualit脿 prezzo 茅...   showReview(11426576, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>COmplessivamente la mia...   showReview(11426579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un ottimo hotel, pulito e con...   showReview(11426578, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo e' stupendo. Nelle...   showReview(11426577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, super Hotel   showReview(11450820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima impressione...   showReview(11426580, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral, modern, sauber   showReview(11494018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein tolles Hotel in einer tollen Stadt   showReview(11494017, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11433078, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel in dieser Preisklasse   showReview(11433077, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11433076, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11433075, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder....   showReview(11433074, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11405870, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione vicino alla...   showReview(11426581, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>au troisi猫me s茅jour toujours satsfait- co没t du petit d茅jeuner un peu 茅l茅v茅   showReview(11399553, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s belle chambre (plus...   showReview(11426582, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel bien situ茅, bien desservi...   showReview(11426584, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel nuevo, con instalaciones...   showReview(11426583, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccellente. Metro a...   showReview(12648315, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel un peu excentr茅 des lieux...   showReview(11426585, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unglaublich f眉r den Preis   showReview(11399534, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Per noi era la prima volta a...   showReview(12650175, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11392914, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto davvero fantastico...   showReview(12649295, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strutttura molto pulita, con...   showReview(11426572, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GROS PROBLEME :On a choisi cet...   showReview(11426586, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo andati a Barcellona per...   showReview(11426573, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le camere non sono molto...   showReview(11426587, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Discreta locazione..struttura...   showReview(11426588, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cet Hotel est bien situ茅 pour...   showReview(11426589, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s confortable   showReview(11367253, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(11357627, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel f眉r St盲dteurlaub   showReview(11357626, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo a 5 minuti dalla...   showReview(11426590, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto sommato 猫 ok!   showReview(11339775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 un buon 3 stelle...   showReview(11426591, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlung   showReview(11331216, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo pulito e...   showReview(11426592, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel! Situato nella...   showReview(11426593, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo per rapporto qualit脿...   showReview(11426594, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buonissima la posizione,vicino...   showReview(11426596, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo veramente carino, molto...   showReview(11426597, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetta corrispondenza tra...   showReview(11426598, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La signorina alla reception che...   showReview(11426599, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-HOTEL zu fairem Preis...   showReview(11426600, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(11426601, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo situato in...   showReview(11426604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situato a dieci minuti a piedi...   showReview(11426603, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto alla grande!!Ottimo...   showReview(11426602, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Al gestionar la reserva...   showReview(11426605, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albego molto serio,il...   showReview(11426606, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La struttura 猫 nuova, si...   showReview(11426607, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo in tutto lo...   showReview(11426608, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 molto bello 猫 situato...   showReview(11426609, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel entspricht seinen 3...   showReview(11426610, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Complimenti, 猫 la prima volta...   showReview(11426611, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un ottomo Hotel per una ottima...   showReview(11426612, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La qualit脿 e i servizi offerti...   showReview(11426613, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

