<Author>DarrenLin
<Content>Not so good as expected 1. The bedding is not as expected as a 4-star hotel. The mattress was firm and the quality of duvet is not good compared to American's hotel chain such as Marriott or Hilton. 2. No air conditioner in the winter. The staff says the air conditioner is turned off during winter. This is awful. Although it is quite outside (except some noise from cars' horn) but it makes me unsafe to open the window when I sleep. I decided to close and lock the window which makes the quality of air bad. 3. The bathroom was stupid. Others has explained that.4. Free Wi-Fi makes it a good business hotel while other hotels may charge a lot of Internet connection. 5. Breakfast was good but a little expensive (17 euros), with a wide variety.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>mathers555
<Content>Lame Pool Fee The main reason i booked this hotel was because of the indoor pool. Nowhere on the site does it say there is a 15 euro fee to take dip.Very disappointing...  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wojamo
<Content>If we had been paying, it would have been a disappointment It's a long story, but this hotel stay was paid by someone else. We were at the H10 Marina for a total of 2 weeks, so we got a thorough idea for the place and all it had to offer. Overall cleanliness of the hotel was excellent. I agree with most other posters that the breakfast selection was beyond what we could have expected- it's definitely worth the additional amount to get the breakfast added as there is a great variety and it's great energy food to get you started on a day of sight-seeing. However, if you get to breakfast after 9, expect to be diappointed as the staff stops refreshing things after that point and everything gets pretty picked over. The food at the hotel (in the restaurant and wine bar) is overpriced, and not very good. But, the marina is just a 15-20 minute walk away with several good restaurants and pubs. Other than that, the hotel is not what I would consider to be centrally located. The staff wasn't really helpful as the bulk of them were non-natives (from Cuba, Uruguay, etc.) who couldn't give any directions on where to go and what to see. For the prices they charge for this hotel, I would have certainly expected more, but then again, this was my first visit to Barcelona- so it's quite possible my expectations were too high for this very expensive city.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Aussie71
<Content>Lovely Location I walked to the Hotel from the Marina metro station, but it was a bit too far. The Hotels.com site said it was 200 metres, but was more like 400 metres. It's better to use taxis as they are cheap or try another closer metro station (Bogatell), even though it may mean changing trains. On arrival the staff were nice and the hotel was clean and had a nice feel about it. I didn't use the wellness area with the indoor pool. It looked small and was 14 Euros entry fee. The room was a bit small and the TV didn't work so I needed to get that fixed. Like the other reviews, the bed was hard and the bathroom got very wet on the floor when having a shower. The best thing about the Hotel was the location. It's a fairly new area and it was a 5 minute walk to the Marina and the tourist bus stop which was great.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>shahug
<Content>Loved the H10 Marina We were staying in the hotel for a family wedding and there were 200 of us the hotel is very well located only 10 min walk to the marina, the rooms are spacious and the mini bar is not too expensive compared to other ones we stayed in. The breakfast buffet is the best I have ever seen you name it its there from hot food to cereals, pasteries to cold meats, breads to salads very impressive!! the bar in the lobby was great and they have the nicest white wine I have ever tasted the only downside they close at 1am even for residents. The marina has great restaurants and bars and las ramblas is great for nite life and food also. We spent a week here and I definitely would return again staff were very helpful in the hotel also would defintely recommend!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cdogg36
<Content>Will Probably Go Elsewhere Next Time Got a deal on hotwire for roughly $100USD/night, much less than what I understand the normal rates here are.Room was very small, but the view was great as we could see a little bit of the mediterranean in between the buildings near the sea. Location was in a quiet area, away from the scammers and pickpockets on Las Ramblas.I liked the free internet and business center. Common areas of the hotel were nice and clean.I had 3 main problems with this hotel:1. I was with my girlfriend and they gave us 2 single beds, not 2 doubles or 2 queens, 2 SINGLES. Worst of all, the mattresses felt like concrete slabs. There was absolutely no give in them, is this normal for Spain?2. Surly hotel staff. I dont know if they thought we were Americans, but they showed no warmth what so ever when we checked in.3. The shower was designed by an idiot. The door only covers the first 1/4 of the shower, so water gets all over the floor and soaks the bath mat, even though we tried so hard to keep the water in the tub. You can see this is a serious problem as the bottom of the bathroom door was de-laminating and warped from years of getting soaked by the stupid shower.Overall, I didnt feel this place offered much value and I would probably stay elsewhere next time. I give it 2.5 stars, not 4.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Ricardo11
<Content>Very happy as well I have to agree with most of what has been written in previous reviews.Location close enough to the Metro,and the beach,yet away from the crowd.Breakfast was very good.All staff were very helpful, with all requests.From the time you walk out the hotel door ,until you emerge from the Metro in Placa Catalunya is 20 minutes,and I was fine with that,less time to walk to the beach.If you read the previous reviews,you will find truth in all of them,but for the price,I found this hotel fair value.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Mark165
<Content>Very Good Hotel A very good hotel. Stayed there for 2 weeks.Good location to explore all of Barcelona on foot. A few minutes walking from the beaches, Port Olimpic, Metro, buses etc.A huge breakfast every morning.Very clean. Room somewhat small.Small TV with local programming and CNN, EuroNews, German and French channels.Staff friendly and helpful.Overall would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>maggs01
<Content>Not great - but above average Very nice hotel in what I consider to be a good location - 5-10 mins leisurely walk to Port Olympic. Friendly and helpful staff, in particular the guys who run the pool area bar. Rooms are a good size, nice decor and spotlessly clean. However the beds are possibly the most uncomfortable I ever slept in, and the walls are paper thin! Great breakfast, bar food is pretty poor and expensive 鈥?we did not try the restaurant - not when there are so may others great ones in Barcelona. All in all pretty happy with our stay, we had a great time 鈥?not convinced I would stay at H10 Marina again though  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HappyHollsNorthWales
<Content>Very happy We stayed at H10 marina Barcelona for 5 nights for our honeymoon. I can only say that the hotel and staff exceeded our expectations as did Barcelona itself.The hotel was in easy reach to most attractions at most the maximum walk was 35 min. Metro service was very cheap by purchasing a T10 ticket for 7 euros it allows 10 single trips, these can be used on the metro, railway and busses. I recommend that you purchase one on exit from the airport this will save you 40 euro in a taxi fare and will get you to your hotel within 30 min.The zoo is well worth a visit, costing 15 euro entry it is one of the best I have visited ever.The hotel itself was extremely clean with a daily maid service. As other guests have mentioned the breakfast was fantastic, the restaurant was a bit pricey for what you got but very well served and tasty. We will definitely book again  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>joylls
<Content>A 3 to 4 star hotel Modern outlook, okay location. The smell of swimming pool in the hall is not my type. Staff friendly but fair in English. Breakfast satisfactory. Lift a bit slow. Magnetic card often non-functional. Small single room yet clean. Some rooms' tv did not receive English channels at all. Air-con sometimes too cold. Too high cost (US $300 per night) did not fit in this 3-4 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Miffers
<Content>Great Place to Stay for a Barcelona Break Couldn't fault the service! All staff courteous and helpful . Superb breakfast buffet including bucks fizz if you want it! Had balcony room at the front with panoramic views of city attractions, spectacular when lit up at night. Rooms were clean, comfortable and functional. Loved the quieter location near Blue Bus Route pick-up points, beach, restaurants, Casino and the Zoo at Ciutadella Park. Felt safe walking back at night. Taxis nearby, easy to hail, reasonable fares to city sights. Would definitely stay again and recommend to others. So much to see and do in Barcelona - would never tire of returning!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kitey75
<Content>Great location for the beach and a 20 min walk into the centre. OK well the hotel was clean and tidy, smart and classy in fact. The staff were friendly and helpfull. The location was great for us, we didn't want to be in the centre of Las Ramblas but not a million miles away either. The hotel is a 5 min walk to the casino and all the wonderfull seafood restaurands around it.. The hotel swimming pool is not big by any stretch of the imagination however it does have a good feel to it and the barmen are great, this said you have to get in early to grab a sunbed as there is only room for 10-15 ! I thought that the charge to use the well being centre was a bit steep but I only used it once so wasn't to bothered. The breakfast is great with plenty of varienty including fresh fruits, cereals and cooked foods available.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Littlesean
<Content>Clean tidy and adequate I stayed here a few years ago (sorry for the delay!) on what was my second visit to beautiful Barcelona. This hotel is a good clean hotel with nice tidy modern rooms, everything works and the staff are efficient if not over friendly. I am amazed at some of the reviews in here that have been quite negative and i believe that if you are nice to people they will respond in the same way! A great location for the beach and marina, taxis are easy to get, just flag one down for yourself instead of asking for help all the time, and so what if it costs ten euros to get into town!! Its no big deal, try catching a cab in london......! This is an ideal base for those seeking mid range accomodation, would i go back? Yes i would.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stewartscotland1151
<Content>H10 Marina This was our second time in this hotel,and if anything it was even better. We got upgraded to a suite, got to rub shoulders with olympic gold medalists on a pre olympic meet, and got Cava for breakfast!Seriously, the best 2 meals that we had the 10 days we were there was in the hotel. Amazing food and cheaper than eating out!You must go!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lyndallama
<Content>Great hotel - will go back again The only reason I have written this review is because some of the reviews on this site nearly put us off booking - and I cannot believe the extent of the problems these people have experienced. We arrived hot and sweaty with 3 teenage girls in tow, to a very warm and friendly reception (including a glass of champagne each for the adults!)There were no problems with our booking and even though we were early, could get into our rooms straight away. We also asked for 2 rooms next to each other which presented no problems whatsoever. The rooms were clean and cool (complimentary air con).The breakfast was superb (more like a brunch) with everything you could possibly want on offer. In fact we had no real requirement for food until our evening meal. Bar service was very friendly - beer was a little expensive, but for a hotel of this standard, not unexpected.The terrace pool area was a little small, but we always managed to get space to catch the rays (5 of us!) and dip into the pool to cool off. Our girls were very impressed with the hotel and the facilities on offer too.In terms of location, although not central, it was a convenient 10 minute stroll to the Marina and beaches, and a 5 minute walk to the nearest metro station.When we required a taxi on our departure, this posed no problem and check out was smooth.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel as a great base for seeing the sights and experiencing the beach, and my partner and I fully intend to go back again as soon as we can.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravellondonUKLondon
<Content>H10, hotel with charm and a personality of a dishwasher..       unwanted guests  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	4	

<Author>SteveandKimUk
<Content>Great Location for the Beach 6 months previously we stayed at the H10 Montecada Hotel in the gothic district, which was perfect for a city break, so we didnt hesitate at booking H10 again. We chose this hotel for its location to the beach/marina area. We arrived late Friday night, and reception was very busy, after an initiall mix up over our room (we emailed and paid in advance and notifed the hotel of our late arrival), they insisted thehotel was full, and no double rooms available! However when we showed them the email and the receipt - they backed down). Other than that great hotel, clean modern, nice room/bathrom, fabulous choice at breakfast. This location would suit anyone wanting to be near Barceloneta Beach/Marina/Paseo de Maritim. No good if you want to be in the city centre (although there is metro station very near).Taxi's 10 Euros into Las Ramblas, Reception were not helpful in ringing taxis on both occasions we asked them. But Taxis can be flagged down off the main road nearby (may take some time). Overall, a good hotel was everything we expected. LOL! the roof terrace pool was very small. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Bexster
<Content>Did what it said on the tin! Not a perfect location if you want to be in Las Ramblas (who wants to go shopping anyway?) as a 10 minute taxi ride into town (about 10 euros) but great for the small Port Olympic with its 7-10 restaurants, casino and small bars.I was with a party of 12 and had a great time.Breakfast was superb and the rooms were clean with working air con - it was very hot.Pool area small but well kept.Bar staff in poor supply all round - more that 2 drinks and the world caved in :-) Concierge helpful.Middle of the road price wise.No real complaints.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LucyS79
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location We (a group of 10) stayed at the H10 Marina in June 2008 on a hen weekend, and I would highly reccomend this hotel. It is clean, well kept with minimalist modern decor and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The location is also great, about 10 minutes walk from the bars at Port Olympic.The pool area is quite small, so if that is a priority for you it may not be ideal, but as we didn't have time for sunbathing that was no issue.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMGKent
<Content>An average experience We stayed at the H10 for 3 nights. The hotel is well located for the port area, which hosts some good restaurants and bars.The staff were friendly and we had contacted them in advance to ask about a childs bed and car parking. We were advised that there was parking but weren't told that it would cost us 20Euros per day.I also wanted to take our 2 yr old son for a swim in the inside pool as it was raining outside, but was asked to pay 20 euros for the privilege which I thought was poor.The breakfast was superb and overall it is a decent hotel without the wow factor.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>simiandeux
<Content>not 4 star! firstly the hotel is no where near the marina, check the location before you book to avoid dissapointment. The hotel is situted in a quite area which is way from the husstle and noise of the city. The reception area is very classy and sets a good tone for the hotel. the ceck in girl was very good and friendly and was able to give us our room dispite arrving two hours early. the lift was nice on our way to the room. in the room first impressions were ok. it was clean but some of the furniture was worn through the varnish tot he wood making it look tatty. The bathroom suffered the same problems mentioned earlier in this hotles report, slippery floor due to inadequate shower screen and roof slats that lifted each time th edoor was closed, in addtion the shower varried its temperature from freezing cold to scalding hot at its own will, the shower rail was loose meaning the head had to be held in your hand during showering, you could have had a bath providing you were used to bathing in a shoe box! the bedee nozzle end flew off soaking the floor even more! the bed had a broken leg meaning it rocked when you rolled over to one side. The rest of the room though was fine! the hotel has a lovely pool looking out to the distant sea and was one of the hotels best features, there is a lovely bar, unforunatly the pool is only open between 10am - 6pm meaning it is hard to make time for. The restaurant is reasonably priced and offers good value for money. DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE when you book this hotel it is no where near 4 star levels, if you get it cheap however and don't expect 4 star hotle you will not be dissapointed  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>DubSunWorshiper
<Content>Champagne on arrival        Rooftop pool  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarpeDiemGr
<Content>Excellent Staff I stayed at H10 Marina for 4 nights in January. It took me a while to find this hotel, but it is not that difficult afterall. All you have to do is check the horizon for two scyscrapers and walk towards them, at some point you will pass by it.All in all it was a very nice hotel, perhaps not 4 stars. The room was very nice, like the web images show, nice space and great city view. The staff is wonderful, speaking fluent English (rare in Barcelona), and provided us with area maps, circling the hot spots and metro stations. They checked us in earlier, and stored our luggages for a few hours on check out.Rooms were kept clean daily. Bed was comfy, no noise, absolutely great heating, WI-FI from the room. I believe I would book there again if I ever return to this beautiful, but really expensive city.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David_mc
<Content>Hear Here We stayed in the H10 Marina Barcelona for 3 nights after a week in Tamariu on the Costa Brava. The location of the hotel is slightly deceptive, not quite as close to the marina as expected but still reachable with a 10 minute walk. There is also a Metro station 1 block away.First impressions of the hotel building itself were reasonable - modern and clean but slightly soulless. Unfortunately the reception staff at check in were fast to the point of abruptness - no Spanish warmth or flair.Rooms themselves are a decent size and clean but have very solid beds. Bathroom was well appointed but badly designed - was impossible to avoid pools of water on the floor while showering due to an inadequate screen, and the (suspended) ceiling tiles all lifted when the bathroom door was opened. Buffet breakfast was more than ample and service was friendlier here, as it was in the lobby bar.Worst thing about the hotel (and it was very annoying) is the very poor soundproofing - it was possible to hear virtually everything in the adjoining rooms - including every toilet flush!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>carolienTurnhout
<Content>Loved the breakfast! I stayed at the hotel in September, 2 years ago. I stayed there with my boyfriend, it was our first time in Barcelona and in such a terrific hotel! the staff was very professional and treated as like guests should be treated. We only had breakfast in the hotel, but that was wonderful! It was a very large buffet with everything you could think of. Name it and you could get it there. It was also very clean and you never had to starve. Our room was very clean and big, we were very suprised. but the rooms weren't cleaned every day, that was something I missed. A plus and at the same time a negative aspect was the pool on top of the roof. you had a great view, but it was a little pool and the you could only swim there until 18.00. That was a pity, because after walking through the city all day, you were in need of a swim, but at that time, the pool was already closed. But this won't prevent me from going again next year.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MunsterCouple
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel provides a great breakfast. The food at the restaurant is very nice. The only problem with the food at this hotel is that they serve tea at a temperature too low, I believe coffee makers may be the cause of this problem. The bar and lobby area are also lovely.The hotel staff are great and very helpful. The location is very good but a taxi is required to get to the main locations.The wireless broadband in this hotel is problematic, you are better off bringing a network cable. The network speed with a cable is more than acceptable.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thomasabcd
<Content>Breakfast with cava I stayed at this hotel in March 2008 with my girl-friend. The hotel is situated near the olympic port, which is nice for a walk on the beach. The area itself isn't anything special and doesn't have the same atmosphere as other areas of Barcelona. A good thing about the area is, that it is very quiet, which is nice after a long day of walking round Barcelona. The rooms are clean and nice. The hotel has one of the largest breakfast buffet I have ever seen. Lots of Spanish ham, sausage and cheese as well as fruit, pancakes, cakes, bread etc. and even a nice Cava.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mulholland_Drive
<Content>Good hotel We stayed there during Ester 5 nights. Junior suite on 10 floor with beautiful view (sea view from north to south). Rooms pretty small but nice and clean. Restaurant very good with nice choice of wines and good food. Pretty nice breakfast buffet. Well situated close to beach and park, almost everything in walking distance range.Nice view from outside pool on 8th floor (was to cold to try some swimming...) Inside pool in spa (14 EUR per day; children below 16 years not allowed there - don't understand that but ... ).  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Twofootplus
<Content>Good hotel in No-Mans Land. Very much a business hotel, rather than a romantic getaway! Quite a few groups, as well as individual travellers.The restaurant where we had dinner on the first evening was better than most hotel restaurants and not too expensive. By Spanish standards it shuts early (10.30pm)! Both the room and the reception areas screamed 'bland standard upmarket business hotel'; but there WAS wi-fi and this was free even in the room (if slightly erratic). Large comfortable bed, armchairs and table, TV, mini-bar, safe: the usual. Bathroom (shower, loo, bidet) was fine and the washbasin area separate, which was good for couples, but the trendy glass washbasin surround let surplus water drip onto the floor. Staff service a little erratic; I had to ask for a free shower cap and even toilet paper. One towelling bathrobe and one pair slippers: maybe they thought we could share? Staff not over-keen on dispensing tourist advice, but then the Tourist Information Office is only 3 metro stops away. The view from our room on the 6th floor was the textile factory mentioned by another TA traveller and a pile of rubbish dumped next to it. The area - residential - was not attractive but seemed boring rather than dangerous. It was 3-5 mins walk to Bogatell metro station, a little further to Marina. I'd give the Marina Barcelona a gold star however for its breakfast buffet which takes up 3 sides of the room: cooked breakfasts; home-made jams and cakes; croissants, Danish pastries and churros; rolls and bread; yogurts, cheeses and cold meats; cereals; fresh and cooked fruit; juices; lots of other things I can't remember.... and staff brought us jugs of coffee (which however we always sent back to be replaced by the hot version).  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>sandrine_8
<Content>Modern hotel with no sound proofing We stayed 3 nights and I have to reach the conclusion that our next stay in Barcelona wont be in that hotel. The room looked nice but with no sound proofing. You can hear every conversation and know when next door occupants were using the bathroom. One good thing : the breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ritje
<Content>Good city hotel We booked via a belgian travel agent this modern styled hotel for 4 nights, and got one night for free. We asked by mail( in spanish) for a quiet room on a top floor, they gave us a nice one at the 8th floor, one of the few with a terrace.The staff at the reception desk is correct, but not personnal and warm.The room and bathroom are clean and OK. The breakfast buffet is fantastic, the dinner set menu at 27 Euro, cava and starters included is a good deal.The location of the hotel is not too bad. A 15' walk from the Porto Olimpico with the fish restaurants, 2 metro stations, Bogatel and Marina nearby. You can also walk to Plaza Catalunya the Ramblas, and the Sagrada Familia church.This is a good city hotel with a correct price/quality relation.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>aott02
<Content>It is not worth the money you pay The problem with using hotwire to book a hotel is that you never know what you are getting. When I arrived at H10 Barcelona Marina Hotel I realized that the stars are not a good indicator of how good this hotel will be. This hotel has four stars, so I expected a really nice hotel with lots of amenities in a really nice place (I think the nicer the area the more you pay for it, and this was certainly not cheap by any means). Well, the area is disgusting. Hotwire said that it was in Ramblas, it is not, it is nowhere near Ramblas. There is also no description of the area in the hotel's website or on hotwire. The view from my window is a dumpster, literaly. It is a yard full of trash where there are homeless people living in plastic homes attached to the hotel (no kidding, it is a plastic cover that is held on to the side of the hotel). There are kids that live there (they look like homeless immigrants). These kids somehow can afford spray cans and so they spend most of the day painting graffitti on the walls all around the hotel. As you exit the hotel there is a big sign that was painted on by the lovely homeless neighbors and it says [--]. If you have a translator you'll understand. When I complained to the manager about the graffitti and the terrible view she said that they could do nothing about the surroundings of the hotel. I find it hard to believe that as much as they charged for my two rooms the hotel cannot afford a brush and some paint and do something about the trash all around it. The room is nothing special by any means, the hotel seems remodeled but it is still old so our sink did not work and the furniture and lamps are overused and ugly. The beds are tiny twin beds and very hard. The breakfast is 17 euros per person, which turns out to be more than the room is worth. The indoors pool is 14 euros per person and for a one time use. Overall, you have to pay for anything they offer, except their crappy internet that only works every so often. In conclusion, were we come from (Florida), I would not stay in a hotel in an area like this, or even walk in an area like this one. When I explained this to the manager she said that the whole of Barcelona looks like this, and she was not kidding. Everywhere we went it smelled like sewers, piss, and dog crap. The houses look dirty and delapitated and it seems like the whole town ran out of paint because everything looks old and dirty. Everything is expensive and the only pretty parts are under constructions (including the cathedrals) so the pictures you take are of cranes in front of the buildings. From my experience at this hotel, I plan on booking my hotel rooms from other websites like orbitz where they show you what you'll get before you pay for it, and best of all, they do allow you to cancel and even refund you (unlike Orbitz). Definitely read all reviews you can find before getting there, and please post reviews about all hotels you stay in so that others know what they are paying for.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>annakatrine
<Content>Money grabbing They charge your credit card on checkin, rather than checkout. They will not allow anyone under 16 years into any area within the spa (including the small pool) even if accompanied by parents. They charge an extra 鈧?4 per person EACH TIME you use the spa pool. The roof pool is only 1 metre deep and unheated. The garage is difficult to get into with a 4x4 and the spaces tiny and they charge extra. They also charge extra for breakfast. I will not be using this place again - I live in Spain and have never come across a minimum age to use the spa and pool facilties and the staff were even more unhelpful than the usual Spanish lack of service.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussie_adonis
<Content>good value Stayed here for 5 nights in late January. Got a good deal through hotwire. As someone eluded to its not in Las Ramblas area but is close to Bogatell metro station. Is closer to the marina area and beach. Room was solid 4 star. Good size. TV had heaps of channels, mainly Spanish and German but also French, Italian, English and i think arab. Bathroom had a bidet, lots of hot water and lots of water pressure. The other negative is that if you are expecting the concierge to be useful then think again. We wanted to see flamenco show that was sold out and asked if he could help us secure tickets but he had no idea. The restaurant and pool area of the hotel looked good although we didnt use them.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kshalla
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Location We stayed three nights in the H10 Marina since we were not able to book the center of town and it was really great. We had to take the subway 3 stops to the center of town put we were right next to the Puerto Olimpico. The room was nothing special but the rest of the hotel was really nice and the staff was very helpful. What more could you want?  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>gambler2706
<Content>Great rooms Modern well run hotel 4-5 blocks from the beach in a quiet residential area. Great buffet breakfast. Wi-fi free in rooms, staff extremely helpful. Good value  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rll31
<Content>Nice hotel, horrific staff Location - We booked this trip on Hotwire, and it was listed as a hotel in the Las Ramblas neighborhood. In reality it's, about a 10 minute subway ride, or 20 minute walk. The real location is in Port Olimpico. The location as actually a blessing in disguise, since we were a reasonable distance from all the sights (10-20 minute commute), but got to come home to a quiet neighborhood.Facilities - Recently redone, w/ marble finishes. Small by US standards, but nice.The Staff - They were a rude, incompetent bunch. Maybe it's because I am used to a more hospitable, accommodating level of service, but these guys time and time again were rude, and unable to deliver. From check-in to arranging for a taxi, the staff claimed they were on it, but in reality nothing was accomplished. When we questioned the status of our request(s), the staff claimed they were working on it, or that the ball had been dropped by one of their colleagues. In the end, these staff interactions are enough to say, DON'T STAY HERE if you're looking for any sort of service.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>osimon
<Content>Walls made of paperboard We stayed in this hotel for five nights around New Year's Eve 2007/2008.Pros:- We booked it for a rather attractive price during the holiday season (~ EUR 130 per night, incl. breakfast)- Clean- Well sized rooms and beds for the price- Good location (I cannot understand why other reviewers are complaining about 'safety' ... I think it's a very nice area, close to the city center as well as the yacht port  beach)- Amazing breakfast, well organized even when the hotel is fully bookedCons:- We first got a room with two small beds instead of one big bed. After the first night we were given another room with a nice king size bed.- We were sometimes wondering if someone else was in our bathroom, but it was just our neighbor going to his own loo. I cannot imagine how a newly built house can have so thin walls.- Our room was located at the end of a corridor, close to a service room. So starting at 7 am we could hear the maids running in and out of this room all the time. I am glad I had my earplugs with me.- The heating (Barcelona is not in the Caribbean!) stops as soon as you take out your key card to leave the room. So when you come back, the room will be freezing cold. And if you leave a second card in the slot, the maid will remove it.- When we wanted to spend a nice afternoon in the spa (EUR 14 per person and day) we were warned at the spa entrance that both sauna and whirlpool were not well heated. So of course we abstained.We will probably not book this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>SnEEkEy
<Content>Functional and value for the price       Cafe Vint i Dos  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>co_rich_car
<Content>H10 Marina Barcelona Hotel is a great value! My husband and I recently stayed in this hotel for four days prior to a twelve day cruise leaving from Barcelona. It was part of a package deal booked through Air France and we were very pleased. For a moderate price hotel, this was an excellent value. Even though it's location is not in the heart of the city, it is an easy walk to bus and Metro stops or the staff can order a taxi for you. Our room was spacious, comfortable and quiet. The mattress was a little firmer than you customarily find in the States, but it was not an issue. The service was excellent throughtout the entire stay beginning with a glass of champagne when we arrived to obtaining taxi service to the pier at departure time. The staff at the front desk all speak enough English to communicate easily. They were very helpful in assisting with our sightseeing efforts. Prior to leaving on our trip, I had read reviews about this hotel and the amazing breakfast that is part of the stay. I could not fully appreciate it until I had the experience the first day. What an incredible display of the most delicious food! I have never seen anything to compare in this country. The variety is unbelievable such as champagne, Spanish ham, multiple types of eggs, nuts, local cheeses, breads, yogurt, pastries, juices, and fresh and dried fruits with exotic varieties. You can make healthy choices, including specific foods for diabetics, or be totally decadent and at the same time experience the culture.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iceberg678
<Content>OK but nothing special Stayed for one night. Room was clean and spacy. Bathroom OK, although the bath was way too small for my 1.95 meter body.Interior is OK, but nothing special. Staff is fine and helpful.Area is non touristic, at 5 minuts from Ciutadella Park and 15 minutes walk to the old center. Breakfast was fine but expensive at 16 Euro. From my window I had a view towards an old textile factory (still used). In the courtyard of this factory a homeless guy had made his 'bed'. There are many homeless people in Barcelona.I would go there again because the price I paid was pretty low. Nothing else at the hotel really attracted me.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>GAUDIYork
<Content>Fabulous hotel - we will be back Just come back from a 4 night stay and ready to book again. Can't fault the hotel - spotless, modern with attentive and professional staff. First class breakfast with fresh fruit, loads of pastries, meats and hot food - accompanied by as much tea/coffee as you can drink. Resturant food great too - we had tapas in the informal one - and had the best we had all stay (highly recommend the fish kebab and deep fried veg). Last but not least is probably the best bit of all a fabulous roof top terrace and pool.Reasonable bar prices - we managed to have several beers, a meal for next to nothingNot in a central location but only a few minutes walk to the Bogattele metro - which is a great line to start from. Only a short walk to port olympic - where you can walk down the beach promanade, have a meal, have a beer and go to the casino (money permitting).All in the all a fab place to stay  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WFRANK33
<Content>H 10 Marina a 3 .5 star hotel. Rooms are small.clean snd basic....except for excellent bathrooms. Also,a good (free) computer access.The location is just OK,NOT AN AREA TO JUST WALK AROUND.Beds are very firm,pillows cheap foam. An inexpensive business hotel that is a mixture of no frills and nice...???  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scot222
<Content>Superb Hotel Excellent modern hotel. Our room was large bright and airy. Could see Sagiada Familia from the window. Nice touch to give you a glass of Cava on arrival. Cava was also free in the buffet breakfast which has to be the biggest in the world!Prices in bar not bad for a city 4 star hotel.Very convenient for Port Olympic, 10 mins walk, with loads of eating places and Barceloneta Beach. City Bus Tour stop is 5 minutes walk.Great hotel thoroughly reccomended.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emma19
<Content>good hotel for a citybreak My husband and I spend 4 nights in this hotel. I had emailed the hotel in front to ask for a room on one of the higest floors and they did their best to take this request into account. We had a room on the 9th floor and could enjoy from a lovely view on Barcelona.The Hotel is located in a quiet area and the tube is nearby. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by staff at reception with a glass of champagne. Check in was nice  quick.Breakfast was included in our room price and what a breakfast. So much choice, including cavaWe used the Wellness centre once- really relaxing!Would definately book this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Claire42
<Content>Excellent Hotel Hotel was recommended to us. Bars/restaurants are only 10 mins walk away (on the beach), so great location. Prefered the marina area to old town, as was too busy. We used the Wellness centre twice - really relaxing. Drinks were fairly reasonable in the bar area - 鈧?.75 for a glass of cava is pretty good for restaurant prices. Staff were friendly and accommodating. Rooms clean and beds massive!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alby69
<Content>Very good place I spent two nights in this hotel because I was in Barcelona for businesstrip. The Hotel is located in a quiet area (few people around during all day) but it is just a quick ride by taxi to the downtown or attractions. The tube station is also near. The room was excellent in terms of standards, amenities and very clean.The buffet breakfast is amazing. Everything was very good.During the night it is not noisy because the main roads are not close to the hotel (it is located inside a big square).Reccomanded if you want to escape confusion.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weejim
<Content>Convienient if a little soulless Good localtion for Port Olympic, just 10 minutes walk from the caf茅s, bars and beach. Hotel was nice - very clean, modern room, some satellite TV in English, CNN, SKY, BBC. Breakfast buffet was good. Bar a little underdeveloped but nice for a pre-dinner drink or a nightcap. Staff excellent - with very good enlish skills.Room was spacious with lots of bathroom freebies - if your that kind of person. Bed was hard - I like that but maybe some might find it too hard. Air conditioning was noisy too - but that's usual in hotels! I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Epernay
<Content>Pleasant find in Barcelona Left things a bit late to book but stumbled across this hotel. Hotel is fresh and modern, check in was easy, staff very pleasant and rooms very clean and in good order. Price included an excellent buffet breakfast, drinks very reasonable (Inc mini bar), evening restaurant a bit pricey but good food.Hotel has a nice spa open to adults only and a roof top pool and bar area but you need a head for heights and the glass barrier could do with being a little higher. Good location, a few minutes walk to Olympic Quay and the beach.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Miss_Kitten
<Content>Great experience       Down by the restaurant  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>packersbacker
<Content>Good And Bad Location Stayed at this hotel as it reviewed as a nice hotel near the sea at a good rate. Took a cab from The France train station but driver couldn't locate hotel, had to ask someone. Arrived around 5 p.m. and room on requested floor still wasn't ready. We waited for :45 minutes, room finally was prepared but on a different than requested floor, no reason given. NO cava was offered! Hotel was being worked on and the noise from the jack hammer was almost unberable. Internet was of a dial up nature and slower than mollases! Room was nice and the pool fine also. Breakfast very expensive even by European standards so we went elsewhere to eat. There were NO places to eat or shop around the hotel, the sea was about a :15 minute walk and the beach area was VERY pleasant, we had a wonderful dinner there out on the pier for a fair rate. I might consider staying here again but only after dong more research for something more coordinated.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	2	3	2	

<Author>loser26
<Content>think twice before booking......... I researched this hotel thoroughly and so was disappointed by my experience For starters I had booked a standard double hotel room for 6 nights at a cost of 700 euros only to be given a poky room with a small window and not much else also the bed was very hard. I asked at reception was there any chance of a balcony and they said no - only if u get a suite..... After conferring with my partner we decided to pay the 300 extra for the suite as this was our only hol this year and we wanted to enjoy it.The suite was also substandard considering the cost with no special extras not even bathrobes but at least the room was large and there was a balcony. the roof pool is tiny and u need to be up there at at least 10am to get a place so therefore no lie in....Also had several encounters with staff where I found them to be rude and generally crankyThe best thing about this hotel was the breakfast which was amazing the best ive had yet however the other factors far outweighed the benefits of the breakfast.Would not recommend this hotel have stayed in far better for less money  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>HollandKevinsky
<Content>Ok, but mixed feelings Just came back 18/7 from Barca and stayed for 5 nights at this hotel. We booked this hotel based on the reviews from previous readers, so below are our experiences.Pros:- area is very quite especially in the evening (for people who like to sleep)- nice breakfast (but no much variety within 5 days), still compliments to the restaurant staff;- the roomcleaners did their best, every day we got a tidy room.- very close to the harbour (ca. 10 min. walk, you should walk through the shopping mall at Av. Icaria) where you can go out for diner;Cons;- hard bed (but this is subjective)- no internet access for checking mail and online check-in - not so close to all the metro stations(at our last day we found out that the Marina Metro was closer than the Metro Citudella Vila Olympica); At station Marina you can also take the tram to the shopping mall av. Diagonall (Forum)- at the time we were staying, they were renovating the ground floor (in the middle of the tourist season!?)- the reception staff were fine, but we had one incident where we made an payment agreement with a female reception staff, but on that day she was not working, so we asked to the 2 male reception staff. And we ended in a discussion with 2 male reception workers (one was bold and the other had too much sun.) regarding some agreements we make at the beginning of our stay.I definitely advise you, when you make agreements (especially where money is involved), you should speak to the one who helped you and not someone different. Ofcouse at the end we get our money back. But its a bad aftertaste.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjbrazil
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the hotel for a week and the beginning of June. The hotel is in a great location being only 5mins walk to the beach and only 2 metro stops away from the Plaza Catalunya. We were lucky enough to get a room with a balcony along from the rooftop swimmimg pool which we used everyday, usually after sightseeing. The hotel is in a residential area with a few local bars and restuarants nearby and a short stroll to the marina you find a a great number of bars and restaurants and a casino! The hotel is modern and very clean, rooms a good size and the breakfast was superb. Would definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RobKing
<Content>Excellent Hotel, OK Location Stayed here at the end of June, and was pleasantly surprised to receive a glass of cava on arrival The hotel is modern, the rooms are well equipped and comfortable, and the staff were very friendly. The choice at breakfast was enormous. The only downside is that there was no balcony, but then this is more of a business hotel than a tourist hotel.In terms of location - the hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Olympic Port, and about 20-25 minutes from Las Ramblas. It is not the prettiest walk to the center, although we did not feel particularly threatened at any point. The area around the hotel is residential, and I would not in any way compare it to the scariest council estate in London as other contributors have. However, the location is the only drawback with this hotel, and the reason it did not receive top marks.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>csteinStLouis
<Content>Love the hotel.....not the location We loved the modern look of this hotel. We had a difficult time finding the hotel once getting off the subway because the tourist map we got at the airport had the WRONG location of the hotel on the map! What an error! After finding the hotel, we were really surprised at how modern and elegant the hotel was. We had a great room with a king size bed! Great bathroom with all the necessities you would need. The breakfast was also wonderful as was the staff - very helpful.We were disappointed in the location of the hotel. It was only within walking distance to the marina area with few bars around for the nightlife. We had to take the subway everyday to visit the sites such as Barri Gotic, Casa Batllo etc. You are able to walk to the Sagrada Familia but it was a good 20 minute walk. We were used to walking everyone with our Madrid location and so we were disappointed with this location. Might want to consider the h10 Universidad which is near the Gothic Quarter but not on Las Ramblas.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Welshlady147
<Content>Loved the room       Foyer/bar area  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsFizz
<Content>Our Return Visit We visited this hotel last year - I would say primarily a business hotel but were pleasantly surprised, particularly as we were upgraded to a room with a balcony (there are very few). The hotel is still fairly new but this year we felt that the standards had started to slip slightly. We still had a great break and we again had a room with a balcony which was ideal as the weather was fab. The hotel restaurant is not great in the evening, my husband was served fish verging on raw. The breakfasts are good. Bar and reception service was above average.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>westlife07
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed at this hotel as it was close to a concert that we were attending. Was originally looking to stay in the city centre but was put off by the threat of pickpockets, etc, so we decided to look elsewhere to stay. Found this hotel based on visitor comments on this and other websites. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by staff at reception with a glass of champagne, never been greeted that way before, a lovely experience. Check in was nice  quick. Room was great, clean as was the rest of the hotel, nice view, air con could have been a little better, thankfully the windows opened. Breakfast was included in our room price and what a breakfast. So much choice, including champagne  fresh strawberries. (Have to say probably one of the best breakfasts we have ever had at a hotel). The hotel is a little out of the city centre, but a 10 min stroll brings you to Marina metro station and 3 stops into the centre. Some reviews have mentioned the run down look of the area which is true. I note one review from 2003 mentioned the area being this way and that it would perhaps be better in years to come! Fraid not! It's a case of manyana! It's a bit of a building site but that's the spanish way!Having been put off by the threat of pickpockets, have to say we did feel quite safe in the centre, obviously take care with your belongings.Would recommend a taxi to the hotel from the airport, cost the two of us 鈧?7, which when compared to our return journey on the train/metro was well worth it. Unfortunately we went home on the day of the Barcelona marathon and all major routes were closed, so the train was recommended! Not a good idea, we were sent to one station to be told we were going the wrong way, turned around to be told we needed to be on a lower platform. That journey was frustrating! Especially with a large suitcase in hot weather.Would definately book this hotel again.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RosieU
<Content>Great hotel Just back from Barcelona and stayed at the H10 Marina. We were a bit worried after reading some of the reviews, but had absolutely nothing to worry about. Excellent hotel. Short distance to metro which takes you anywhere you want to go. 10 min walk to Port Olympic and beach area and approx 30/40min walk to Las Ramblas. Would definately stay at this hotel again (can't wait to go back). Excellent breakfast.Only one complaint - we booked a double room and were given a twin room. When we queried this, they advised they do not have double rooms?? and that if anyone wanted a double room the maid would put the two single beds together! Apart from this slight inconvenience, we had a brilliant 3 days here, and would definately stay here again, as it is lovely and quiet - no street noise.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>christobaby
<Content>Great hotel, awful area! My friend and I (2 females in their 30s) stayed at this hotel in March this year. We used their travel guide to find the hotel, which proved to be useless. On exiting Santa Marina tube station it took us nearly 1 hour and numerous local people giving us wrong directions to find the hotel. It is tucked away in a residential street and there are absolutly no signs showing you the way. The hotel itself is lovely, (real 4/5 star style) with champagne reception on arrival, modern, clean, gorgeous rooms, amazing spa and delicious a la carte restaurant, but whoever picked the area needs their head examining. The hotel is surrounded by run-down housing estates (imagine real scary council estates in London). On our first evening out, we walked the pleasant 10 mins walk to the Marina area (where there are lots of gorgeous seafood restaurants, classy casino  nightclubs). On walking back to our hotel at around 2:00am, 3 local young guys walking towards us then decided to follow us and we only managed to shake them off when we ran into some local people and stood with them. We then thought we were safe and started walking through the streets to our hotel and there were other people around. Then we found the 3 young men had somehow run through the back streets and were now in front of us. Not knowing whether they were planning to rape or mug us, I thanked God when I saw a man further down the street and ran to him for help and he walked us the last few steps to our hotel. The man who helped us was from out of town and looking for his car as it had been stolen that night! Needless to say that after that experience, we booked cabs straight from our hotel to our destinations in the evenings and a cab back. We noticed other hotel guests doing the same.On our final night, our cab arrived to take us to the airport and as we drove down the other side of our street (not been down that part before) we saw that there actually was a tube station on the same road as our hotel (literally 10 seconds away) but it was in a dark, dingy, scary looking area with walls covered in graffiti etc. -hence why the hotel never mentions this station in their brochures.It is a great hotel but definetly in the wrong location and it's not even near the landmarks - we used the Santa Marina station during daylight to travel, very easily though, to all landmarks.Only stay if you're with a big strong man!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	5	4	3	

<Author>empee3
<Content>great value Excellent 4-star hotel, close to metro station and the olympic park. Super clean premises and room. Staff is very friendly. Rooms are spacious. But the highlight is the open buffet breakfast; zillion of choices and something for every taste and cultur. We stayed there for 100 Euro per room, this is 50 Euro per person. Drawbacks: facilities like the gym cost extra. Not in walking distance to downtown and major attractions.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Emma_Tommy
<Content>loved hotel Good Points: Hotel was lovely. Very polite staff, checked in straight away even tho we were early. Room we had i think was for the disabled as we had a bigger room and bathroom with walk in shower. Wicked breakfast they had everything!!! Watch what you eat tho dont want to be putting on weight. The hotel is very up to date with modern things like the design, roof top pool and the water feature by the restaurant looked great. The walk to the beach was easy just one road thankgod! beach was beautiful. Bad Points:Are bathroom sink was cracked, when you had ashower the water went every where, they didnt have cereal for kids. But i would definatley stay again whether its a long or short stay.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>I_like_good_holidays
<Content>A 'warm' welcone for the whole family We stayed at the H10 Marina during the October school holidays a short city break. Prior to departure I decided to check a few review, and a came across a review that implied the hotel was not family friendly, but I found the opposite to be true.I travelled with my two children on my own and was anxious about our visit, having read the review. From the moment of our arrival until our departure to the airport we received the very best service from all the staff; the staff were very child friendly and made us feel at ease. We stayed for four days and we made requests for warm milk and hot coco, both requests were swiftly met and in the evenings the staff were apologetic at having to apply the room service charge for such an inexpensive item.At the reception desk and in the internet/office support facilities I found the staff always helpful, knowledgeable and attentive.The Hotel is located close to the Marina, zoo, beach, shops and places of interest. We found most were within a 'child's' walking distance, which was great. The location is slightly quiet; so if you need to be in the throng of Barcelona then perhaps this is not the hotel for you. With it's spa in the basement the hotel gives you the best of a city break and a weekend retreat combined.It is my intention to return in April, hence the posting of this review. Our family had a good experience and I am looking forward to our visit minus the children. It is as important to share both good and bad experiences. Ultimately you will make up your own mind, I did.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>gordiegor
<Content>brilliant hotel. We stayed at this hotel in agust of 2006 for a week on our honeymoon. On arrival we were presented with a glass of sparkly cava very nice and our room was upgraded free of charge to a suite seeing as we were honeymooners, excellent touch! the breakfasts are brilliant and cater for all tastes.didn't eat in the hotel in the evening instead ventured down to the seafront and there is an excellent italian restaurant and chinese down there all reasonably priced infact dirt cheap! the hotel bar prices are excellent and as for the staff coule not have rated them highly enough they were really friendly and couldnot do enough for you. the outdoor pool was great and ideal if you are on a short break and we used the indoor facilites at the spa once but agree it is a little pricey they could offer better deals for long term stay etc. this is the only fault we could fine, the rooms are spotlessly clean and all in all it is a brilliant hotel. Location excellent nice and quiet at night but not too far from the city centre, we took the metro about a 5mins walk to the station. We are going back to the hotel in 2 weeks 6th march for my husbands 40th for a couple of days and looking forward to it. All in all can't rate this hotel highly enough. if you are looking for a friendly place to stay that's cheap and spotlessly clean hers's your place! some would say it's not that cheap but come on for what you're getting it is a steal. the h10 barcelona is the place to stay, we love it so much we have joined there h10 hotel club and intend to go back at least twice every year if not more and later in the year we are taking our kids too. book it you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>markbbk
<Content>Barca break This hotel is situated 10 minutes by metro from the centre of Barcelona, or a pleasant 25 minutes walk. Close to the metro and about 15 minutes walk to Port Olympic and beach. Situated in a quite residential area although there is a number of local Spanish bars. Good location close to the city center and yet far enough away from the hussle and bussle.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneHT
<Content>Overall a good hotel but not in the best location The hotel is modern and very nicely designed and decorated. The overall feeling was more of a business hotel rather than a tourist hotel though. Very generous buffet breakfast with absolutely loads of good choices, busy and large breakfast area. Hotel location was quite far out from the tourist centre, in a commercial area which did feel safe though (15 minutes by undrground from hotel to La Rambla area). 10 minutes walk to the beach marina area which was fine but I wasn't overly impressed with the restaurants in that area. The hotel tapas and wine bar was fantastic, great selection and impeccable service in lovely surroundings...must try it! The Hotel room was good after some initial confusion, we booked a double bed and had this in writing. On arrival the hotel claimed they would never accept a booking for a double bed and could only offer us singles. They were unwilling to budge - I had to contact our travel agent who eventually had to pay for an upgrade for us. Bathroom v. good with loads of little goodies. Cava on arrival was a nice touch but slightly spoiled by the booking problem we had with the hotel.Overall very good, quite impersonal though, great tapas bar, very clean and pleasnt interiors although not the best location.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	2	5	2	3	5	

<Author>AndrewCarrington
<Content>What a great hotel Where to start. Check-in fast and efficient, offered an upgrade at a reduced rate (which we refused) but still ended up with a king size bed that was comfortable and spacious. Rooms spotlessly clean, towels changed when wanted, and room full of all the amenities you require. Location was good, 10 min to beach/promenade and 2 min to nearest metro. If you didn't mind the walk 20-25 min into the centre. Food in hotel was excelllent, breakfast was superb, and evening meals were good and provided excellent value for money. Staff were friendly and really helpfull in getting around to see the sights. Would recommend this hotel to anybody. Brilliant, it helped make the 3 night stay in barcelona memorable.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IanMurray
<Content>H 10 Barcelona Excellent Excellent modern hotel approx 10 min walk from Marina Metro Station 20 Min walk from Bari Gotic in a kind of business area of the city. The Metro is within Zone 1 of The Barcelona travel system and a 10 Journey ticket is 6.50 euros you can then use the Bus Tram or Metro to reach your destination.Spread over 10 floors the rooms were spotlessly clean, as were all the public areas, staff were friendly and all spoke English. Glass of Cava on arrival and reasonably priced mini bar in the room set the tone for this relaxed hotel.The hotel has a Tapas Bar as well as a restaurant and public bar all reasonably priced although the A La Cart restaurant was a bit pricy compared to restaurants at the Bari Gotic.We stayed bed and American buffet breakfast. The food choice in the morning was excellent with something for all tastes.Only dissapointment was a charge of 15 euros each to use the health Spa on a daily basis which could mount up if you were to use it every day. That said we only used it once during our trip Would recomend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit Barcelona for a short break.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moneymoneymoney
<Content>Happy Traveller Great hotel with very pleaseant and helpful staff. You could not want for anything more at breakfast from stawberries and champagne to diet foods. The rooms were of a good size and clean offering all the little extras you could think of. Location was ideal for the tour bus pick up, within 10 minutes walk and the metro station only 5 mintes away with only few stops to the centre. Would certainly book again if going to Barcelona  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dougster2001uk
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from a 4 day stay in the above hotel. The hotel itself is first class, very modern and the rooms are superbly decorated. Only drawback is the wellness pool and spa incur an extra charge of 13 euros. The breakfast is first class with champagne on the menu and a huge selection of food from fried to continental.The location is also very good,head for station Bogatell and the hotel is 100m from there. Its on the yellow line and take no more than 5 minutes to get there. Staff at the hotel we friendly enough and an excellent place to stay for a short sightseeing tour to Barcelona  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ParyShah
<Content>Good Hotel But Poor Bathrooms I was visiting Barcelona for Microsoft's TechEd for Developer. Ideally located (promiximity to train stattion - Bagota - Just 3 mins walking distance). Pros : Neat Hotel and Proimity to Train StationCons : No Restuarants or Bus Station in the vicinity. Bathrooms are clean but the shower area is not well designed due to which water tends to spill in the entire bathroom and due to nature of the flooring it tends to get slippery. Free wired and wireless internet access. Unfortunately the quality was poor and the Wired Internet Access was not functional. Although the weather was slightly warm, the air conditions were switched OFF. To feel comfortable, we had to keep windows open. Bed was neat and clean but the quality could have been a lot more better for a 4 star hotel (Bed would move because of wheels) and there was no cosy comforter.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lljk
<Content>A Dissapointing Experience Based on the reviews here, my husband and I booked this hotel for a week. Our first impressions of the hotel were that it was lovely, but in a rather remote area of town. We were fine with that, and were excited to be near the harbor and beach. Our impressions of the hotel were immediately lowered when we spoke with the reception staff. Very rude, no hello or welcoming glass of cava, just 篓do you have a reservation?. They certainly were not child-friendly. They honestly looked horrified that my two year old son was with us. They scowled at him every time we walked through the lobby. 篓The first night we were there we asked if there was a quick restaurant in the area that served simple, child-friendly food. Our son was tired and hungry and we just wanted to crash. Reception suggested that we eat in the hotel restaurant, but we wanted something a bit faster and less fancy. Reception was able to name two 4 star restaurants within a 15 minute walk, but the only simple restaurant that they could name was a 20 minute cab ride. We chose a direction, and began to walk, and within 5 miutes were able to find a perfecty fine place that served pizza. My son was happy.The room was fine, nothing special, although after a week in Paris it seemed especially spacious. There were some small things wrong, like loose bathroom fixtures and a slightly leaking sink, but we never called maintenance.The rooftop pool was nice (no kids, which I understand) and would have been nice to use at night, swimming in view of the Barcelona lights, but it closes at 6.Overall, this hotel seems uneven. Sitting in the lobby, I saw other couples check in that recieved very warm welcomes from the manager and several glasses of complimentary cava. Maybe they were as cold as they were because of the child? They really should take a cue from many other 4 and 5 star hotels, who will at least pretend to be welcoming to children. Overall, definately not worth the $180 a night we paid. There are seveal otther hotels in Barcelona, that are similar in quality that run no more than 100 euros a night.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Maggie&Gp
<Content>not worth it Stayed end of July 2006.I booked this hotel directly and paid extra for a superior room with a sea/marina view...Please note you cannot have a sea/marina view from most of the rooms. Reception staff were not helpfull at all. Yet must say our room was very clean and super modern perhaps a little too modern as I felt the hotel lacked character. Bathroom facilities were excellent. We ordered a taxi from reception when we were leaving and even though there was a few taxi's at the rank outside we were lead to a hotel limo and had to pay over the odd's ----very cheeky I think!!! beware.All in all choose another hotel not worth the money!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>smagical
<Content>The H10 Marina Hotel was Good.... My arrival experience was Good. The location of the hotel was Okay, I was a bit dodgy, when I saw all of the graffiti, but apparently it's all over Barcelona. The H 10 Marina Hotel, is a very modern hotel, it was built 3 yrs ago. The hotel was very nice and the staff was very knowledgeable. The hotel amenities were also very nice(IE. the pool, bar  restaurant). The Hotel wasn't prepared to encounter a storm. It rained for a few days and 1 particular night, the hotel flooded, which caused mayhem, because the hotel staff wasn't prepared for a storm and couldn't follow any protocol! Which was quite unpleasant! Keep in mind, that Hotel restaurant closes @ 11pm and all the other restaurants in Barcelona closes @ 12pm. So, if you want a late snack better get it early and take it back to your room for later. Nevertheless, I did enjoy my stay @ H 10 Marina Hotel and La Ramblas is very cool for shopping and site seeing (Tourists) beware, there is a lot of people looking to steel your bags..... The only thing that I did find to be a bit of an annoyance, was if you complained about something which could have been minor, the hotel response was, THIS ISNT A 5 STAR HOTEL. I thought it was neglectful and unethical of the Hotel Staff, because it has all of the qualities to be a 5 STAR Hotel, If they didn't say things that were stupid and solve the problems. Which could have been solved!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCCC
<Content>Great Package Overall Booked directly having read the reviews. Great rooms, great breakfast, great location for beach and Port. Staff helpful, efficient and friendly (1 or 2 exceptions but aren't they in every hotel ?). Needed to change room after first night (ants) and really no problem. Didn't like having to pay 鈧?3 each to use the Health Club on last day so that we could shower before leaving but hotel was fully booked and we couldn't keep the room after 12 noon but that aside would recommend and would definetly stay again.DC Ireland  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>GkCLondon
<Content>hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm well - our stay at this hotel started well - we arrived to be greeted with a glass of cava and the room was spacious and airy.the 'double' room consisted of two double beds being pushed together which meant you had a bump in the middle of the beds where they joined. i was disappointed with the shower - i have long hair and it ended up taking a very long time to wash!other than that the room was pleasent!unfortunetly - on the first night there i managed to get food poisoning after eating at the overpriced hotel restaurant - my impression of the hotel after that didnt really recover!the hotel is in a great location - plenty of restaurants and bars only a short walk away (even though i never managed to recover fully to sample the food) and i would DEFINATELY reccomend the bus tour as a way to get around!all in all i left this hotel with no feelings for it at all - i stayed in a little hotel in Italy not so long ago which made more of an impression in the one night i stayed there than the four nights i stayed here - although i think my opinion of this hotel would not have been so bad had i not got ill!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good value! I was original slightly wary about staying here as it appears on the map to be a bit off the beaten track. In reality the location was actually ok and is a sensible compromise if you are looking to combine the cities culture with some relaxing on the beach. It was about 10 minutes walk to the Olympic Port and the beach. The walk was pleasant and there is plenty of bars and restaurants to choose from once you get there. At the Olympic Port you will also find a bus stop for the open top tour buses where you can hop on and off.The infamous Las Ramblas was quite a bit further but certainly walkable. We walked it a few times and our best time was about 30 minutes but if you take the scenic route round the ports etc you will be nearer an hour.We made the most of our tour bus tickets and just used and abused its service to get back and forth to Las Ramblas though. There is also a metro station a few minutes walk from the hotel but we never used it.The hotel was pleasant, very clean, and friendly. The room was spotless, comfortable, air conditioned, and had all the creature comforts you would expect in a 4 star hotel. The breakfast was undoubtedly the best buffet breakfast I ever had the pleasure of indulging in. There was fantastic choice and very efficient service.I really am being ridiculously fussy here but if I had to find a fault with the hotel I would say they needed more computers in the business centre. Every time I went to use the Internet they were always in use. Also the area where the outdoor pool is located is very nice but it鈥檚 a tad small so don鈥檛 expect to be able to bag a seat by default.All in all we were very happy customers and considered our stay a bargain. We paid about 拢35 per person per night including breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hot Hot Hot Pros: Nice hotel. Clean roomsGood food.Cons:Air conditioning wasn't working on our visit and room was very hot. For this reason I wouldn't go again.Location a metro ride from the maintown.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vistacola
<Content>Friendly Hotel Have just returned from this hotel. The staff are very friendly and the hotel is very clean. Breakfast is excellent with a great selection. It is a short walk to the metro, about 3 stops to the centre (La Ramla). It is also about a 10 minute walk to the marina where you can get a tour bus. There are many restaurants at the marina. The area around the hotel is very quiet which is why we chose it. We didn't want the noise of the city centre. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED it The girls and I were a bit anxious about this hotel after reading the mixed reviews. However, hotel was great, rooms were clean - and air conditioning worked like a treat! Pool was a nice touch. Only downside was that the lifts were a bit slow, but we used the stairs most of the time anyway. Staff were friendly and did everything they could to assist. Location was just perfect - not too close to the tourist-y places, but walking distance to the beach (15 mins.) Metro nearby, but we took taxis most of the time as they were reasonbly priced - just make sure that they have the metre on.Had a fantastic time and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get it booked! Have just returned from a weekend in Barcelona with 12 girlfriends who all had a fantastic time at the H10 Marina. We found the staff (especially the reception and bar staff) extremely friendly. Our weekend got off to a bad start when one girl had her purse pinched on the metro (be very careful) but the reception staff were very helpful and told us exactly what we needed to do and where the police station was. They also gave her some vouchers for a couple of free drinks!I read some negative reviews on here before our visit regarding the rooms - all our rooms were clean, spacious (they accommodated an extra bed in double rooms to make things cheaper), the air conditioning worked and the windows opened. The roof top pool, ok is on the small side but the beach is only 5 minutes walk away if you need more water!I really could not fault this hotel - the lobby and bar area is spacious and the breakfast had a wide range to suit all tastes. I would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel.If I was to give one tip then take a taxi from the airport - we got the train and then the metro but had to make few changes along the way. Our minibus which the hotel booked for us returning to the airport only cost 55 euro's between 6 of us.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel,lovely staff absolutely loved this hotel,very friendly and helpful staff.bedroom and bathroom were a good size and absolutely spotless.the breakfast (included with hotel connect)was fantastic, have never seen such a selection of food and drinks for breakfast,even a glass of cava if you wanted it.the hotel spa was lovely and very good value at 13 euros for the day. it meant that we could have a couple of hours in the spa really enjoying ourselves,go out sightseeing and shopping then come back to the hotel in the evening and use the spa again before it closed at 10pm.very relaxing and i would recommend the spa to anyone. it had a good size swimming pool, jacuzzi,steam room, sauna, plunge pool and dynamic pool with very comfortable padded loungers.did not use the restaurant but had a delicious meal from room service.it is only a five minute walk to the nearest beach, about 20 minutes walk to the port. taxis are very inexpensive,even at night.would definitely stay here again  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sja1
<Content>checkout was horrendous I stayed in the hotel with my boyfriend although I was on business. The room was large with big windows and a huge (but very hard) bed. We wanted peace and quiet but even though the do not disturb sign was on the door we must have had 3 calls and three notes asking us if we wanted service to be honest if I had I'd have asked. We wernt allowed to use the hotel pool without paying around 拢10 should really be included in room price. Checkout was horrendous it must have taken 45 minutes she put my boyfriends name on the bill and charged me x6 of total late checkout fee instead of the fee for an hour x6. When I queried this it took another person and another 20 minutes to sort out and instaed of producing a new bill just printed me one with a huge minus to go with the wrong one. By this time we were losing the will to live and needed to catch a plane. She put my platinum card through and didnt understand in the uk we have to use pin numbers and I tried to explain for security this card wouldnt work without a pin but it wasnt going in at all. Used another card but was annoyed. the taxi service they had provided was very late coming not really his fault as the traffic was bad and luckily a new team had come on by this time and were alot more helpful. I wrote two e-mails and a letter to let the hotel know about it but didnt recieve a reply. All in all the hotel was fine but staff needed some training on the proceedures and customer service, if work hadnt paid I would be really mad!!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravellerFromOz
<Content>No airconditioning or windows that open. Avoid in Spring and Autumn We visited during March and stayed in a Junior Suite. As Barcelona gets sunny days the rooms become very warm from the sun streaming in during the day. Unfortunately the air conditioning for this hotel is not turned on until summer and you are unable to open the windows in the rooms so the rooms are awfully stuffy and hot. We had 2 restless nights sleep and avoided spending any time in the room.The staff at the front desk told us a different story each time we mentioned the temperature of the room. They promised to call a maintenance staff member to fix it and then told us it was hot because we had left the air conditioner off.Then were told it was hot as we had left it on and then because the temperature was set incorrectly. Finally they admitted the air conditioing for the hotel was not turned on at this time of year!Rooms are clean and nice. Great breakfast - definitely worth the extra 15 euro or so. Staff slightly untrustworthy with excuses rather than action to fix problems.As long as you don't visit in Spring and Autumn then this hotel is fine.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Miami sky warrior
<Content>Good place Nice modern hotel, well furnished, clean and pleasant rooms and bathrooms. Horribly designed shower, with only a small glass panel instead of a curtain meaning you have to be very careful while showering or the entire bathroom gets wet. Location is very quiet and peaceful, but only 2 blocks (5 minutes) to the nearest Metro station and about 10 minutes walk to the Port Olimpic area. In 5 - 10 minutes on the train you are in the heart of everything. Didn麓t try the breakfast, at 鈧?5 I thought it was very expensive when there are many places around offering breakfast for less that 鈧?, so that is where I went!Not the place to stay if you want to be within short walking distance of the action, but if you don麓t mind a short ride on the metro or in a taxi, this is a good choice for quality.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Modern Hotel       Balcony Of Junior Suite  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury at its best We stayed two nights at this hotel, on a return trip to England from Javea Spain. We met with friendly staff, immediately offered an upgrade to a Junior Suite which was sheer luxury. Large spacious rooms very comfortable. Our only complaint was that the parking at the hotel was expensive at 18 euros a night. We would not hesitate at staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cubbies
<Content>Ok but too far out of town I recently stayed at this hotel with a group of friends. The hotel its self is good, nice rooms, friendly staff, lovely place but it is too far out of town and the surrounding area is a little dodgy.You need to take taxi's everywhere which can become costly unless you are with a group as we were. The breakfast buffet was good but very pricey and the pool was extremely expensive at nearly 拢9 for a swim even for residents!!!!All in all it's an ok hotel for small groups but not for couples as you will add lots of money onto your bill by taking taxi's. Also you will wait ages for a taxi to come even when booked, we waited in general over 1/2 an hour and one night we waited well over an hour and it didn't turn up, making us late for dinner reservations we ended up walking and the area is not the best one to be wandering around in at night.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarahOmaha
<Content>3 Star at best and don't take your children We just returned from a short break at H10 Marina, and although Barcelona was lovely, the hotel was a big disappointment. The breakfast was awful for 15 euros, all of the food was cold, and only a few hot item selections to choose from. The walls are very thin and I always heard the TV from the neighboring room. The decor in the rooms is nice but they are way too small. We booked two rooms for two adults and two children and called ahead to request adjoining rooms. Upon arrival we were given two rooms next to each other, and they said the only room available next to each other were twin-bedded rooms. The outdoor pool is super-small, and as the lounge chairs are right next to the pool, children cannot hardly swim and play. There is a nice indoor pool which we would have paid the 15 euros for, but children under 16 are not permitted. It is not central to anything, but a ten-minute walk will get you to olympic village or towards town. Morever the staff seemed very snobby to people with children, and I think they should try to cater to all of their paying customers.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>shoefreak
<Content>H10 should be A1 I have just returned from the H10 Marina hotel having been there for my 40th birthday. I went with my husband and another couple. The hotel had been informed that we were there for a celebration and both rooms had champagne and a lovely fruit bowl for our arrival. We were also given free use of the spa for the duration of our stay saving us 13 euros each per day! The hotel is extremely clean, and every thing has been thought of. The staff were very helpful and as previously stated the breakfast buffet was amazing. Only one critisism, the restuarant is really expensive and what is written on the menu is exactly what you get. We ordered Wild Boar stew and that is what we got. No potatoes, no vegetables, just one ladle of stew for 18 Euros!! Other than this there was no other problems. Oh yes the walls are thin, but take earplugs. Also be prepared to wear silly hats if you want to use the spa!! This was a good time to visit Barcelona as it was not busy and we all felt safe. Also no queques!!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BasilEdinburgh
<Content>A Great Hotel 4 of us stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in february. When we arrived their computer was down so we were escorted to the lounge and given some wine (free). We were given free upgrades to their Junior Suites - 10th Floor with a huge window and spectacular view over the sea. Some rooms face inwards and the view would be very restriced so best to get a sea facing room. The room was large with a king size comfortable bed, plenty of wardrobe space etc. superb marble bathroom with 2 showers, 2 wash hand basis and all the extras you normally get in a hotel but many more (only downside is there is no door so no real privacy). The staff were very friendly and the breakfast was the best selection we have had in a hotel. We did not use the Spa but it looked very nice.The hotel is slightly out of the main town but easy access from Metro or taxi's but it is in a quiet location whihc we liked. All in all we thought it an excellent hotel and would certainly go back.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nsaul
<Content>H10 Hotel is a very nice hotel  The most important thing to us,was the standard of the room.The room was way above average,and we felt as if we had won the lottery,it was very,very smart and well equiped.The bathroom was in complete marble - with the largest bed we have ever had.The location was ok ,about 5 mins walk to the nearest tube,but it was not a problem.The staff were freindly and efficient.we did not eat there so we have no views.City center was only a couple of stops,on the underground.All in all it was excellent value for the weekend.It was quiet at night,if there was something we were not keen on ,it was the bar in reception,its ok for a couple of drinks,but no atmostphere.All in all a fantastic quality hotel.We would not hesitate in going back  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>blissett
<Content>Lovely valentines break We arrived at 11.30pm on fri 10th greated very warmly by reception although no cava!! We used the metro system a great deal very good value and only 3 min walk from hotel,we used at night also but watched our backs at all times.I cannot fault the hotel one bit for what a deal we managed to get so shop around and enjoy.We will definately return again and will recommend to family and friends.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lozloz
<Content>Lovely hotel!! I stayed for three nights at the H10 Marina. We arrived at the bus station and the cab only cost 6 euro to get to the hotel.On arrival we were greeted with a glass of cava and an upgrade to a junior suite! Fantastic! Huge room and the staff were very friendly whilst checking in. We were also given tips by the staff of the best bars to visit to avoid tourist traps! Unfortunately i was mugged on my first night (near la Ramblas) even though i had been to the city before and was fully aware of the street crime - it still happened - so be careful! When i got back to the hotel the reception staff were excellent - they telephoned the police and then booked me a cab to get to the police station, and they checked on me the next day - i couldn't have asked for anything more!The hotel would have got 5 stars but the location is slightly too far away from the city centre for my liking. Its a good 10 - 15 minute walk to Port Olympic and about 25 - 30 mins to la ramblas. Fantastic hotel, lovely rooms, fantastic breakfasts and the prices of the drinks in the bar and the mini bar are fairly cheap by hotel standards.I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>huyton
<Content>Great place We loved this hotel,very helpful staff, fantastic breakfast,lovely rooms and good location close to metro and nice stroll to the beach area bluey  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!! My sister was getting married and wanted a nice hen night abroad so we chose Girona, we stumbled across the H10 Marina and we were glad.13 girls on a hen night in barcelona, the hotel was magnificent.The rooms were just had it had been described, the beds were changed each day with new towels it was so nice.The breakfast was AMAZING, beyond your imagination, we woke up each day in our sunshades( well as a result of the previous night) but we had to attend breakfast.I was very impressed with the hotel as you tend to get lots of hotels promoting things that do not appear on arrival at the hotel.My bars, restaurants were amazing and affordable, my sister had a fantastic time and i will defintely be going back.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tsaunders
<Content>Nice hotel, friendly staff, great food My husband and I stayed at the Marina for 3 nights in December 2005. We managed to get a very special rate - 拢180 for 3 nights on a BB basis, so shop around before you book! The hotel is only 3-5 minutes walk from Bogatell metro, which then takes you into the heart of Barcelona in around 10 mins. The fare is very reasonable (around 80p for a single journey) and the service frequent until late at night.The hotel greets guests with a glass of cava when they check in (although we missed out on this because they were busy), and we even got a chocolate on our pillow on the first night be stayed with them. The room was clean, well decorated, and well stocked with everything from combs, toothbrushes to the usual shower gel etc. The minibar was also well stocked at the usual prices.The hotel bar on the ground floor was manned with friendly bar staff, but little touches such as bowls of nuts, often seen at other hotels of this standard, were missing. The tapas bar was never open in the 3 days we were at the hotel, despite adverts to the contrary.The restaurant evening meals were good quality, reasonably priced, and there was free cava and 'nibbles' buffet to start. The buffet breakfast was fantastic, really good range of everything from fruits, cakes, cheese, meats and bread - even cava again!We never got to try the spa facilities, as there was so much to see in the town. We walked 5 minutes down to Port Olimpic and joined the Bus Turistic on 2 days - hop on hop off for 2 days 21 Euros each - 2 separate routes covering all the well- and lesser-known sights in the town. We highly recommend this! Port Olimpic also has loads of bars and restaurants, mainly featuring seafood, but we found some veggie stuff too!All in all, a fantastic hotel in a handy location.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too close, not too far The H10 Marina Barcelona hotel is quite new with modern furnishings, decor and artwork. We had champagne on arrival and our luggage was brought to our room. The room, also modern in style was long and narrow, with a great bathroom and showed a few signs of wear and tear. Breakfast in the morning is buffet style, with a lot of choice. The restaurant meal was nice, but it lacked atmosphere. Overall the hotel was good, but the walls are paper thin and we could hear everything in the rooms eitherside of us, not nice.The location of the hotel is great. Its near the Parc de la Ciutadella, the largest park in Barcelona which has the zoo, with 400 species of animal and also the site of the Catalan Parliament. Great for romantic walks on route to any excursion. We found ourselves to be walking distance to the beach, La Rambla, Barri Gotic and Placa de Catalunya, the centre point of the city to get the airport bus, the metro (underground), tourist information and the central pick up point for the Barcelona Bus Turistic's three routes around the city (the green route runs in the summer only). The bus Turistic is the best way to see the city and isn't expensive, you can hop on and off as often as you like. The red route was our favourite, anything Gaudi, and in particular Park Guell and La Pedrera. On the blue route the favourite was Barri Gotic (The Gothic Quarter), the city's 2000 year old historical origins, built on the old Roman town. Its absolutely beautiful and has the Musea d'Historia, the Cathedral, the Picasso museaum and also great shops, boutiques etc. Its a fantastic city, which has something to offer everyone.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tararose
<Content>I would go again We went to Barcelona for a shopping trip and we booked Hotel Marina over the internet and said we would spend one night but end up staying three nights there. The staff were very firendly and best of all the spoke english which is alot of help, the room was very clean and the location was perfect 8 min walk to the beech and two stops away by metro into the city centre.the only problem was the taxi's at night from the hotel into the town centre they charged what they like but the hotel was great i would stay there again  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel A group of 10 of us stayed at the H10 Marina during the September Merce festival. It was the perfect location - away from the street noise at night yet very convenient for the metro into town (a 5 min walk from the hotel then 5-10 mins into the gothic quarter) and also for the restaurants at the marina, also a 5-10 min walk away.The reception desk staff were very efficient and friendly and the hotel clean and modern. The rooms were larger than we expected with huge king/ superking beds, large marble bathrooms and were also exceptionally clean and tastefully furnished. We enjoyed the wine bar in the basement in the evenings before heading out to a restaurant. One of the highlights of the hotel, as mentioned in all the other reviews is the buffet breakfast. The selection was vast - ranging from breakfast cereals to cooked breakfasts to local sausages to an array of pastries, fruits, cheeses, breads, local cakes and specialities, cava (!)... well worth getting up for!This is a great hotel to use as a base for exploring Barcelona and is very good value.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>darkjedi23
<Content>Great hotel in a wonderful city My fiancee and I looked forward to our break in Barcelona and we weren't to be disappointed. The hotel itself is a 20-30 minute drive from the airport, along the way you can see some of the amazing buildings in the town centre. If you have time please go on a bus tour!Upon arrival we were dealt with superbly at reception and checked in (and out) with ease.The room was very modern and roomy. The kingsize bed was a dream to sleep in and we had no trouble dozing off for our own siesta!The only drawbacks was a faulty/leaking sink but this was repaired rapidly and the fact that a telephone number for reception wasn't readily available/visible. Very minor gripes in an otherwise super stay.The breakfast buffet was great. So much to chose from - the only other problem we found was that the seating plan was very cramped, it was almost as if the other table could see what you were putting on your fork as they were so close.H10 Marina is a good 10 minute walk from the beach. Once there you will find numerous seafood restaurants and the Grand Casino - which gives you free entry if you stay at H10.Personally, we absolutely fell in love with the city and the H10 Marina is a very nice modern hotel and we can't wait to go again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jocov
<Content>A very mixed stay Hotel H10 Marina was ok but the standard of our room and the service once we complained were definitly not up to the standard that you would expect from a four star hotel. When we arrived, the outside window did not close, the main light did not work, the shower head was broken and the sink was nearly hanging off the wall. We reported these on our first full day there and waited for something to be done. After four full days of living in a dark room, with an unlocked window, getting the whole of the bathroom soaked every time we had a shower and being afraid when we brushed our teeth that the sink would fall on our toes, we left! We had complained several times, reported the facts to reception and the cleaning staff. In the end we got ten euros off our mini bar bill. It is a shame because the hotel itself was quite nice looking. The roof swimming pool is fine but not good for children or people wanting to swim...maybe it should be described as more of a water hole for cooling off while sunbathing! It is very small and people sunbathe all round the edge so no splashing allowed!!The indoor swimming pool was 12 euros 50 for the day. Massages etc were good. Location is very good 5 euro taxi ride to placa catalunya and it is walkable. Again, not far to the port olympico with lots of things to do there including the beach.Overall, I think that we had a bad experience of this hotel and is perhaps best for business people rather than holiday makers.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good Just got back from a weekend there with my wife...Nice hotel, we'd definitely go again.The rooftop pool is very small (think postage stamp) and we couldnt get near it.The location is good for the beach/Olympic Port (5 minute walk). The area is a bit eerie after dark. But a few drinks down at the port and youll soon forget that ;-) Alternatively get a cab!Its about 6/7 Euros to the ramblas/Placa Catalunya in a cab.We'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolute luxury this hotel was brilliant altho on some reviews it says about the surrounding streets being run down we were not put off at all the hotel is in a superb spot for all areas 5 mins walk from all the resturants and night clubs in the olympic port the rooms are gorgeous and as we got a late deal it was such a good deal the staff there are so helpful and friendly. we had a day in the spa and indoor pool and it was heaven altho was 12.50 euros a day it was well worth it. the outdoor pool was lovely altho only 3 ft deep and if the sun is out there is a bit of a scramble for the sunbeds!! its very relaxing up there tho with all the views to look at, also the outdoor pool bar was only open at funny times and not at all one day we were gasping for an ice cream!! the breakfast was the most amazing one ive ever had they had everything you can imagine and as much as you want even champagne and strawberries! cooked english, continental with cheeses and meats crossiants boiled eggs and much much more! well worth the 15 euros in general the hotel staff spoke very good english but when you step foot out of the hotel you will need youre phrase book! the taxi drivers are hard to talk to so take the hotel card to get back to it again! there is a tour bus that we were very impressed with you can hop on and off all day as much as you want to and they speak good english too better than getting taxis!! mind you if there is a paticular spot you want to see eg the cathedral then you will need to get off the bus and get on the next one at that stop because on the bus you only have a few seconds to see it as they drive past the blue tour is the best route round the old port etcfor drinks in the evening the hotel is very reasonable and the port resturants are good prices too however the night clubs/disco tecs are very expencive it was 18 euros for 2 vodka and cokes they do have male and female pole dancers in one place though hehe  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautful Friendly Hotel with an excellent Location Perfectly situated in Barcelona, the Gaudi Cathedral  Port Olympica all within a 5 minute walk! The hotel has a lovely modern decor, excellent facilities and plenty of friendly helpful staff. The atmosphere is calm and tranquil and the rooms comfortable, every time I visit Barcelona I will be staying here!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel from airport its a 25-30 Euro juorney by taxi or if you like you can experience the metro. take the shuttle train from airport to plaza catalunya. WATCH for PICKPOCKETS(2.50 Euros each) then join the red line metro to marina station..(2 euros each) walk down Mariina St to Bogatell + turn left. Hotel a short distance. Dont be put off by the graffitti. some of it is very artistic. Fantastic hotel, good staff, great rooms, although we only slept in it lol. Brekky is 16 Euros each if not included in holiday(fantastic buffet),beer at Hotel cheap, Spirits ooer dont!! dont buy spirits in Barca as beer is v.cheap(Estrella Damm) great restaurants nearby.(6 euros for 2 course + a beer!!!). Local shops + pharmacies close by. Beach is 10 mins walk. number 14 bus to Las Ramblas,(red bus route) although we bought the passes for Bus Turistic tours(on Bus). 1 day pass(17Euro).2 days (21 Euro)etc You get 3 routes Green.Blue + Red Hop on + hop off system. Map provided . Fantastic way to view whole city.its a must try experience. Marina area has bars,pole dancers lol etc.. hard rock cafe in Pl Catalunya is a must. Taxi from same to Marina Hotel was 5 Euros fantastico!! lol. Last thing!!! Watch pickpockets. when eating out or drinking.Do NOT leave your phone,cash or camera ETC on the table. 4 Women tried to steal My new Phone from inder nose by holding a sheet of paper over it + begging for money..Lucky i caught on quik + seen it. Be warned  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel This is a good hotel although we had few problems/issues. In total we booked three rooms (2 twins/1 single) for 5 people. In two of the rooms, only got few TV stations, whilst in other, got plenty of stations. Air condition didn't work properly in one of the rooms, complained three times, nothing got done so we left it as it is. During our stay, one of the lifts was broken down and there was a long wait for lifts during peak hours. The nearest Metro Station to the hotel is Bogatell. On the way to and from the station, it just smelled of sewage. Very hard to avoid. We really enjoyed the breakfast hall and the drinks lounge on ground floor. Overall, the facilities provided in lower ground floor (Swimming Pool, Sauna, Jacuzzi, Steam Room) were great and I recommend them highly if you stay there.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>R-LIL'S
<Content>Swim into this hotel... This hotel is in a great location and what a fantastic hotel...nice, clean, friendly and very near the beach. The staff were very helpful and very friendly and they all spoke English. The rooms were a bit small but were very bright and clean, and everything was provided even a shaving kit and toothbrush (I forgot mine). The breakfast buffet was fit for a king there was so much to chose from (hot and cold) what a great start to the day.The beach was only 5 minutes walk away and the famous Port Vell (la Ramblas) was an enjoyable 30 minutes walk.The restaurants and clubs in Port Olympic are well worth a visit, something to suit all.The hotel bar was a friendly place to sit and chill in the evenings, with nice comfortable sofas and chairs. The outdoor pool on floor 8 was very nice and clean and what a great view of Barcelona from this high up. Barcelona is a fantastic City, I will be returning to this hotel within the next few weeks...I love it. I would recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location great service Very close to the olympic port, excellent stuff, impressive breakfast, large rooms, nice poo . The airconditioning needs to be checked, not bad but it can be better! Avoid hotels at las ramblas! The real night life and good restaurants are near the olympic port. Very good location to all the major sites especially Sagrada Familia. Please note that I am a travel agent from Greece and its my 5th group this year.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breakfast Banquet The H10 Marina is a brand new hotel just a short walk from the beach and Olympic village which is packed with restaurants, clubs, and interesting craft stalls. I went with Last Minute.com to this hotel a few months back. Apart from our flight being cancelled without telling us until 11pm the same night, it was worth the trip. I was just sorry that I missed out one night of oir stay at this hotel. There was a small pool on the roof of the hotel, where you could also enjoy great views over Barcelona in all directions. The staff were friendly and helpful. The biggest surprise though was the buffet breakfast. I have never seen so much food first thing in the morning in my life. There was literally something for everyone, even for non-dairy eaters. I would highly recommend this hotel, especially to anyone with a big appetite.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBCMarlborough
<Content>Great Location I had read a few reviews about this hotel after i had made the booking !! i was slightly worried about location i must admit taxi driver didn't know were it was so we had to help with map etc but once we had arrived we found staff very helpful hotel very clean amazing breakfast only 10 minutes walk to beach i admit a long walk to city but we took in all the ambiance of barcelona on way to sum up great hotel fantastic city will certainly return don't be put of by the graffiti.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great place to stay Reception very friendly, service in the restaurant very efficient. Accommodation was really comfortable. Breakfast was superb. Location ideal for evening walks to the harbour and wandering around the many restaurants. We didn't want to stay in the middle of Barcelona but access to the city centre was easy via the metro. We did hire a car from Girona Airport but only used it for transfer and excursion to Montserrat. If we return to Barcelona I'd love to go back to this hotel.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DancingqueenSurrey
<Content>Take some ear plugs!!!! We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and chose this hotel because of its location close to the sandy beach. It was an easy 10 minute pleasant stroll to the beach where Port Olympic has some fantastic restaurants. If you are a beach lover as we are, this is a perfect location because you are close to the beach and can walk (25mins) to La Ramblas or get the Toursit Bus or metro.On arrival we were upgraded to a suite due to usual guest rooms being full due to a conference.The room was superb. However there were no tea / coffee making facilities.We had heard reviews about the noise but no one could have prepared us for how thin the walls were. The couple next door kept us awake for two nights due to their lovemaking which at first was a laugh but in the early hours of the morning after a busy day sightseeing, sleep is welcomed. It was impossible to sleep and EVERY noise could be heard as if there were no walls. We have never been in a hotel where you can here everything!!!!!!! I would recommend this hotel but take ear plugs or plan to stay awake lovemaking yourselves!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gclat
<Content>Watch out for phone charges Great rooms. Be careful, their wellness center not open on any holidays (which happen continually in Spain). Got hit with high phone charges on local calls. Their Internet line didn't work and I used a modem. I now own part of the hotel ($30 for less than an hour of local calls). WATCH THAT.Otherwise a great hotel for the price. Room and others were great for price.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hen Weekend! I have just returned from my sister's hen weekend, 21 of us stayed at the hotel, and from the moment we arrived, the staff couldn't do enough for us, particularly the lovely Oliver behind the bar who kept the ice cold San Miguel flowing for us on the afternoon we arrived! The rooms were spacious, modern and spotless, the breakfast as most other visitors have told you is superb, although we didn't always get up in time to enjoy it as we had been sampling the excellent night life in Barcelona! if you miss breakfast you can ask for it in your room for a 3 Euros charge, well worth knowing!The area around the hotel is a bit run down and two of the girls were the victims of a mugging, which was very unfortunate, but could have happened anywhere in Barcelona, as unfortunately bag snatching is rife, wherever you are which is a real shame as Barcelona has so much to offer. Our advice is just get a taxi everywhere, they are plentiful and cheap.The hotel's location is ideal for a city break as it is between the main city areas (la ramblas) and the beach/olympic port.Thoroughly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sugarbabe61
<Content>Spotless, Clean  Feb 2005. Just returned from 3 nights at H10 Marina. The room was excellent, on the first floor and very well equipped. A HUGE bed as well!! As others have said the breakfasts are amazing. I have never seen such a wide choice of different foods. Nice to see the very healthy options too. I was a little apprehensive after reading other reviews re the area. However we did not find the area to be run down, admitted it was in a residential area and there was grafitti about. However, look around Barcelona and you will see quite a bit of grafitti. It is not illegal over there and is encouraged, also it was more like art than grafitti. The only things we didn't like about the hotel were the over inflated bar prices. 19 Euros for 2 Gin and tonics and a small beer. Also we were half board and 2 nights of the 3, we got no choice in our starter or main course and were told what we would be having!! Also as others have said, the walls are thin and the hotel can be noisy at night. We did a full day Barcelona tour but would not recommend this. We were dropped off at the Spanish Village at 11.40, lunch was included and was scheduled for 13.00 and we were being picked up at 15.00 for the remainder of the afternoon tour. You can see all of the Spanish Village in half an hour so we were thoroughly bored, freezing cold and totally fed up being stuck there for all that time. We travelled about on the Metro, we had done lots of research on Barcelona and the scum people who pickpocket. We carried very little. However on the 2nd day, on the crowded metro, these scum attempted without success, to pickpocket hubby. Fortunately he had cottoned on very early that they were suspicious. They tried to move in behind him as though they were getting off the Metro, they hid their hands by carrying their jacket over them. When I say they, this was one guy who attempted this but there was 3 of them. They got off the metro, ran down the platform, and got back on the Metro further up. This sadly put a great dampner on the whole break and made me feel very uneasy for the rest of the time. Overall we would definitely recommend the H10 Marina but take your own drink and eat out at night!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, shame about the location In March 2003 we stayed there for four nights, the hotel was amazing the breakfast was the biggest and best ever and the rooms were spotless. The only downfall was the location although within a 10 minute walk you were at the metro and the taxi services were very handy. Overall a great hotel in an amazing city, we have now got the h10 bug and are next visiting a h10 in tenerife.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel with friendly staff My wife and I spent a few days in Barcelona from 8 -12 November 2004. We had booked via the internet to stay at the H10 Marina. We were collected at the airport and on our arrival at the hotel were informed by reception staff (Allessandra - sorry if this is spelt wrong) who informed us that they were having technical difficulties with our room!! and we were to be transferred to another H10 hotel in the city centre. We returned to the Marina the following morning to be met by Allessandrsa again who welcomed us with a beaming smile and stated that she had a very good room for us. Indeed they did, we were put into one of the Junior suits on the tenth floor. What a room and what a view. Our stay in the hotel was very enjoyable. The staff were very friendly and although I attempted a little Spanish all staff cloud speak English very well. I had read a few reviews of the hotel on the web before going to Barcelona, some favourable, some critical. In brief - the hotel was excellent as were the staff. Breakfast was very good and the choice plentiful. The distance from the city centre I did not find too great, I enjoy walking and taking in the sights wherever I go. The nearest metro station was only five minutes walk away and although in a quiet area I never once felt threatened although my wife did say she felt uneasy. The graffitti never bothered me. Lets face it whatever city you visit I am sure most folk have come across graffitti of some form or another.Barcelona is a wonderful city well worth visiting and I most certainly would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly Fantastic!!!! Me and my boyfriend styed here last year on 17th dec 2003! well what can i say! it was in a developing area, but i just overlook that! we walked in the hotel it was beautifull! the staff were friendly and very good at there job. our room was lovely very modern and stylish. The location well reading the reviews from other people the are critsing it saying it is a 40 min walk! well you dont have to walk any where just catch the underground it takes about 5 mins to walk to and you are at your destination in no time! las ramblas can be rough at night so i recommend you stay out of it h10 marina is a 5* in every thing.The food is brilliant try everything!!!!anyone can feel free to email me!!thanxjoanne  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ixion
<Content>Great hotel but too far from the action - no taxis, paper thin walls Just came back from 1 week business trip to Barcelona and stayed at this hotel. It was a good hotel for the price, but had enough issues that i would not stay there again. The Good: - reasonable price for the quality - updated rooms, hardwood floors, nice decor, nice bathroom with marble - although rooms are small, they're standard European sized rooms - nice lobby bar and wine bar downstairs - REALY nice staff and very helpful, spoke english and french as well as spanish/catalan - not far from metro station - walking distance to the cool restaurants and clubs of the beach/marina The Bad:- hotel is too far from the action of the old gothic quarter and Ramblas, it's a 30-40 minute walk - the neighborhood is not so good, there are no restaurants nearby, it's drab looking - there are no taxis around, you can't just go out and hail one, you have to ask the hotel to call one and one night it took 15 minutes for them to comeThe REALLY BAD: - this hotel has paper thin walls, you can hear everything include your neighbors having sex, taking a bath or whatever - the showers have a serious and DANGEROUS issue: every 10 seconds or so, the cold water stops and the water becomes 100% full hot, it is so hot that it scalded my head the first time - this was not just in my room, i spoke with colleagues who also experienced the same problem in their rooms - this is a very dangerous situation - you basically cannot stand under the water when showering I would not stay there again. There are better choices closer to the action.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is a major downfall Stayed there for 2 nights Sept 2004. A very modern, big hotel with friendly enough staff. Don't expect the personal touch that you get in smaller hotels but it's run efficiently. Breakfast was fantastic. Roof top pool was nice, but small.The big problem with this hotel is it's location. Close to the beach (which isn't very clean by the way), the casino and the olympic port, but not close to anywhere else worth noting. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from the nearest Metro station, and it's not a very pleasant 10 minute walk after dark. It's based in the Olympic area of Barcelona which must have been impressive enough back in 1992, but unfortunately the area has been let go and looks a bit shabby by now. We didn't feel very safe in the hotel's neighbourhood after dark and used taxi's to get around. The hotel is a two minute walk away from a very daunting and grim looking prison.I wouldn't recommend this hotel for tourists who want to see the sights of Barcelona. You'd be better off spending your money on a decent enough hotel closer to the centre and in a more pleasant area.So, an expensive hotel with good facilities and service, but location lets it down bigtime.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Theresa2828
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 11 nights in August 2004. Found the hotel staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very comfortable we upgraded to a room with a balcony and they kindly supplied us with sunbeds. The breakfast was excellent and the choice was best I have seen. Thought the wellness centre was rather expensive but if you booked treatments which were very reasonably priced and excellent you got free entry to pool etc. We sat and watched people working on the grafitte walls outside and if you take a closer look you will find them very well done by people who can actually draw. Would definately go back.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay - but stay somewhere else My girlfriend and I stayed at it in mid-august. The location is not good. It's three blocks from a metro stop but the area around the stop and the hotel looked abandoned no matter what hour we walked through it. It looked like the hotel was built for the Olympics but didn't have the economic infrastructure to support a longterm and sustainable economy around it.Inside the hotel is nice though. The bar is small with an unfriendly but attentive staff. Lots of other tourists were there (I think the 80 euros a night price was right for this four star hotel).The room was large, mattress was WAY too firm and the bathroom was sparse - but everything was well designed. Nice artwork. The staff was not good though - the told the wrong pick-up time for a cab we hired to take us to the airport and we had to pay for that time, they entered our room when the do not disturb sign was on, and they were overall rude at the bar. The check-in person was friendly and attentive though.I'd say go somewhere else because this place was so mediocre. It worked as a hotel, but didn't have any flare to it. Spend the extra couple of dollars and stay more central, closer to a metro stop. If you like the nightlife though, stay here. It's about two blocks away from the casino and Port Olympica. And the beach is nearby too. Oh, the pool is really small and if there are more than two or three people on the roof, it looks crowded. Don't stay in the place expecting the pool to be available or look appealing - even in the august heat!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel A Great Hotel, Great Location , 5 minutes walk to the marina where you can catch the tourist bus, eat or hit the beach, 2 minute walk to the metro. Fantasatic Breakfast. We were dubious about staying at the marina because of previous reviews but we loved it. Staff were friendly and the rooms were Brilliant. A really Great Hotel. Don't worry about the graffiti, it's not as bad as it sounds.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emememSFbayarea
<Content>Overpriced, somewhat nice, but paper-thin walls I did not like this hotel as much as the other reviewers did. The rooms did have new furnishings, but my single was very small and the walls were paper thin. People stay up very late in Barcelona, so it is not surprising that the people in the room next door came in at 4am. However, just the fact that one of them was talking on a cell phone next to the wall kept me up for an hour. Also, although the bathroom was large, the shower, although new, is set up in a way to assure flooding of the bathroom floor. Some of the staff had a bit of an attitude, and everything extra was overpriced, especially given that the dollar was weak and there was no where nearby to get snacks or drinks from. The neighborhood is bleak. The subway is terrific -- trains arrive every 4 minutes, and I choose the hotel because it is near a subway stop, but as a woman alone I worried a bit walking to and from it at all hours. However, I had no problems in Barcelona generally -- no one acted threatening and there were no catcalls, so this probably is not a concern.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best breakfast in the WORLD!!!! Myself and 7 friends stayed at the hotel in July for my 30th Birthday. Barcelona was full that week as the city was hosting a major conference so we did not have much choice of hotel. However the H10 Marina turned out to be the PERFECT hotel. The staff were fantastic, rooms very clean, great swimming pool and they serve the biggest breakfast I have ever seen!! Despite other comments on the location the hotel is withn walking distance of the beach, old town and next to a very nice park. Our stay at the H10 Marina was 2nd to none!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GordonWorcester
<Content>Super hotel - location good, metro superb! Have just returned from a 5 night stay. OK, the immediate area is not perfect, but it certainly isn't a problem. The nearest Metro is a 2 minute walk, there are a number of back street bars and shops if you don't want to pay hotel prices (which are not expensive - 2.5 Euro for a beer from the mini bar in your room). The city centre is a 5 minute Metro ride, the beach a 10 minute walk and once the local building work is complete all will be fine. The breakfasts are superb, the staff very helpful and the hotel spotlessly clean. The Wellness Centre costs 12.5 Euro a day, but is a VIP experience. Oh, and to round off your stay, take the luxury hotel transfer to the airport fir 28 Euro. Go for it - you won't regret it!! Also the metro is super efficient with a train at worst every 5 minutes!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Hotel with really helpful staff Just returned from a super week in Barcelona and despite the graffiti in the area, which you will find in most major cities, the relatively new H10 Hotel Marina is well on the way to matching the quality of other hotels in this Group. The staff are really helpful and nothing is too much trouble for them. Food is of a high quality and the ambience is what you would expect in what is primarily a 'business' hotel. What it could do with is a hotel 'shop' and a note on its web site that it does not exchange travellers cheques, which can be a pain on a Sunday! Located marginally out of town, it is a place to escape the continual buzz of a major international centre. Would use the hotel again and happy to recommend it to anyone who has to travel to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>supahotchick
<Content>would not stay here again The hotel had promised a larger than average top floor room with sea views by email, when we arrived our room ticket had the room no 1003 crossed out and replaced by a room no of 719, we did not get a top floor spacious room as indicated. Another thing was we had to pay 12/14 euros each for the use of the spa. This was not advertised anywhere untill you turned up to the facility to actually use it. This felt like a bit of a liberty really, as I booked this 4* hotel because of the spa facilities! Also, the maid did not service our room on one morning, I understand other guests fell prey to this too. The hotel staff on reception were OK, but didn't really go out of their way to offer solutions to or any practical help.On the up side the rooms are v nice, the breakfast is amazing all appetites catered for, and the metro is v close.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Candymiller
<Content>Excellent hotel - but check directions here to locate! Stayed 18-20 June 04.To find this excellent hotel from Bogatell station, go down Zamora (south) and take next right at C.d.Llull. Hotel will then become obvious on left in its own 'placa'! Our internet directions left much to be desired, which you don't need when you're carrying bags.Thoroughly recommend this hotel for all the reasons given in other reviews here. Inclusive breakfast with our deal is superb and varied buffet, rooms are excellent and though hotel's immediate environment is poor (building site opposite; graffitti etc) its location near excellent beaches and 2 mins from tubemore than compensates.Very helpful staff with good English!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bianchi
<Content>a 4 star hotel in a 1 star neighborhood We were just at this hotel the last few days of May, 2004. There are positive reasons to stay here. It is clean. The staff is truly fantastic! The rooms have gigantic double beds! The breakfast is outstanding... though very expensive (15 euros p/p) if you don't include it in your stay. However, the neighborhood is a little odd. You find the hotel in a pocket of graffiti lined streets. You have to hop the Metro to access more interesting parts of the city. The good thing is , the Bogatell station is just around the corner! Don't keep the windows open too long! We woke up full of skeeter bites after leaving the window open one night!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H 10 Marina Hotel 2/6/04 Just arrived back from a hen weekend in Barcelona, staying at the H 10 Marina Hotel near Port Olympic. Very Very impressed with the hotel. Location was perfect with plenty of nightlife within walking distance and easy to catch the sightseeing bus which takes you to the Ramblas and tourist areas. Barcelona is a beautiful place with plenty to see and do. However, WATCH YOUR HANDBAG ESPECIALLY AROUND THE FLOWER SELLERS!!!   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern Hotel offering great value for money.... We stayed 4 nights at this excellent, brand new hotel and loved it. The room was modern and spotlessly clean, staff spoke great english and were very helpful. As has been stated the Breakfast Buffet is excellent and the Dinner we had there was fine.I am surprised some people didn`t like the location as its perfectly placed for Barcelonas best beaches (10 minutes walk) and fast access to everything you want to see by Metro ( one block behind the hotel). The Tourist bus which is an excellent introduction to the city can be caught in front of the Mapfre building at the Olympic Marina (10 minutes walk).Admittedly in the immediate vicinity there arent any restaurants but there isnt any streetnoise either. I would definately stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tangek
<Content>A gem of a hotel in a quiet neighborhood We just returned from a very enjoyable 4-night stay at the H10 Marina Barcelona, a 4 star hotel with excellent prices on websites such as Expedia. Our room was on the 9th floor and had a good view of the neighborhood. The decor was modern, the bed was comfortable and the marble bathroom was spotless. The hotel staff was very accommodating with reservations, directions, and airline reconfirmation. The hotel has a restaurant and wine bar, the latter of which had a fabulous local wine and cava (Spanish champagne, a local specialty) list and a tapa menu with good value. The hotel was approximately a 20-minute walk from the Barri Gotti, a 5-minute walk from the beach, a 15-minute walk from the Sagrada Familia, and is within a few short blocks of 2 subway lines. If you like a quiet neighborhood just outside the hustle and bustle, this is a great hotel. If you expect to be in the thick of the action, then you may want to stay elsewhere. We loved this hotel and would definitely return.  
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel - shame about the area We arrived at the hotel on 5th May 2004. Myself and my friend had booked our hotel on the internet and we were hoping that we had made a good choice. The hotel was wonderful - the staff were very helpful and friendly, the rooms were lovely and the breakfast was certainly varied and interesting.My only reservation about our three day break was the surrounding area of the hotel which left a lot to be desired.Unless you use the metro or a taxi it is a long walk into the main city area, but all in all we had a great time in a lovely city.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Just arrived back after 2 wonderful days/nights in this excellent hotel. Great hotel,excellent polite and friendly staff. Would recommend this hotel. 2 Mins to Metro and taxi ride to central shopping areas 10 euros and ten mins. Breakfast was a fuul english or cold buffet..........Great rates for a genuine 4* hotel  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean! We went to the H10 Marina for our honeymoon. We read the reviews first so expected the hotel to be nice but we were pleasantly surprised at how clean it was. We had a lovely big room that was imacculate. The beds are huge and the room very well equiped with everything you need to bath, shower, clean your teeth and shave! The hotel staff are very helpfull and friendly. We found out just how much when my new husband had his wallet pick pocketed in the olympic village and they had all the telephone numbers to hand to help us cancel cards in england. We would visit the hotel again like a shot, and it's true about the breakfasts ...you can't fail to eat there is so much to choose from. One thing to be careful of though ... the ornamental pool in the wine bar has no rail and i, much to my husbands amusement, fell in! It's not deep, but a touch embarrasing when you are dressed and ready to go out! The hotel transfer back to the airport was well worth it too, cost 28 euros so about the same as a taxi but without the hassle. Top hotel and would certainly go back.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The poorest customer service and satisfaction from a chain we used to rate highly This Hotel is definately not one I would recommend. We arrived on Valentines weekend (after it being booked as a suprise getaway for my fiance - the only one we will have this year) only to find that the rooms on floor 5 (out of 10 floors) had apparently been flooded? ......within 10 minutes of getting there and waiting to check-in we were told there was no room for us in the H10 Marina what so ever, or any of the other 3 or 4 H10 hotels in Barcelona - without consultation the staff forced us into a taxi which they had called and we were carted off to some back street, lower class hotel..........for one night, we were given no choices or options and when we called the H10 hotel back to say we weren't happy in this other hotel they told us in short it was tough and there was nothing we could do about it and they were not willing to do anything else either. We stayed there, then the next day - Valentines morning we had to pack up our luggage and move back to the H10 for a nights stay there as they needed our room in this subsitute hotel for their own guests - transport had to be arrranged by ourselves. On a three day trip (our first to Barcelona) we did not expect the hotel to be so unaccomodating and rude to their customers. We later found out when checking out of the H10 that a couple behind us in the check-in queue were initally told the same as us about the supposed flood and no rooms available, however after kicking up a fuss were upgraded to a suite within the hotel for the whole weekend......we have since complained to the H10 Marina Hotel and the H10 chain and are still waiting 2 months later for any kind of reply. I would advise anyone who is thinking of staying at this hotel not to, there are plenty of places to stay in Barcelona and this is one that could afford to be missed. The staff are far from helpful - specifically the reception staff and customer satisfaction is obviously not a priority to them. I find this ever so disappointing as in the past on numerous occasions we have opted for a H10 chain hotel over others for their high standard of accomodation and customer service..........not any more.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Would stay there again Stayed at the H10 from Sat March 20th for 3 nights and found it very smart indeed, the room was very spacious and the bed was huge, the marble bathroom was superb with 2 power showers and a jacuzzi, very modern with chrome and glass fittings, rooms were spotless and cleaned everyday, the only problem we had with our room on the 9th floor was that the floor to ceiling windows (which were great letting in lots of natural daylight) didn't open at all for ventilation and we found the room stifling hot upon returning at the end of the day, and the air conditioning, we were informed by staff only blew out hot air, maybe it was the time of the year but wouldn't recommend our room during the hot summer months. We too experienced loud noise and nuisance late at night from the room next door, although this is hardly the fault of the hotel, we went and knocked ourselves and told them to keep it down, was shocked though when they answered the door -it was a room full of rough looking middle aged English women!! Breakfast was as reported - excellent - champagne and strawberries if you wanted it. Weather was T-shirt weather, nice and sunny although cool in the evenings, Barcelona was great, would recommend Creme Canela restaurant in street just off Ramblas Gothic quarter. We were worried about the location after reading other reviews but we thought the hotel location was OK, within 20/25 min walking distance for everything, metro 5 mins away, and taxis are cheap enough, if you want to stay in the centre of things then you make sure to book it, we had no problems with the location. All-in-all we had a great break and would certainly stay at the H10 Marina if we ever return.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel on the whole. Stayed here mid-March 2004 and was on the whole pretty pleased. For the price the rooms are spacious, well cleaned and freshly designed. Beds are huge, if a little hard for some tastes. Food was excellent, as everyone has already said a massive variety of breakfasts is available. We ate one evening in the restaurant too, and this was equally impressive.Staff were on the whole very helpful although i was disapointed that the Wellness Centre (spa/pool etc) facilities were not free to all guests (12.50 euros each) and told them as such. Nowhere in their literature does it state that you pay extra for this. Also these facilities are open at pretty useless times if a weekend visitor (1-7pm)The free internet access in the business suite was very useful and the bar/reception area was very pleasant - note the bar is only open until 12 though. As for its location, well we found it perfect. Metro is a short walk away, quick and reliable. Had no reason to use a cab during our stay. 10 minute walk to the beach / marina (pretty lively at night!) and 15 minutes to the gothic quarter.All in all would recommend this hotel as long as you dont insist on being in the thick of the action or are expecting spa facilities to be included. Loved Barcelona by the way!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALG027
<Content>A good choice Having heard nightmare stories of noise, nuisance and trouble from people who had stayed in and around the Ramblas we chose this hotel for a three night break and were not disappointed. Yes it is a little way from the heart of things but was easily accessible by metro and we never felt the need to use a taxi. The ten minute walk to the beach is not unpleasant and is worth the effort. The general level of service is good but be careful if you eat in the restaurant as the translation of the menu into English is literal and can be misleading, however the food is excellent even if it is a surprise! The bedrooms are scandinavian in style but be warned the mattress was extremely firm even compared to our orthopaedic one at home. We felt the hotel was excellent value for money.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If only the taxi drivers knew the hotel Hotel itself was pleasant enough - rooms were clean, pool clean although small, Spa area very relaxing, and the food that we had there was more than adequate. Its great that you are in walking distance of the Village in order for nightlife ( we were on a Hen weekend, and certainly made the most of it) and the bus stop for the city trips wasnt far. However, the surrounding are is a little bit run down, and extemly quiet! We had a problem getting a taxi home at night - many of the drivers had absolutely no idea where we were staying - and carrying the address  hotel telephone number didnt help! All in all we had a great weekend, and we certainly got value for money.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL, BRILLIANT NIGHT LIFE! This was an excellent hotel. Staff were friendly and helpfull. We were checked in promtly and efficiently. The rooms were a good size and spotlessley clean, with maid service every day.The breakfast was very good with a great choice of hot and cold buffett style food. The hotel was a short tax ride or good 15 minute walk into the Ramblas/Gothic areas. The walk was lovely and took you past some lovely buildings so well worth doing. The hotel was only a few minutes walk from the harbour area where there were loads of good restaurants, bars and clubs, which were open till 5am! I would recommend the Baji Beach Club (behind the Casino on the beach front) for a really great night out. The entertainment here was fantastic, particularly for the girls!I would say to women to be particularly vigilant at night as one of our group was the victim of an attempted hand-bag snatch and we heard of several others from women staying in our hotel! Don't walk, get a taxi!I'd would strongly recommend the sightseeing Bus Tour which you can pick up from the end of Las Ramblas in the square. There are two tours and for 16 euros you can go on both of them and hop on and off the bus as you please.I would certainly stay in this hotel again and would most likely take my family here too.Barcelona was a great place  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H10 Marina: A good choice for us I visited the H10 Marina in February 2004 with a group of friends. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. It is a little out of the main tourist area but access is very easy using the metro which is cheap and trains very frequent. It is well placed for the harbour area with some excellent restaurants. This is clearly a developing location with the inevitable building work, but this did not present any problems to us. The hotel is new, bright and clean. Rooms were very light and of a good size, but we did have noisy neighbours! Staff were very polite and keen to assist however they could. We thought the H10 was good value for money but drinks from the bar were expensive. The breakfasts were superb with a great choice available. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clarington
<Content>A really good place to stay I have just returned from a 3 day stay at the H10 Marina Barcelona Hotel. The hotel was in a very good location to see the sights and the staff were always very helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, it offered very good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Val6
<Content>Between the town and the sea After long hours of indecision about where best to be placed in the town, and after reading varied reviews of the H10 Marina - we decided it seemed a good location. It was excellent - 5 minutes to port olympic, the sea, restaurants and bars (although beware the clubby bars are v expensive) (Baha beach was reasonable and entertaining). We found a lovely restaurant on the top level of port olympic - v friendly and patronised by the locals. A 20 minute walk to Las Ramblas via Barri Gothic or just two blocks from the metro (bogatell) - about 5 minutes on the metro to town. Or a taxi only 2/3 euros to the port (which we did when it was raining. You can pick up the tourist bus by the port too. The hotel staff were v friendly, helpful, rooms really well decorated, the drinks in the bar were very reasonable for a 4* hotel. The wine tasting is only once a month, so it would depend on when you go. We used the pool and jacuzzi, sauna one evening, when it was v heavy rain and we needed to warm up. All in all, would definitely go back there and would have rather been there than on the Ramblas.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best! It was the best hotel I could remember we had a great time in the hotel at the swimmingpool, jacuzzi and steam bath. the people were very nice. they gave us good information and ... the food was delisious!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh, to see the sea !! Having left the H10 after a 3 night stay I am still slightly perplexed as to how I should review the hotel and it's staff. The hotel is modern, clean and great for lovers of marble. It's location is somewhat bizarre. Don't be misled by the word marina featuring in the title. It is a good 10 minute walk to the nearest beach and a view of the sea can only be gained from the highest vantage point in the hotel. Although the Metro Bogatell is less than 5 minutes away the hotel's immediate environment is rather seedy and I wouldn't recommend coming back to the hotel in the evening by any other mode than taxi. Therein lies another problem. Getting a taxi to come to the hotel, anything like promptly, is a tricky task and hailing one in Barcelona to take you home can lead to lengthy discussions with the cab driver and several flicks thru his Barcelona A-Z. The hotel is simply not well known.The staff are generally very helpful. We had an initial problem with a room mix-up thru Expedia but that was resolved quietly and efficiently. The level of English spoken by the staff is excellent.The breakfasts are superb. The range and quality of the food is great and the buffet-style service allows you to really chow-down and prepare for the day ahead.The spa facilities are also well worth visiting. A small pool is complemented with a sauna, steam room, jacuzzi and plunge pool. It is free to guests. The one complaint is that children under 16 are not allowed in. A strange anomaly in child-friendly Spain. The rooms are spacious and fully-equipped and the standard of cleanliness is high.Overall, it's a good choice of hotel but the location is its biggest downfall. However, taxis in Barcelona are cheap and plentiful so travel into and out of the hotel, although sometimes a wait, is not a huge problem.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it!!! After staying in Barcelona for 3-days, and getting ready to leave for the island of Mallorca for 6-days, we decided to book a room at H10 Marina. I heard about the hotel and read some of the reviews and decided this would be nice to stay when we return from Mallorca. All I could say is the rooms were spacious, and the staff and service was excellent. Having a room on the 10th floor with a view of the city was fantastic. The location is near the clubs walking distance to the Casino, and near the Bogatell metro station. We definately recommend staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We booked this hotel about 3 months before it was completed, so were a bit aprehensive as we read the first reviews. We could not have been more pleased. The rooms are fantastic and spotlessly clean, the beds were massive and the bathroom had everything you could wish for. The breakfasts were great with a huge choice and something for everyone. We ate in the restaurant at night and the food can only be described as superb and working out about ?20 per head including wine was value for money. One thing I must point out is that you must ask what each dish actually consists of. We ordered chicken stew which turned out to be chicken pieces with peas and nothing else and the veal stew turned up as mashed potato with braised veal pieces all round. No veg with either, however after the meal you were full without being bloated. All in all you cannot go wrong with this hotel we found it easily placed for all you needed to do and only 10 mins from the beach  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deirdreroo
<Content>Luxury! Stayed here for 7 nights, absolutely lovely! The breakfast buffet is incredible! Rooms are spotless, staff really friendly. Check out the business centre on the ground floor for free internet access! Okay, it's a little out of town but it's a 5 min walk to Marina Metro and about 3 mins to Bogatell. Taxis are inexpensive to the centre also and it's a short walk to the waterfront, bout 10 mins.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the massive beds!!!!!!!!!! we have just spent 3 nights at this hotel and it was excellent to say the least.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and the breakfasts were wonderful. It is set on the outskirts of the town but taxis are available and the metro is behind the hotel and really cheap. I WOULD ADVISE TO GET A BUS FROM THE AIRPORT AS TAXIS ARE DEAR. Our easyjet flights from Bristol were fine and not too much of a delay. WE WOULD DEFINATELY STAY HERE AGAIN.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynnev
<Content>Fun in the sun Spent 3 nights in the Marina Barcelona and had a fantastic holiday - the rooms were large, clean and air conditioned. Great location in my opinion after sampling the congested hotels in La Ramblas (not to mention the seedy people hovering around in the evening) a short walk to the Port where you can find dozens of restaurants, pubs and clubs open until 5am, with another short walk home. Great for younger people looking for a wild weekend! My friends and I do not fit that cagegory but we did our best! We are returning in May.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H10 - We liked it! We stayed at the H10 Marina on the 14-16 December 2003. The hotel was in an area that left alot to be desired due to the on-going developement but don't dwell on this too much - (they say it will be the hip place to be when it's completed). The hotel itself was top notch - lovely clean rooms, pleasant staff and a buffet breakfast to die for (anything and everything you could want to start your day off!) Even though the hotel is not in the city centre the metro is just a 5 minute walk away and is very safe and easy to use. For our first experience in Barcelona it was a good one and the hotel was excellent, but i feel that a more central located hotel would have been better - especially for my poor feet!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A room with a view. We (my wife and I) were a bit apprehensive before we had even arrived as we had booked the Easyjet flight and the hotel reservation over the internet, this is the first time we had done anything like this but must say that it was so easy. We stayed at the H10 Marina hotel from November 26-29 during which we had a wonderful time. The funny thing was though, we were supposed to be staying at the H10 Itica in the city and not the Marina, there were air conditioning problems at the Hotel Itica so when we arrived we were transferred directly to the H10 Marina hotel. The hotel Maria is modern, clean and very comfortable, We were told that the hotel had been completed earlier in the year. We were fortunate to be staying on the top floor, which gave us views of the sea the city and the countryside. The room was perfect, very spacious, comfortable and clean. The bathroom was nicely finished in marble and had everything you could need for a short stay. The hotel is in my opinion, located in a great area. It is just a few minutes walking distance to two metro stations and the marina area where there are plenty of restaurants and clubs. The only down side was the fact that the area around the hotel is being developed, with that in mind I will say that there was no noise form the neighbouring building sites. The hotel is only a stones throw away from what was once the Olympic Village , it is also within walking distance of the Blue Tourist bus route which was a god send for my wife and I, not having been to Barcelona before we did both the Blue and the Red routes the first day we arrived, then on the second using our two day bus pass we travelled back to the sights we wanted to take a closer look at, and were not disappointed. The hotel breakfast was really good and had a wide selection of items to choose from, fruit juice, yoghurt, fresh fruit, cereals, eggs bacon through to croissants all served with tea or coffee. Unfortunately there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room which we could have done with, you know what it s like when you just want to sit down with a nice cup of tea and your feet up. There is a small wine bar from which you can participate in tastings, there is also a bar in the main lobby where you can have a drink before going out on the town. On the roof there is also a small but nice pool, the hotel also boasts a health centre which, costs approximately $10 Euros a day to use. All of the staff were friendly and helpful, from the moment we arrived right up to when we left, they all spoke very good English (apart from the porter, he struggled a bit) A most enjoyable stay in an ideal location, it could not have suited us better, just a little way from the main attractions of the city. I will definitely be returning to Barcelona as soon as possible.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel fit for a king We have just come back from the h10 marina hotel and what can i say it was fantastic! the lobby was a very clean marble flooring. The reception staff couldnt be friendly and spoke brilliant english. We was in room 728 (so quite high up) the room is so modern it offers alot of space and has a fresh touch to the room. The food was excellent for an al la carte menu it cost $25 EUROS Everything was perfect couldnt ask for anything more. The marina metro is only a 5 minute walk. On the first day we was a bit aprehensive of useing the metro but after looking at the map it is easy to follow and i dont think there is a better way of trveliing over there as it only two stops to catalunya. we visited the football stadium and had a tour we also went to sagrada familia ( sorry if i have spelt it wrong!) that is so beautifull! Barcelona is brilliant for shopping i wouldnt recommend it for anybody who wants a rest! it took us 4 hours to find Gucci! I would definalty stay at any h10 hotel again!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H6/10  November 3rd to 7th 2003. Having read earlier reviews after booking I was slightly apprehensive. However I found the reception staff to be very helpful and the room was comfortable, clean and well-serviced. The buffet breakfast was superb and dinner was excellent. The location wasn't a problem and taxi drivers have got to know it. Heading for the city centre I didn't have a problem with a 5 minute walk to the 'Marina' metro station from where it was 3 quick stops to Placa Catalunya. On the minus side - the shower head didn't fit the holder; the aircon didn't work and the grille rattled even when it was off; the bar staff couldn't manage a smile; the windows were filthy, marring the view; there was a shortage of information on places of interest and how to get around - could have saved a few visits to the tourist information centre in the city. It's a pity that a collection of fairly minor complaints can add up and leave a slightly unfavourable memory.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel!!   showReview(1395303, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1383388, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - Poor Location   showReview(1370229, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked it!   showReview(1341915, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad-celona   showReview(1278558, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>charliebrownsnoopy
<Content>Too far   showReview(1271077, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horray for the H10 marina Hotel!   showReview(1260973, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seashellsxm
<Content>Glorified B    showReview(1258752, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redfern
<Content>Very Disappointing   showReview(1235658, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1189953, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liberte60
<Content>Mauvaise exp茅rience   showReview(22109596, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	4	2	4	

<Author>fanouGrenoble
<Content>Bien mais peut mieux faire   showReview(18073148, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapport qualit脿/prezzo,ottima ubicazione in barcellona   showReview(18526125, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17438203, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bellissimo e pulito...la...   showReview(17965454, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entt盲uscht!   showReview(17438202, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Si l'h么tel nous propose de nouveau ces tarifs, nous y retournons!   showReview(16591588, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16591587, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo, pulito...   showReview(16726133, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto veramente ok   showReview(16725779, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gern   showReview(14731899, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Arriv茅 tot dans la matin茅...   showReview(14251687, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto buono   showReview(13197266, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽ue par le manque d'insonorisation des chambres   showReview(13197264, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes hotel mit perfekter lage zum erkunden der stadt   showReview(11665364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儷銉笺儎銇熴仯銇枫倞   showReview(19161472, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇柍銆併儧銉嗐儷鑷綋銇棊   showReview(19161212, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tips
<Content>Moderno, agradable, perfecto   showReview(7489725, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo per la posizione a 5...   showReview(11417148, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne Wieder buchen   showReview(11359172, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel moderne, design, classe - Id茅alement situ茅 entre centre ville et plages...   showReview(11338606, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel distante dal centro,ma...   showReview(11417150, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo rimasti stupiti dalla...   showReview(11417151, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel,bien situ茅,m茅tro...   showReview(11417152, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Literie tr茅s dure mauvaise...   showReview(11417153, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel, restaurant 脿...   showReview(11417154, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>MI SONO TROVATA BENE NEL VOSTRO...   showReview(11417155, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

