<Author>Walby
<Content>Great Hotel Near Most everything without the Price Gouging I stayed here with a friend of mine while in town for an NFL Football game. We didn't have a car the entire 4 days we were there! Never needed it. From the hotel you can walk virtually everywhere including the French Quarter. The hotel is actually in the Warehouse District, and if you look around the lobby, you can tell it was an actual warehouse at one point.  The location was great, the only downfall was the last night we really wanted to sleep and the bars/ clubs along the street were open until 4am and you can hear the thumping of their music. Keep this in mind if you need your rest while staying here. Otherwise, the place was clean, service was great, and the price was outstanding at a mere $85 a night for 2 of the 3 nights we were there. It also had a pretty decent FREE and HOT breakfast buffet with all the usual breakfast fare. Take advantage of this before leaving for the day! All in all, a great place to stay!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WATrvlr
<Content>Beware of Parking The hotel disloses that parking is limited and based on first come, first served. Ok, no problem. We checked in at noon and were told the same policy. When we came back to the front desk later in the day, again the agent reiterated first come, first served. When I dug deeper I was told that you have to keep coming back to see if something has opened up. Apparently it's not first come, first served after all. They were wholly uncaring and unapologetic about the whole situation. The room was clean but tiny. Two of us felt cramped in the king-bedded suite. The outdoor pool was mostly drained so we couldn't use that. I was not aware of that before checking in.The neighborhood is questionable at best. I'd be nervous walking around oudoors at night.Based on the lack of parking and the staff's uncaring attitude I would definitely not stay here again. There are way too many other options in New Orleans. In fact, we checked out early after the first night and moved to another hotel for an additional $30 per night.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>meshia1124
<Content>I agree w/Review by CaliforniaGuy..... I only ranked this a 1 star cause they dont give you the option of rating it a ZERO. I have to agree with the review I read of ACaliforniaGuy (Nov 2007) - This hotel is a Ghetto-HAVEN. I absolutely HATED it. We stayed here 4th of July wknd, thankfully for only ONE night.... it's rated #60 of 154 hotels in New Orleans for a reason.... its dirty.... trashy, and the front desk that I encountered wasn't friendly. No... let me rephrase that...the initial person we encountered wasn't friendly, which DIDN'T go well for a 1st impression. I should've known THEN that the rest of the hotel would be crap. If you read my other reviews, you'll see I'm typically not a picky person, and my complaints, if any, are minor..... I'm typically easygoing about rooms and whatnot, but I simply hated EVERY single aspect of this filthy hotel. Walls THIN. Only a HALF-CURTAIN in our room, so btwn the thin walls and the sun blaring in at a certain time of morning, dont expect much sleep. Upon checking out that next morning, I saw that there were empty potato chip bags in the floor, no one keeps this hotel clean. The trash can by the elevator reeked of spoiled and old food, and was overflowing. NOT only that, someone had sat one of their empty shopping bags beside it to act as 2nd hall-garbage...which, by the way was ALSO already full!!!!!!!!Ugh! I am glad that was on my way out to checkout.... thank goodness I didn't stay longer than that - and they throw in the fact that there's a complimentary breakfast, but the fact that the rest of the hotel is so DIRTY, who the heck would wanna eat there????? I usually am willing to give a hotel a 2nd try but I will have to say NEVER NEVER NEVER will I stay at this particular one again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jcdato
<Content>Perfect for Mardi Gras Uptown/St. Charles Route! Springhill Suites is perfect for people needing extra space, for people cruising out of New Orleans, and for people celebrating Mardi Gras Uptown along the St. Charles parade route.The location and space could not be beat for our needs. The decor is nice and new. The beds are extremely comfortable! This establishment is very well-maintained with a large breakfast/conversation area. Parking onsite is convenient and the pool area is nice.On top of all of it is the staff...always...always friendly and extremely helpful! GREAT experience!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CHAOSINORDER
<Content>Great for the money, decent location, very nice suite! While attending the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans, LA we stayed here for 2 nights and it was a great experience. The staff was kind and very helpful by allowing us to check in early. Breakfast was served everymorning and it was a decent complimentary breakfast. It's less than 2 blocks from the Convention Center and it was in an easy to find location. There was no traffic on that side for the most part, so we were able to get a cab and go to the Dome for the concerts. It is a little farther from the French Quarter and Casino than i would have liked, but we were close to the riverwalk area and also i wish there had been some restaurants close by. But on a positive note, the suite itself was perfect for our small trio! Wish i could stay there again!! It was more than expected!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ACaliforniaGuy
<Content>Beware - Substandard housekeeping policy! I usually have done well by reading the reviews on this site prior to booking a hotel - unfortunately not this time and I was there for 5 nights. I tried to change hotels during my stay but the convention center meeting had taken almost all other hotels. Look out for this place - here are a few of many reasons: 1. Their light touch housekeeping policy, which you won't find out about until after you've checked in. This means that once you're checked in, the only houskeeping you'll get is to have your bed made without changing sheets, used towel replaced and the wastebasket emptied on weekdays only. No clean sheets, no vacuuming, etc. On weekends there is nothing! I discussed this policy with the front desk and pointed out that the initial room rate included (I hope) clean sheets and a full room cleaning but this policy meant they were providing less service without decreasing the room rate. The response I got was Well, we're not a full service hotel - and we're not treating you unfairly, nobody gets clean sheets. Had I known, I never would have booked there. 2. Other glaring deficiencies - no facial tissues at all, only one small wastebasket, only a few cheap plastic hangers in the closet and some were broken, rough toilet paper, bathroom wall had a large crack through the tile from its top down to the tub, etc. 3. Upon my arrival at 5PM, I was told my room wasn't ready because Some people from housekeeping decided they didn't want to work here anymore. and I could wait in the lobby. Excuse me - management's problems belong to them, not to the guests. 4. The 2 chairs and the couch in the lobby were so tired looking and their arms were so slick with dirt that I couldn't bring myself to even drape my sportcoat over one and decided to walk around outside instead. 6. Upon check out on Tuesday, 8:00 AM, no one was at the front desk - only the 'chief engineer' fixing something. He said he didn't know how to do check out but They'll be right back. One half hour later, no one back yet and he felt so bad he said I'll try, I don't know where they are. 7. The 'pool' was closed for construction - but the only way to find out was to ask. Never a Sorry for the inconvenience.  Lest you think all was negative - here's the positive I could find: there was a hairdryer in the room and an iron and ironing board in the closet - I know the hairdryer worked, didn't try the iron.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Schotzy
<Content>Just right! I stayed here for three nights for a convention being held at the convention center, which is just two blocks away. The location was perfect. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. The room was clean and so quiet--just right for me. The weather during my stay was cool and breezy so I could not understand the freezing cold blasting from the AC vents throughout the hotel, but my in-room thermostat reacted quickly to my adjustments. I like having a refrigerator and microwave in the room, and I was prepared to purchase coffee of my own at Starbucks to use in the coffeemaker, but the Starbucks located a block away inside the Marriott would not grind a quarter of a pound for me, nor would the Starbucks in the Sheraton a short walk from there. Go figure. Anyway, the free breakfast is well-stocked and their coffee was good. I walked to the French Quarter for dinner with friends--everything was close by.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barracuda30
<Content>Excellent place to stay I stayed at the SpringHill Suites (a Marriott property) from 11-17 October. It is an excellent location if you are attending any event at the Convention Center, which like the River Walk is only a couple of blocks away. Service was excellent, and breakfast was provided daily. The rooms were clean, and housekeeping came to the rooms on a daily basis. It's a pretty healthy walk to Harrah's, Canal Street (shopping, souvenirs, other hotels, restaurants) and to Bourbon Street (probably a good 10-15 minute hike), but other than that I was quite pleased. Parking is expensive ($15/day), but parking tickets are more expensive, so it depends how far you want to look around. A word about Harrah's - NOT A GOOD PLACE TO GAMBLE. Harrah's is the only land-based casino allowed in New Orleans by law. They won the bid, so they have no other competition in the area and they know it. They don't have to loosen their slots or care whether you win or not. Riverboat casinos are not even allowed to dock at the nearby River Walk. Don't waste your time and throw away your money gambling at Harrah's New Orleans. I suggest the Treasure Chest, a smaller floating casino located outside New Orleans. Otherwise, go to Las Vegas or better yet, give the money to charity. Harrah's is OK to eat at, however, and they have good breakfasts. I don't recommend the local MacDonald's on Canal Street either. As the cheapest place to eat in town, they also get a lot of derelicts, street people, and unsavory characters in there. Overall, Marriott SpringHill Suites was Excellent.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Very Clean, a bit far from the quarter, Good for the price I stayed here during Mardi Gras due the the good rate I got and the room could sleep 6 people. The room was a bit cramped for space, but the kitchen area was nice. Hotel and rooms were very clean. Bathroom was small, but the vanity area was separate from the bathroom which made it roomier. The hotel staff was not helpful when asking them Anything. Be sure and get there by 9:45 if you want breakfast. And hope the parking garage is not full or they will be sending you to some crazy area to park that costs more. It's the perfect location if you are going to the convention center. The Riverwalk Mall and Harrah's are only a few blocks. The quarter (ie Bourbon St) is a long 10 or so blocks. The hotel is clean and updated, but if you are looking for service you probably should go elsewhere. I felt completely safe in the area.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>coliseum
<Content>Nice rooms, not so nice service Our room was nice and very clean.It was on the ground floor and the window faced the sidewalk, something I had never had at a hotel before. It wasn't a problem, just different. Check in was fast and easy, which I really appreciated after a long trip and at a late hour. The beds were very comfortable and the decor was nice.We did have some problems. I was travelling with three children and one other adult and the children were geared up to go swimming. I called the local number of the hotel before making reservations so confirm that their outdoor pool was heated. When we went to the pool (all dressed in swimsuits and the kids with their goggles) we were horrified to find that the pool was freezing! We decided to try the hot tub hoping that would satisfy the need for swimming. That turned out to be lukewarm and there were wet towels lying around the deck. When I turned on the jets, water started overflowing out the door and into the carpeted halls! We called maintenance and all that happened was a closed sign was put on the door. I asked about the pool and was told that the heater must be broken. (No kidding!)Another problem we had was that there was a women staying in the room next to us that had about EIGHT kids staying with her. It sounded like they were having a party in there. As it approached midnight with no signs of letting up, it took 2 calls to the front desk to get some relief from the noise, which included what sounded like kids literally bouncing off the walls.On the plus side, the parking garage is very nice and safe, and we never had to park more than 40 feet from the hotel entrance.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gradtraveler
<Content>Comfortable, clean  Had quite a nice 4nt stay at Springhill Suites. The rooms are large, very similar to AmeriSuites I've been to, with seperate sitting room, two TVs, desk, etc. Nice linens, comfortable beds  ample A/C. Only about 2-5min walk from the Convention Center. Approx 15min walk from the French Quarter -- 20-30min walk in the opposite direction to the Garden District. Only a 10min walk to the Aquarium  Riverwalk. The hotel staff was nice  accomidating, and tried to anticipate your needs before you asked. Breakfast (6-9am) was good, only so-so coffee, but lots of food choices  well stocked. Fairly safe area for a large city, although I wouldn't go out alone at night, but with just one other person I felt perfectly fine strolling around at night. Free internet worked well (connection cable in the closet). Only downside was that only the sheer current  not the heavy drapes went completely across the windows so you couldn't block out all the light.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>MetaCat56
<Content>I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again What I liked best: first class service, room was always -- always! -- made up on time and clean; everything always worked; breakfast has something for everyone (the only place in the convention center/French Quarter area where I found lowfat yogurt); staff not only friendly but downright cheerful. Good for both convention goers and families who don't want to be around the noisy-at-night French Quarter. I'll be back in N.O., and this will be at the top of my choice of hotels.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OhioTraveler62
<Content>Great hotel for convention business My husband and I stayed at the Sprinhill Suites June 22-25, 2006, while attending a convention, which was the largest one held in New Orleans since hurricane Katrina. Our king suite was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The free high-speed Internet access worked great. The bathroom with commode and tub/shower was roomy and having the sink in a separate area outside was nice. The king bed just fit in the space available for it in our room but we had no problems. The sitting area, work area, and kitchen area were comparable in layout and size to other Springhill Suites where I have stayed. The staff could not have been more accommodating and friendly. My husband wanted to rent a bicycle for a couple of days and they located a rental place near the French Quarter. They also stored the bike for him overnight. The hotel has a small outdoor pool in a nice courtyard setting. We did not use the pool but had a pool view from our room and saw others using it. The expanded continental breakfast was convenient. They probably could have used another person preparing food to handle the convention rush, but when they ran out of prepared fresh fruit, they fixed more right away upon our request. We were a bit apprehensive traveling to New Orleans, not knowing what to expect in terms of hurricane recovery but fount the Springhill Suites, the convention center, and other hotels did a fine job of handling our conference. We walked to the French Quarter every evening for dinner and found the city very walkable as usual. We used the local airport van service to and from our hotel, having made advance reservations though our conference web site and had no problems with transportation. We would certainly stay at this hotel again and recommend it for anyone attending a conference at the convention center.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GardenTime
<Content>Springhill Suites clean, comfortable,  For a budget hotel, the Springhill Suites across the New Orleans Convention Center, was an excellent choice. The staff was extremely friendly and very efficient. The room was clean, sheets  pillows were nice, and beds were comfortable. The air conditioning was very comfortable and the shower was never cold. A satisfying breakfast was available every morning. You had your choice of waffles (pre-measured batter), egg  sausage patties, cold  hot cereals, yogurt, a variety of sweet rolls, muffins, English muffins, and sliced bread. A fruit basket was always available. Juice  coffee were plentiful. For folks attending a convention in New Orleans it is an excellent location as you can return to your room during the day if you wish. The only drawback to this is that you have to cab back to the hotel if you are going to be out late in the French Quarter. My roomate and I walked back from the French Quarter together on 2 occasions, about 8:30--9pm and felt quite safe. I'm a very light sleeper and I heard a siren only one night. Very little street noises. Mulates (the Cajun restaurant) is about 1-1/2 blocks away. We had a great meal there. I was very pleased with the service we received and would recommend the Springhill Suites, New Orleans (even if you aren't on a budget!).  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mizinformation
<Content>lots of amenities, friendly staff Stayed here for the first big convention back in NOLA after Katrina (American Library Assn.) While the hotel could use a little freshening up (some stains on carpet, etc.) the super-friendly staff and multiple amenities more than made up for a few cosmetic issues. Friends who stayed elsewhere were jealous of our refrigerator and microwave, free internet, free breakfast and convenient (to the convention center) location. If you're the type of traveller who spends most of the day out and about, likes to be able to pick up some sodas, fruit, etc. at a (cheaper) drug or grocery store or take home a restaurant doggie bag, and feels lost without a place to plug in your laptop this is a good choice. This could also be a good budget choice since the rooms will sleep up to 5 (but you'd better like each other!) The only thing that might ruin your stay here--it was easy to hear noise from other rooms and the hallways. It wasn't a problem for our stay (the hotel was full of librarians and though we're not always quiet we're mostly courteous) but a loud and rowdy group above or next door could keep you awake all night.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>close to convention center The hotel is perfect if you are going to the Morial Convention Center. It is quiet and is comfortable. I did not rely of the staff for directions but if want to walk to the French Quarter area wear a comfortable pair of shoes, its at least 15 - 20 minutes away and the heat may be irritating during the early evening - better yet take the cab (~ 10 w/ tip). I would stay there again. I recommend it for families.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Peliroja
<Content>average at best Very, very average...would try someplace else next time. Pool far too small, but very clean. Indoor jacuzzi. Very cheap foam mattresses. Okay for families, or those looking for budget lodgings. Not nearly so fantastic as other reviewers have reported.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay for Christmas This hotel is awesome! We were a little scared at first b/c it was in the warehouse district and while we were driving through the street leading up to it, it looked a little sketchy. But it was like a little haven. The front desk clerks were always very helpful and happy. The same girl was there for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and she was as cheerful as ever. THe rooms were adorable, neatly set up and very clean. We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>friendly staff My family stayed in the Springhill Suites while my husband attended a conference. We chose this hotel based on the recommendations of the reviews, and we weren't disappointed. Easy walk to everything, nice room and friendly staff. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My whole family stayed at Springhill Suites New Orleans Hotel for MARDI GRAS and we had a fantastic time! Great staff, very accomodating, clean rooms, great pool and exercise room. Close to parades and small walk to french quarter. Continental breakfast was fantastic; kept two teenage boys busy in the morning and gave us one free meal. I would stay here again anytime. Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>six9klassic
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We stayed at the Springhill Suites during the Essence Festival July 2-5, 2004. Nice staff, clean hotel. Requested an early check in, arrived at 9:00 a.m. and was able to go to our room (WHAT A PLUS) check in is at 3 p.m.. ($179 pn, 2 queen bed suite, with sleep sofa for 6 adult women) Very Nice complimentary breakfast from grits, sausage, waffles, to bagels, danishes, cereal and milk and juices. GREAT LOCATION! 3 minute walk to the convention center. 10 minute walk to Harrah's Casino and Canal St. About 15 min walk to Bourbon St. No problem parking at the hotel, everything you would expect from the Marriott Chain of hotels. Clean hotel, did not use the pool, but it appeared very clean. Friendly staff, not always as knowledgeble as I would like, for instance, I was looking for a restaurant close by for a light snack, desk clerk did not ask questions and just sent me to some restaurant about 10 min away, later that evening when I looked at a map that I had taken, there was a restaurant 1 block from the hotel, in the opposite direction of where I was sent. SO, needless to say, I used the map the rest of the weekend. Easy to get around the downtown area of NO with a map; VERY EASY to drive to the superdome(no need for a taxi, but if you need to take one, it is $4 pp) take a left out of parking garage, then left at first street make a left and this will take you to the Superdome for the concerts and traffic was not an issue. Will DEFINITELY use this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mel&danAlberta
<Content>Nice hotel!!! We stayed here for one night before leaving on our cruise. Price was great, $89 for five of us, they gave us a large room with two queen beds and a sofa bed. Hot breakfast provided. If your luggage is on wheels you can walk to the cruise terminal, we did and it's a bit of work but not too bad. The only problem we ran into was that someone had folded the old bedding up in the sofa bed. We called and they fixed up a fresh bed right away so that was okay. All in all we had a pleasant stay here and I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazyAustin
<Content>Awesome hotel We stayed at the Springhill Suites New Orleans during the Memorial Day 2003 weekend. I thought the hotel was beautiful. The lobby has extremely high vaulted ceilings, the look is an ultramodern feel but with exposed brick interior walls from the old warehouse that was renevated. The rooms are brand new and modern, with the typically high ceilings found in Springhill Suites rooms. The pool is a little small, but we didn't do much swimming anyway.There are several restaurants nearby, as is Julia Street with cool art galleries. We even went to a glass making studio and that was quite interesting. For nightlife, the Metro is just down the street and is a giant renovated warehouse playing mainly dance music. The D-Day museum is right around the corner.The Riverwalk is around 3 blocks away, as is the Riverfront streetcar that can take you to the French Quarter quickly.A small grocery store on the corner of Julia and Convention Center Blvd. is handy if you need some bathroom things at night.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, unbeatable location I had a wonderful 6-night stay here. The location in the heart of the chic, artsy and youthful Warehouse District can't be topped. Close enough to walk to the French Quarter, but far enough away to have a civilized stroll among beautifully renovated historic buildings with shops, restaurants, bars, galleries, and nightclubs on the ground floor and swank-looking loft condos above. Extremely close to the convention center and casino too. The best museums in New Orleans: the National D-Day Museum, the Ogden Museum for Southern Art, the Childrens Museum, and the Aquarium of the Americas, are nestled in the neighborhood right around the SpringHill Suites, so its a perfect location for both adults and kids!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TDKeyes
<Content>Pleasant Stay During Jazz Fest Stayed three nights, Thursday-Sunday the first weekend of Jazz Fest. Was a featured Expedia property with special rates? Reasonable ($380 total) compared to most properties for festival period. Room felt near new, clean, and spacious with King bed, fridge, microwave, and coffee maker. Reasonably soundproof, had children next door and seldom heard anything. Desk staff very pleasant, helpful with room cleaned every day.Observed on the same block there were other Marriott properties, Residence Inn and Courtyard. Couple blocks from either Riverwalk shopping and convention center, the shuttle to casino a block away. $8 cab ride to center of Quarter, otherwise 20 minute walk.Couple restaurants within blocks, but always ate in the Quarter. Welcome after those late nights out were the free hot scrambled egg or sausage  continental breakfast served till about 10am. Had friends staying in the quarter at a quest house ($225/nite); was happy to return to my much quieter, larger room after late night out.  
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Stay and a nice hotel! My family and I stayed there last weekend and we had a great time. The rooms are clean and seem new. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

