<Author>OC_Lori
<Content>Great location and service We stayed 4 nights at the Renaissance as we wanted a hotel within a short walk of Downtown Seattle and most of the tourist attractions seeing as we didn't plan to rent a car.We got an excellent deal through Expedia, which really reduced the cost of the hotel.I can't fault the hotel at all. The public areas were nicely decorated, the bar on the top floor had an excellent view and a good happy hour, the fitness suite had top-notch equipment and was usually deserted, and our room was a good size and very nicely decorated.Staff were all extremely helpful too.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FritzSFO
<Content>Great hotel, beware of 27th floor I lived in Seattle for many years and recently relocated away from this great city. I took a trip back to catch up with friends and see some local theater. I was able to secure a great rate at the Madison and had heard good things about the hotel from friends who had stayed in the past. The hotel is currently undergoing the massive renovation to the rooms. If you stay here be sure to request a renovated room. The hotel sits right on the freeway, so rooms on the East side of the building can be a little noisy especially down lower. I was thrilled to get a room on the 27th floor looking to the south UNTIL the earthquake started - or what I first thought was an earthquake. It turns out that the hotel health club is on the 28th floor and when someone decides to run on a treadmill it literally shakes the rooms below. This wouldn't be so bad, but they open the health club at 5AM and apparently there are some health fanatics out there that think a run at 5AM is a good idea. For those of us who prefer to sleep in on weekends this makes for a very unwelcome wake-up call. I don't know what the hotel management is thinking, putting the health club above guest rooms when the building clearly isn't insulated well enough to prevent this unpleasant intrusion AND opening the health club at 5AM. Granted this only creates an issue for a small percentage of rooms, but it's unpleasant if you end up in one of these rooms.Otherwise I liked the hotel very much. James at the concierge desk was extremely helpful helping even this jaded ex-Seattlite find new restaurants, fun places to explore as a tourist and shopping deals. He truly has his finger on the pulse of Seattle!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TuttoBene
<Content>Great Business and Pleasure This is my second stay in as many weeks. The first week, I was placed in a corner suite on the club floor. This review lost one star because the layout of the room was too closed in and not very comfortable to be in. The room had a small living area with a desk, large LCD TV, and a couch. The bedroom had a great view of the city, but small, and the bathroom was newly renovated. The layout of the room made you feel crammed.My second stay was in a normal king room on the club floor. This room was excellent! It was newly renovated, nice furniture, great linens, awesome view and plenty of room to roam around. This hotel is great for Marriott Reward Members. The club floor had breakfast, snacks during the day, a light evening dinner and desserts.The lounge on the 28th floor has an amazing view of the city along with a great happy hour!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>glebo
<Content>what a view - great staff - great hotel       view from the room  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Abazaba
<Content>Great place for Marriott Rewards members       sleeping area  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jorge/Sara
<Content>Happy with Hotel My family (husband, toddler and myself) stayed here for a week while we were house hunting in Seattle. The room was located on the 23rd floor, view of the Space Needle (not facing I-5 or the water). We felt we were lucky to be in an already renovated room. My sister and her family spent one night on the 18th floor in a half-way renovated room. The bathroom still needed updating so it was very very old. So make sure you ask for a renovated room. I-5 was still a little noisy but we could sleep through it. Heating/cooling system was loud, so we kept it off during the night.Hotel staff was very helpful and pleasant, no matter what the hour. Hotel food was good.The hotel is located a bit away from Westlake, Pike's Place, waterfront. But we got use to walking up and down the hills, wasn't that bad for us. And yes, there's a Starbucks on every corner. A nice local market was located up the steet two blocks, quick walk. They have a Bank of America ATM inside.Overall, we were pretty happy with the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>angel_esq
<Content>If you鈥檙e in Seattle to view the city, it鈥檚 a great hotel       Didnt think to take more pixs of hotel....i will from now on.....  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wucie
<Content>Good place to stay We stayed two nights here at the end of August 2008. First impressions weren't great (the building itself looks a little long in the tooth, it's beside the main highway and the lobby is dated), but the room was large and clean, as was the bathroom. The hotel's location wasn't bad either, within easy walking distance of most downtown attractions, though the steep hill on its doorstep is tough to negotiate after an evening meal! Speaking of food, the breakfast--especially the pancakes--was good. The staff were very friendly and helpful and even offered to store our bag for three weeks while we were in Alaska.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>kelbelle37
<Content>Worst Marriott (other than Kansas City Res. Inn) I've stayed in The hotel lobby is nice, but the rooms are small and dirty. I'm an Elite Member and booked a room using my rewards. We were put on the 14th floor with a view of a construction project across the street. The bathroom really needed tile work and a good cleanser. Bathroom products were not high end unless you think Suave is pricey. Some staff were completely clueless. My husband and I checked in around 4:00 and departed for dinner around 5:30. We returned around 7:30 and found a strange note and antique looking computer speakers on our bar (no there are no liqueurs or fridge). I read the note (not realizing the speakers were what they were) and thought someone from the staff brought us a sound machine to help us sleep (since the Courtyard where I stay often for business travel provides a sleep mask, sound machine, chocolates, and teddy bear all at no cost!), but I soon realized it was a note meant for someone else. I called the front desk to let them know the mistake and I had to explain a dozen different ways for the girl to understand what I was saying, although I highly doubt she had a clue after all since she sent two security guards to our room and they took the note and speakers from my husband as if they were going to detonate! Overall the place was a dump with unprofessional (and unintelligent) staff. If I would have paid for the room or I would have needed to stay longer than one night, I would have complained and found other accomodations.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>all8
<Content>Not cheap...but nice Stayed here for two nights this past weekend as we were in town for the Yankess/Mariners series. First off, the location is great if you`re going to any games at Safeco or QWest Field. We walked to the ballpark every day and it`s maybe a 15 minute walk. Be warned, it`s uphill on the way back, but that`s why they have cabs. We actually walked down to the piers after the games and had dinner and drinks, so we were definitely cabbing it back to the hotel, cab ride ran about $10 with tip. The hotel was probably built in the `70s but it was still nice. Got a room with two double beds that were really comfortable, I slept great! The room had a nice flatscreen tv on a swivel stand. Bathroom was clean, they had complimentary high end toiletries. Shower could`ve had better water pressure, but no big deal. We were on the 22nd floor and I requested a room facing the water, quiet as a churchmouse all night, never heard any street traffic. And WOW, what a view....Elliott Bay, the two ballparks, high rises all around us! My sister and her family got a corner room for $20 more a night ($249) and they had same view as us plus views of the Space Needle and the Seattle Center. $229 a night is a little expensive but hey, you are in downtown Seattle. You are within walking distance or a short cab away from a lot of great things. Parking is $26 per day but if you`re a Marriott Rewards member, they`ll waive it, which I thought was great. When the Yankees come to town in `09 I`ll definitely be staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Emme_world
<Content>ok for what we paid it was okay since we got this from priceline. walls are thin since the neighbors next to us complained about the noise our kids were making (and they weren't making that much noise - we have never gotten complaints before). we did go the weekend of bumpershoot so probably not people with kids. a lot of construction going on at the hotel and a new building will be going up nearby soon. view from the pool is awesome. rooms are clean and new. no free internet but easy to pick up other networks. staff was a little stuffy. we asked a few questions about parking and then checked out. the person we asked about parking made a point to make sure the person checking us out had us charged for parking. oh - parking is $30 per night and is about the only option if you have a car. car is not necessary but helpful since most sites are several block walk, but hotel is 2 blocks from the bus lines that are in the free zone.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Not bad. Location could be better       Corner room overlooking freeway  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	5	3	2	

<Author>Mikalarose
<Content>Love the location and customer service I've stayed at the Renaissance for business at least thirty times over the past two years and have had overwhelmingly good experiences. The location is within easy walking distance of downtown Seattle, including Pike's Place Market, the shopping district around Nordstrom's and tons of restaurants.The staff members are friendly and begin to recognize me quickly. The rooms are clean and the beds are really comfortable.The hotel is generally pretty quiet but I recommend asking for a room facing away from the highway because it can be a bit noisy on the lower levels.My only complaint is around parking. The streets around the hotel are all one way and the hotel parking garage is underground with a really narrow winding drive where you drive in the left hand lane. It can be a bit frustrating to get to the parking ramp and then a little harrowing driving up or down it as drivers from the opposite direction tend to drift into your lane while turning corners.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>chemicalphil
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I was on the west coast for business and had my wife fly out to Seattle for the weekend. At the last moment I decided that to stay out by Sea-tac where my company travel person had booked me would be crazy if we wanted to do touristy stuff so I went on Priceline, bid really low and had it accepted by this property.After I read the reviews here, I was worried that I was going to be in a bit of a dump but was very pleasantly surprised. I called and asked for a king room on the opposite side from the highway. The staff were very helpful, honored my request and allowed us to check in before noon at no extra cost.The room was one of the nicest I have stayed in for a long time. It was decorated in what I now call thew Zen style with lots of wood and a huge flat TV which we never did turn on. Towels were large and high quality and the bed and pillows were very comfortable.This is not the place to stay if you don't like walking. We do so it was not a problem for us. You can walk straight down Madison to the ferry but it is a steep climb back up. To go to other sites, cut across on 5th Avenue. The gradient is gradual all the way to Seattle Center. Just go down any of the cross streets to get to your destination.I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dandave
<Content>Clean average but not central Clean average hotel getting a little dated.It is unfortunately not central for city tourists being quite distant from shops restaurants and the sea front attractions.Functional and no complaints about staff or service.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>eadgawetrgeg
<Content>Good for priceline, but I wouldn't book it on it's own. I booked this hotel through Priceline and was worried when I saw all of the reviews here. I wouldn't spend $250 a night here but for a Priceline hotel this is pretty good. We had one of the newly renovated rooms and we asked to face away from the freeway. It was fine.The Good:-- the staff were very friendly-- the room was fine, big enough for the two of us, newer furniture and flat screen TV-- it's within walking distance of everywhere you'd want to go in downtown SeattleThe Bad:-- it's pricey if you don't use Priceline-- the door to the bathroom didn't close quite right but we didn't mind and we didn't report it until we left  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Happy06Iowa
<Content>Not an ideal location for exploring Seattle The room was nice but the location wasn't the best. It was right next to the freeway so you had the constant noise of traffic since our room was on that side of the building. Next time we are in Seattle we will book something a little closer to all of the sights. It was quite a walk to go to the Space Needle and Pike Place Market (which was down a very steep hill). Our room was very clean and comfortable. Parking is pretty expensive so be prepared for that. Not a lot of restaruants are within walking distance of the hotel which is bad if you do not have a car.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>plechadores
<Content>Newly Renovated - Still looks very outdated and dirty.         
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Nett0
<Content>Wouldn't go back I had a very disappointing experience at this hotel. The room faced the highway and if I looked out the window I could view either traffic jams or a construction project. Traffic noise could only be drowned out if you kept the room fan on. What was more disappointing, however, was the quality of the room and services. The furniture was shoddy and worn. On my second day there the hotel had run out of caffeinated coffee packets with which to make coffee in the room. Running out of coffee in Seattle??? While coffee was brought up to my room on the successive three days I was there, I had to ask for it each time. On my last evening, I specifically asked for coffee to be brought to the room and did not want a wake up call. Well--I got the wake up call before 6am (!) and no coffee. I certainly won't go back.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>wanderlust55416
<Content>Loved it!! The staff is great. The updated rooms are superb. The bathrooms have heated mirrors which is very helpful. WiFi is only free in the lobby. In room is $12 a day. Everything is within walking distance Pike St. - Pioneer Sq. - Westlake Center, just don't go directly straight up because it's a hike. It's best to walk up to 6th and then over from Pike St. If you have a rental car it's ridiculously easy to get there, here it is take I-5 north. When you this your getting close to downtown start moving to the right lane and take the Madison exit (it's kinda long). At the stoplight look to your left and that's the Renaissance. Will definitly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>qsmom
<Content>Ok We stayed at this Hotel the 1st of June. There was a group of us so we were all over this Hotel. It seems that some of the rooms on the upper floors have been remolded with new furniture, flat screen, etc. Our room on the 9th floor had not been. Lots of noise! We were facing the Highway and it was very noisy. However other people in our party stayed on the upper floors facing the back of the Hotel and didn't have problems with the noise. The room was nice enough. Not great but not bad. I did have one really disgusting problem. I drank out of one of there glasses in the room that are furnished. I had lipstick on and when I left the room later on that morning the maid came and washed the glasses in the room and let me say not with soap! My lipstick was still on the glass! I had seen stuff like this on 60 mininutes and never thought about it again, until now! So from then on I drank only out of there disposable cups. Everyone that worked here especially the Concierge were really nice and helpful. When you arrive they will give you a map of the city. The yellow part of the map show's where the bus rides are free in a large area of downtown. I felt pretty safe during the day. I walked all over downtown and took the bus several time's. (People are really great if you have bus questions). At night we didn't walk around at all! And were told not to be several of the local people. All in all its an ok hotel. Probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>drjeff
<Content>Nice views We stayed here on a recent vist to Seattle because they took our Marriott Any Time certificate which I received for credit card miles. It came with free breakfast for 2 which the waiter extended into a full breakfast for 3. I think what makes this hotel stand out is the staff. They were all very friendly and accommodating and this made our stay. The room we had was large and well ventilated away from I-5. The roof level pool had great vistas of Seattle. The palce was very clean. The only drawbacks were the off center location and the colorless lobby. For us it was a good deal. For full price try for a more close in location. However it should be noted the hotel sits right on the free dwtown bus loop so that makes getting anywhere downtown easy  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdterp
<Content>Upgrade Already Outdated When we arrived we were given a junior suite because of our Marriott Silver Status. The upgraded room was a joke. Switches were broken, the linens were old, the bed sagged, the LCD TV was sitting on the radiator so you could not see it while in bed. In addition it was nearly impossible to move around the king size bed because there was no walking room. We had a room away from the highway but the road noise was still very bad. My wife didnot sleep a wink all night. In the morning we canceled the last 2 days of our reservation and moved to the TownePlace Suites near the airport. It was half the price and a much better than the Renaissance. This was the worst Marriott I have every stayed at. STAY AWAY  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Randy817
<Content>Just okay I read most of the reviews and I agree with some of them and others not. Yes, the televisions are old and there are no microwaves or fridges in the room. But in my opinion staying in this hotel all depends on where your room is located. I was unfortunately on the side facing Interstate 5 and I was on the 5th floor. The noise was definitely troublesome to say the least. It wasn't bad getting to sleep if you like white noise in the background, but if you happen to wake up in the middle of the night it was difficult to go back to sleep. It's amazing that the traffic on the I-5 was constant all night long... I mean at 3:00 am there was a lot of traffic coming and going.Overall, the staff was nice and there were some nice features in the hotel. I walked to a ballgame at Safeco Field and it was about a 20 minute walk. The hotel was within walking distance to most of the attractions. The library is one block away and you can use their internet and computers if you need to check your e-mail. You just tell the library staff you are visiting from out of town and they give you one free hour of internet and computer use. I didn't have car with me so I have nothing to add about the parking. I took the Gray Line bus from the airport and it drops you off right in front of the hotel. This was a business trip for me so I didn't have to pay for the hotel out of my pocket. If I had paid for the hotel I would not have been a little more upset about the noise.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>napal
<Content>A wonderful surprise After reading the reviews I was very nervous that the hotel would be an old noisey uncomfortable place. When we arrived we were wonderfully surprised! The hotel had an elegant feel, with a nice lobby. We requested 2 rms with 2dbl beds each away from expressway. When we arrived they only had one room w/ 2dbl beds and a corner room near expressway. The corner room was great! It was like a mini suite with separate sitting room and sleeping area. There was some noise from street but nothing like I was expecting, just a little background noise. The 2nd room was smaller in comparison but very comfortable with nice ammenities. Pool on 28th floor with hot tub was small but had a great view especially at night. Staff were all very accomodating and nice.Location was okay, walking distance to most but hills were very steep so more strenuous of a walk for distance.Would definitley stay again and would reccomend it.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>1AvidTraveler
<Content>No complaints! From the moment we checked in, our stay at the Renaissance Seattle was great. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. Although a bit small, the room was spotless and very comfortable. The food prices--including room service--were extremely affordable, and all the food we had was amazing. The fitness center was also nice, and the location was great for what we wanted to do--walking distance to Pike Place Market, the monorail to the Space Needle, Pioneer Square, and Safeco Field (although I wouldn't recommend the walk back from Pioneer Square or Safeco Field simply because it is mostly up very steep hills). I would certainly recommend this hotel to pretty much anyone looking for a great stay in Seattle!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Joysephus
<Content>See it for yourself... I'm the first to admit that upon reading the reviews on TripAdvisor about the Renaissance Seattle I was really tempted to change my reservation - but given that I had an excellent rate (friend got me a discount) and the other hotels in the area were at least twice as much, I held my breath, said a prayer and hoped for the best.You really should see it for yourself and the only thing I regret about my stay is that I didn't take any pictures of the place to post here.The room renovations are up to date, trendy and stylish. I often travel for business and I don't usually sleep well in a hotel the first night but had no problems here. Television is now flat-screen - no fridge in the room but with turndown service nightly we got a fresh bucket of ice. Admittedly, the room size is a bit smaller than most, but they were still comfortable and roomy enough to hang out in for a couple of hours during the day. Someone in an earlier review mentioned not having a fan for the bathroom and there isn't a seperate fan (which I was worried about) but the four days I was there I never found it to be a problem. Infact, this bathroom often cleared out faster than some others in hotels that do have separate fans. Unlike some other Marriott properties, this one does have wireless in the rooms. If you have two laptops with wireless you either need to pay twice for the internet access OR someone will need to write down the access code and you'll have to take turns. I called the front desk on this and tried to get them to understand when you've got two people traveling, and two people with two seperate laptops that need to use their own laptop for business purposes paying twice for the service seems stupid, but I didn't win that battle.And the hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They've got a great crew there and I would not hesitate to stay there again. Had dinner one night in the lounge on the top floor - relaxing, priced about what I would expect for a hotel restaurant/lounge, and incredible biews.The one downside is that it is a bit further away from the rest of the toursity area of Seattle, but it's not like it's an unreasonable walk either. Another individual suggested taking 6th when walking if you want it to be a little less hilly and that's a great suggestion too. There is a city bus that within certain areas is free and for a nominal amount will take you other places as well. Most things are within walking distance though. In the few days we were there we walked to the monorail that took us to Seattle Center, walked to Pike's Market, the ferry pier, to Pioneer Square, and to Safeco Field without any problem or troubles. I've stayed at a number of Marriott properties (have marriott elite status) and this is one of the nicest I've been to and would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bagicatz
<Content>Disappointing Business trip - first time to city and found hotel disappointing. The lobby area and other public areas lacked character. The bedroom was small and slightly shoddy. The restaurant was okay for breakfast but not attractive for evening (I didn't even go as far as looking at the menu). And to cap it all was the price. I found this hotel expensive and not good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Essephreak
<Content>Here I am, awake in my room at 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday... ...and it is almost bright enough to read by. Despite the remodel, the curtains are very poorly fit to the window, which is recessed. Could be substantially alleviated by a better fit, and one of those short curtains that cover the top part, hung on the outside of the recess.I hate it when it is obvious that a renovation is done purely for visual aesthetic, and no member of management has ever actually tried to sleep in the room.Room on the 21st floor, on the opposite side from the freeway, is still pretty noisy, though not enough to bother me, since I use a white noise machine anyway -- but I pity the poor traveller who gets a low room on the freeway side, which also happens to face east, meaning the light problem is no doubt even worse.Otherwise, everything else about the place is nice, followiing the remodel. A much better hotel to look at than to sleep in, though.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	5	5	-1	2	

<Author>Lovetravelpskk
<Content>Nice upgrade and free parking We just backed from Seattle for the memoiral day weekend. This hotel is nice and location is OK. I booked from priceline.com. It was great price. When we checked in as family of four, the hotel did not have any rollaway bed so they upgrde us to a corner suite! The suite is nice and has room for the kids. Everyone in the hotel is very nice and lobby and hallway are not too bad. Close to freeway but it is not that noisy. We rented a car but did not use the hotel's parking lot ($27 a day). It is not hard to find free street parking near the hotel maybe it is because of long weekend.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarriottGuySanDiego
<Content>I think you have to see for yourself So I read most of the reviews before staying here and, honestly, considered changing my reservations. I'm glad that I didn't. The place is very nice, located up some steep hills (if you're walking), there's construction going on and a freeway to look. But if you can get past that (we did, pretty easily, too) it's a nice property. Being a platinum member, I called ahead and asked to be upgraded. We got a room on the 26th floor with views of Seattle on three sides. Smallish room with a separate sitting area. Same floor as the club lounge, so that was nice. Hotel was clean, everyone acted very professional and there's plenty of things to walk to within just a few blocks. We didn't rent a car here and, if you can avoid it, I wouldn't do it. It's too costly and Seattle is a good cab city. I would stay here again, but would like check out the Marriott on the waterfront first, just for a little variety. Also, paid $135 with a VIP card, so all things considered, it was a very good deal.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noodle73Uk
<Content>Wouldn't recommend if you want to good nights sleep...... Arrived at the hotel having requested a quiet non smoking room to be told that they did not have a one free, we were given one which overooked the very busy and noisy freeway and someone had been smoking in the non smoking room. We were also told upon arrival that the hotel was going through a refurbishment and to expect noise from 7am! We requested another room after just 2 hours sleep due to the high level of noise and were upgraded to a Junior Suite which was more noisy than the previous room. The rooms had double galzing which might as well not have been there. After zero sleep the next night I asked if there was an alternative room on a higher floor or a sister hotel which we could move to which was quieter...the night porter's very rude reply was 'well if you think we're paying for you to move your greatly mistaken' (I did not ask them to pay, only to see if they could get us into another hotel) after the tone of the porter, very little sleep in two nights and a wedding to go to the next day we decided to check out of the hotel at 11.45pm and move to a hotel closer to our friends (not part of the same hotel group), we were charged for 3 nights accommodation (which we think was disgraceful), the porter didn't even offer to call us a cab to get to the new hotel so we stood on the street corner for 30 minutes before catching one to a nicer, quieter hotel. I would not stay at the hotel again and would appreciate a reply to these comments.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>love2travel040
<Content>Exceded my expectations I booked a 3 night stay on Priceline ($80/night Sat - Mon) and once I got the name of the hotel I did my research...I was scared after reading some of these reviews. But there was no need - this is a great place for that price.The staff was amazingly friendly and accomodating (brought a bottle opener to the room and changed my room as requested). The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. This room had everything that I would expect for this class of hotel. The renovations are up to date and stylish.Make sure to go to the 28th floor for a nightcap - the view is worth it!Parking is a little pricey but there is a surface lot about 2 blocks away on 8th that is $15 for the day - if you don't mind getting up early to buy the ticket. Street parking in the area after 6 PM is free so take advantage of that.If you plan on walking, you can avoid some of the hills by walking down 6th to Pike Street and then left to the market - it is a fairly flat walk unlike going down Madison.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jparks2007
<Content>Superb Staff - Nice Room I stayed for one night at the Renaissance Marriott in Seattle. My room had a nice view of the city and was a larger corner room. The staff at the front desk and bar were exceptionally polite, courteous and professional. There was a group of 8 of us out for a girls weekend; 2 gals to a room. The hotel was kind enough to make sure each of our rooms had 2 queen size beds and that our rooms were nearby. About the only drawback to the place was that the bathroom didn't have a fan; other than that....no complaints!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Scousepeasant
<Content>Not bad for a short trip I got a cheap deal on priceline  reading some of the other reviews I was a bit concerned but I had a pleasant stay here. I was given a room away from the busy road without having to ask  although the room furniture was looking a little dated it was comfortable. The hotel is handy for the ferry to Bainbridge Island as well as other tourist places in Seattle such as Pike's Place Market  Pioneer Square. Free coffee was available in the lobby in the morning  later free hot cider was gratefully received as it was snowing outside. The restaurant was fine - nothing fancy, but good attentive service. I stayed on a weekend which may mean it was cheaper  less busy (hence nice quiet room without request etc) than during the week. I would stay here again - especially at these bargain priceline rates.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>DaFeng
<Content>This place is a rare find - Should have been demolished years ago I am surprised that as a part of the Luxury Brand Renaissance that Marriott allows this hotel to carry their name. Upon checking in, I was given a room right next to a noisy highway. The room itself was decrepit. Heavily worn out, Scarred furniture and no electrical outlets for a laptop. TV was circa 1985. I went to the front desk and asked for another room and was told there weren't any. I told them I was calling my travel agent. While on the phone, a manager from the hotel approached me and asked me to see if this other room was better.It was on the other side of the building which was quiet, but it was no less decrepit. Old worn out furniture, a very tiny room with occluded windows from water leakage and an iron with a broken handle and exposed electronics. One night is all is all I can stay. At $290 a night I was ripped off.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>WERTTraveler
<Content>Drab and Worn Out I stayed here for four days while attending a conference. I really like Marriott hotels and am nudging Gold status, so I was surprised when I got a cramped little room overlooking the Interstate. I complained and got a better room. Like so many hotels in Marriott's Renaissance chain, the Seattle Renaissance is old, tired and run down. The decor is early 1970s with carpeting that dates from that era. I noticed in the restaurant carpeting that was worn and stained. My room had dark wood and cabinetry that was cheap and ill fitting. I could not get my closet door to close properly. The lamp on my bedside table kept falling off. And as others have noted, each bed has a weird cloth headboard that is both unnecessary and probably unhygienic. I used the fitness center, but unless you got there before 5 am you were out of luck for a workout due to the limited number of machines. As I said, I am a huge fan of the Marriott chains. Why their Renaissance flagship brand is so consistently lousy, with the wonderful exception of the Mayflower in Washington, beats me.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yelley
<Content>Be very specific... I chose this hotel because I am a Marriott rewards member, and this was the closest hotel in the chain to my destination downtown.This was my third stay at the hotel, and once again I had to ask (after checking in) to be moved from a room overlooking I-5 even after I had specifically made the request, and was assured by the reservationist, that I would not receive a room on that side of the hotel. I understand that they need to move those rooms but the whole check-in charade has gotten old.However, the biggest complaint I had was the lack of free wireless internet. The fee for wired internet service is $10/day. The hotel staff I encountered during my stay were all very friendly, from the housekeeping personnel to the room service staff. They were the ones who made my overall stay much more pleasant.Next time I travel on business in the Seattle area though I'll probably stay at either the Spring Hill Suites or Residence Inn downtown - they seem to have the accommodations which more closely fit my needs.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	4	1	

<Author>ponydoc
<Content>Watch out for ticks! The headboard of the bed is covered with a fabric material that may attract uninvited guests. After traveling cross country, I decided to retreat to my room and take a nap before the afternoon conference I was attending. When I woke up, I felt an itch on my scalp/forehead and found not one, but two ticks. The ticks had not yet attached to my skin, so they were recently acquired. I had not been to any other location (straight from airport to Renaissance). I took the ticks to the front desk and explained the situation. The staff first offered to fog the room. I did not find this acceptable and was given a different room. The new room was very comfortable and clean. The hotel manager gave me vouchers for breakfast daily during the stay for the inconvenience. Although I had no further problems, I don't think I would stay again because of the tick problem.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>amozgirl
<Content>It was alright... Check in was great as they let us check in early. Requested and got a mini refrigerator. Quite a walking distance to the Pike's Place. It was nice to have a supermarket about a block away. The room was ok.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chthomko
<Content>There must be better places This is definitely not what you would expect from a Marriott Hotel, and as a Marriott Rewards Member with silver status I know what I'm talking about. Tiny rooms, old scratched furniture, no minibar, no refrigerator, no in-room safe. Had a room to the I5, even on the 8th floor it was extremely noisy.The whole hotel needs a complete refurbishment. Definitely no 4-star location.Next time I'll have to visit Seattle, I'll try to get another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soosyq
<Content>Very DIrty place! Watch out! Very limited English used here! From reading these reviews, it sounds like a complete different hotel than the one we stayed at. We stayed 9/12-9/15 and had a room on the club level floor 26. To say the rooms needed updating was an understatement. I am not usually one to care about what decade a style is in, but is a problem is when decades of dirt cause everyone in the room to itch and produce a rash. This was the case. Everytime we left the room, we could breath and did not itch. Return to the room and it began again. Carpet is a multi dark color which did a lot to hide the years of goodness knows what. We did not dare walk barefoot. Carpet was also tore up in every doorway and tiles were loose in the bathroom. Usually when a hotel remodels it starts with the most expensive room, so remodels are a long way off.Beds were beds, nothing special. Bathroom the size of a closet, forget closing the door, it was not possible.For those that need to know, friends of ours requested a handicap room because one of them is in a wheelchair. There is no handicap room! It is a regular room with a couple of shower bars as a minumum legal requirement. NOT ONE SERVICE PERSONAL other than check in and the bar of course, spoke complete and coherent English. You need to know this if you want to communicate with housekeeping staff, or anyone in the gift store. It is incredibly frustrating to tell housekeeping to please leave extra towels over and over and have to draw pictures.The so called parking garage is unmanned on entry and completely unsafe! You need to know this. It is in a dark, shadowed underground with exceptionally tight spaces. Elevators are not clear. You actually have to enter doorways to stairs and go up a flight to reach an elevator in some places. ANYONE can be in these stairways and believe me in this part of town, anyone is. BE CAREFUL!Check in however was a breeze, check out also. This is where the English speaking folks are hidden. And the bar too of course, where they want to take your money without aggrevating you.However, please note, my credit card has been charged twice for the entire stay and I am having the worst time resolving the issue. For some reason, they feel compelled to keep connecting me to the front desk of the hotel. These folks do not do billing. I am still trying after 2 days...  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyCouple38
<Content>Pleasant Surprise! I booked the Renaissance through Priceline and got a very good deal, more than half off the hotel's internet price. So, I was worried that the hotel would be dumpy. Thankfully it was far from dumpy. It was great! Fantastic location. Excellent service. We booked a king size room and were given a one-bedroom suite. It was nicely furnished, large and very comfortable. I am very picky about bedding and the bedding met my high standards. The sheets were high thread count, smooth and covered the comforter completely (top and bottom sort of forming a duvet). The complementary coffee service in the morning was great. They also gave us parking ($25) for free. The food was good in the restaurants too. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel exterior is under construction so it's hard to see the name as you are driving by.Note: The hotel is right next to the freeway, but the soundproofing makes it hardly noticeable.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wordcakes
<Content>Great deal, for a Priceline bid win. We live in Vancouver, BC, and often spend weekends in Seattle. Having used Priceline's Name Your Own Price function many times, we are always happy when we get the Renaissance. It's much nicer than the Crowne Plaza or the Red Lion, and waaaay better than the sketchy Holiday Inn Express that you can get stuck with on Priceline.The Renaissance lobby is lovely, the staff friendly, the rooms large, clean, and comfortable, the pool and gym very nice, and the location convenient enough. When we stay here we often walk to Pike Place, the Crocodile, and to the Space Needle and back several times during our stay. People who don't like to walk as much might find it a bit far from the Space Needle area, but that's why you stop at the NiteLite halfway for a drink!The hotel parking is atrocious, we only use it when we're going to Bumbershoot and don't want to waste time coming back to move our car. But normally we use street parking-it's plentiful, close to the hotel, and free during evenings/Sundays/holidays.I would never pay 260 dollars a night for this place, but for the three nights we have it booked this coming weekend we payed 258 dollars instead of the 700+ it would have been through their website. And that's during the Labor Day/Bumbershoot weekend when hotels are scarce. Seattle is an expensive hotel town. Even the Moore costs more than what we pay for the Renaissance, and it's a very budget boutique hotel.It's a good deal.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Garage Sale Decor When I arrived around 6:00 PM, I was upgraded to a club room at check-in (a Marriott Rewards perk). The front desk clerk was very candid in saying that the only added benefit to the club room was the bathrobes! I paid $157 plus $25 in room taxes per night... along with $23 to park in the hotel garage overnight.I was on the 26th floor, and there would have been nice views of Elliott Bay if not for the many taller buildings in the way. Fortunately, I did have a clear view of the piers to the south and a cruise ship in the morning. The furniture and carpet in my room were dark and old, and included a 5 black and white, non-CATV Quasar TV, vintage 1986, bolted to the bathroom counter. Frankly it looked like something you'd pass up at a garage sale, old and dirty. There was no coffee maker in the room, but the hotel made up for it by offering complimentary coffee service in the morning, ordered the night before with the wake-up call. It arrived right on time, along with the newspapers.The room service dinner was unremarkable, but the staff was very pleasant. In fact I found all of the staff to be very nice... friendly and efficient.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>chakrachick
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, comfortable beds We got a great deal on priceline ($100/night) but were treated as if we paid full price. Room was nice with very comfortable beds - the complimentary coffee and cocoa was a nice start to the day. The location makes it easy to see the sites, although the hills make your walk a little bit of an exercise. The Grayline shuttle from Sea Tac drops you off in front of the hotel and is very inexpensive. We ate in the bar one night and had good food that was reasonably priced, otherwise we ate at restaurants on the water. .Taxi to the Victoria Clipper for the 2 of us was $10 with tip. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matgilroy
<Content>Great value and location Hi My wife  I just stayed there 2 nights. Like other reviews, the hotel needs a little lift up (which they were starting the outside facade when we were there) but we had great service. The Front Office employee : Darrell was really nice. Other staff are friendly too.We stayed in a Junior Suite, spacious and very calm. It was nice because we really caught up with the sleep we needed.I would recommend this hotel and will of course stay there again. Great location, just a couple blocks away from every thing.Have fun  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nelsond
<Content>A Truly Fine Property This is the third time that my wife and I have stayed at this property. The exterior of the hotel, its hallways and rooms appear to need some updating, as all appeared to be a bit worn. However, the room that we took was sparkling clean. The location of this Renaissance is great for touring the city, and it's tied with the Renaissance-Tobu in Tokyo, Japan for having the most accomodating and kind employees that I've ever encountered. Also, the room service at the Seattle Renaissance provided the quickest service, the most appetizing meals and the most food for the money that I've ever experienced at any hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DesMoines
<Content>A Mixed Bag This hotel is really a mixed bag. It's in a pretty good location, although at the top of a big hill. The Grey Line bus shuttle bus from the airport stops in front, so that's convenient. The staff and service are very good, especially the wake up call with a tray of coffee.I've stayed here three times now, and clearly this place is in need of a renovation. The furniture is worn as are the carpets. But everything worked fine in the room I stayed in. If you can get a good rate, go for it. But there are much better hotels in Seattle. I stayed there mainly for Marriott points and nights and did get a very good rate.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>carey44
<Content>Great hotel for price We stayed at the Renaissance on June 30th for 1 night, We got the hotel on priceline for $105.00 US. We arrived at 12pm and new check in was not till 3pm. When we checked they had a room ready for us at 12pm ( nice ) we got the 16th floor room with a very nice view of downtown Seattle ( What a clean, beautiful city ) We ate at the lounge and enjoyed the food. The room was large and clean and the staff was very helpful. Never went to the restaurant on the 28th floor but heard it was very good from some other guests. The only bad thing is that it is 5 blocks to walk to the dowtown area and the road is very steep. Other then that this was a great hotel for the price we paid. Would stay again.PS, Went to Safeco field to watch ballgame, By far the most beautiful stadium I have been in. Awesome views of the city from the upper deck and wow what field.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>mommijun
<Content>pretty, comfortable, fine! Stayed here because it's where the conference meetings were scheduled. Took Greyline shuttle from airport, less than $20 RT. Meeting rooms were on Ballroom level, and the ground shook with vibrations from cars in parking garage. My 11th floor room was fine, comfortable- and even tho my window faced the highway I left the fan turned on and it drowned out plenty of the noise. Slept well- nice down comforter, friendly staff. Refrig and coffee maker would have been nice but comp. coffee in the morning was nice. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TravelSchmavel
<Content>Decent Hotel, great pool. The staff was very friendly and helpful, check-in was a breeze, car was too big for their garage, so we received a voucher for complimentary parking at the Hilton (3 blocks away). The pool and hot tub were the best part: on the top floor with great views. They obviously remodeled this area, it was the most up-to-date in the hotel. The interior of the rest of the hotel and the rooms were clean, but a bit worn and dated, time to refurbish. Overall a decent experience for a priceline booking.Pros:- Friendly, fast service- Pool and hot tub, views and open late- Fairly cleanCons:- It's in the business district downtown, so it's few blocks walk to things that are open on weekends, but not too bad- Interior is somewhat dated, but okay  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>RXUYDC
<Content>Don't Do It Unless you get some sort of deal from Priceline or similar you should stay away from this hotel. The hotel just needs a good renovation throughout, and there are much better hotels downtown at this or lower price (I paid $229). I was in a corner room on the 14th floor facing the Sound, but the freeeway noise was very noticeable and the room was very cold because of all the glazing. The room was large, and I guess was probably very nice in the early 90's when it appears to have last been renovated. There are strange built-in drawers below the windows, the furniture is in bad shape, the lighting poor, and the desk is small. The heating was very noisy, and constantly woke me every time it came on.The front desk service was fair, but the lobby too needs an update.Overall stay here only if you get a deal or this is the last place with beds in the city.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>screennamegoeshere
<Content>Yuck! I stayed at this hotel for two nights earlier this month. I've stayed at a number of Renaissance hotels in the States and in Europe and been very happy. I read the reviews here and was surprised to find a mixed report, but felt it was worth the risk - after all, I was trying to use all my remaining Marriott points for a free stay, and it's a category 5 hotel...how bad could it be? Well, was I shocked. The room was straight out of the 70s (or earlier). Worn carpet, worn furniture, ancient bathroom. It was satisfactory, and I was in no mood to move to a different hotel, but I thought about it. Then, I tried to use the Internet. Sorry, all, that just sucks at this hotel. I had to do several hours of work online and transfer a few files around. It was slower than an old fashioned modem (remember those?). I spent an hour on the phone with their Internet dept, and they kept claiming people at the hotel were sharing files which was overloading the network - they did make it slightly better. It took all night for the files to transfer at this hotel. For comparison, I had to do the same work a few days earlier from a Westin in Canada and was done in under an hour. Totally unacceptable. I should have tried my luck with the wireless from a neighboring hotel instead... There's absolutely no way I could be convinced to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Shell0616
<Content>Nice Hotel. The Good: Check in was fast and the staff were always friendly. The breakfast in the cafe was very good, although expensive.The rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. The Hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to quite a few attractions. My 12 year old son loved the indoor pool. It is on the top floor and has great views. We hung out there every night.The Bad. The traffic on the East side from the freeway is terrible. We were on the 23rd floor and I could hear it all night. It wasn't enough for me to request a room change or anything but if your a light sleeper it would bother you.$23.00 a night for parking is ridiculous. Over all I would stay again but only if I got a good deal.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kelster42
<Content>Nice stay Like the previous post I was very concerned about staying here. I also payed $65 on priceline and figured you can barely stay at a motel 6 for that so what the heck. The front desk was very efficent I requested a higher floor away from the freeway and that is what I got 20th floor opposite freeway. The fitness center was clean with lots of equipment. The pool and hot tub were clean and pretty much empty. Our room was nice with down comforter and it was nice to get fresh air since the window opened. The shower had plenty of hot water. we recieved a complimentary Sunday paper and complimentary tea, coffee or hot chocolate delivered to the room. as for parking my husband was able to find parking on the street so we didn't use the hotel parking. Seattle parking is free after 6:00pm and on Sundays.Overall well worth the $65.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nway
<Content>Better than expected after reading all the reviews here. We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It was a Friday,Saturday nite, I got it for $65 a nite on priceline. Wasnt sure what to expect, but the desk was as accomodating as it could be, rooms were clean. We had originally asked for a room facing away from the freeway as we would be sleeping in the day time. They did not have one avail, but gave us a freeway facing room on the 23rd floor. It was fairly quiet as long as you had the window closed tightly. Woke up every day to a news paper at our door. The thing that I was not prepared for was the $23 a night parking fee in the parking garage. Very low ceilings. Would not be albe to park there if you had an suv. Overall it was a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>DallasTraveler06
<Content>Pretty good for a downtown hotel. We stayed at this Seattle hotel for one night only in early December. We arrived late Friday night and were told that the highest floor they could put us on was the 4th floor. We had booked on Priceline, and are used to getting the leftovers as it relates to the rooms. But we were happy that they got us into a king-size bed. We didn't mind being only on the 4th floor, but I suspected that they are aware that there is some highway noise, and the higher up, the less noise.Nevertheless, the room was adequate - not luxurious. But we had paid a very reasonable price through priceline. If you have stayed in many downtown hotels, you know that there is a very high price to be paid for large perfect rooms without flaws. This room wasn't perfect, certainly, there was a chip on the bathroom door, that type of thing, but it was fine. And we didn't experience any troublesome noise from the highway.Mostly the reason that we are rating this hotel so high is because of the friendly staff and the great value we got on priceline. I would have been very unhappy with this hotel had I paid $150 or $200 per night. In the morning, at the breakfast buffet, we were treated to a wonderfully friendly server who couldn't have been more delightful and helpful. He helped us with our plan to walk down to Pike Place Market and chatted with us about the weather in Seattle ;-). The breakfast was fabulous and I don't think I've ever had a better waffle!The location is PRETTY good for getting to the Marketplace. The way there is all downhill so no problem. I would definitely recommend the bus system to get back. In the off-season, it's free. But it would be worth the small amount in the peak season as well. It is a very steep uphill climb to get back.We would definitely return but ONLY if we got a really good rate again. I would not pay over $100 for a room here.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Denver_Colorado
<Content>Worst hotel experience ever If you are thinking of booking a room at this hotel, JUST DON'T DO IT!!! I traveled to Seattle with 3 work colleagues for a seminar. We booked our room through Priceline, asking for a 3-star hotel in downtown Seattle, and got reservations at the Renaissance (supposedly a 4-star hotel). What a disaster!Half of us got rooms on the I-5 freeway side of the building. The noise there was so bad (large container trucks rumbling by all night) that we had to switch rooms. Even earplugs didn't help block out the noise. The rooms were also pretty shabby, with scratched up, damaged furniture. When we complained to the management and asked to switch rooms, they told us that the Priceline rooms were discounted rooms, so we shouldn't expect the same quality as full paying guests!!! We ended up having to pay an extra $25 per night just to get adequate rooms.The other half of my group got rooms on the other side of the hotel. There was construction going on from early in the morning until quite late at night. These rooms were also terribly noisy, but earplugs at least cut out much of that noise.The staff acted like complaints from guests about not being able to sleep because of the noise was old news that they didn't want to hear about. They acted indignant that we would dare to complain and were extremely rude and dismissive.Also, the ice machines were broken on most floors (we had to search 3 floors to find a working one) and there was no attempt to fix them. There was no minibar or even a mini refrigerator in the rooms. There was a spot where the refigerator used to be be, but they had removed them all.The Renaissance bills itself as a 4-star hotel. If that rating is based solely on the hotel lobby, I'd give it 3 stars. Based on the shabby rooms, the noise, the lack of service, and the rude staff, I would be stretched to give it 1 star!We will never stay at a Renaissance Hotel again!!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Idaho83716
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We stayed at this hotel for four nights. The water temperature in the shower was barely luke warm, but after two calls to the front desk the problem was fixed. The staff was very friendly, the restaurant breakfast buffet was very very nice. There was a huge storm while we were there, but it was hardly noticable except for the TV reception which wasn't that big of a problem. Overall, we were happy with the accomodations and would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Codfather2
<Content>Horrible experience - not worth it at any price! The Renaissance Seattle tries to pass itself off as a first-rate facility, but it is not. The hotel was renovated in the not-too-distant past, but it still has the atmosphere of a gloomy, 1970s-era concrete bunker. Desk staff were reasonably friendly, but totally unknowledgeable, even of facilities in their own hotel. The rooms were less than spotless, and the hallways were literally strewn with dishes, glasses, trays, etc. that went unretrieved by hotel staff for about 12-16 hours at a time during our stay. Although we were staying on a non-smoking floor, the hallways also reeked of cigarette smoke for some reason. I found my bed incredibly uncomfortable -- the mattress was hard as a rock. Even worse, when we checked in, desk staff did not inform us that one side of the hotel faces the I-5 highway and is **incredibly** noisy, even 20 stories up, even with the window shut, even in the middle of the night. Needless to say, we got very little sleep. Had I known this, I would have requested a room on the other side of the hotel -- but better staff would have automatically tried to be accommodating, where possible. Parking, not surprisingly, was excessively expensive. In short, our stay was little short of terrible. I would recommend this hotel to my worst enemy -- no one else. Mediocrity, thy name is Renaissance!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bazzeref
<Content>Awfull Stayed in April this yearOver priced, dull, staff not helpfull. No safe in room. They should have arranged transfers to the airport but failed.Do not stay there unless you really have to!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	3	

<Author>Loisstella
<Content>little dissapointed We only stayed here for one night - which was a good thing.....The room was dark, the staff unavailable or somewhat dim. No-one bothered to pick up the phone in the restaurant or call us back after we left a message.I guess if it looks like a Marriott, and smells like a Marriott it is a Marriott even if it's called Renaissance....The good thing was the location. It's close to the market and lots of fun restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mndy
<Content>Parking problem Woud never stay here again. We pulled up to valet to check in and we were told that we had to park 3 blocks down because our chevy tahoe would not fit in the garage. I could not believe it! I told the bellman that for the price of the room ($250) I can't believe that you do not have parking for my vehicle. We had to drive 3 blocks away to park and then get a cab back to the hotel because it was miserable outside. Then when we checked out we had to hike 3 blocks to the car and then go back to the hotel to pick up our luggage.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>GT3T
<Content>Pleasant hotel, but noisy location I booked one night, 9/21/06, through Priceline. The room was fine and the desk staff was pleasant. In the cafe, I had good crabcakes for dinner. The location is close to the waterfront area---it's about five blocks steeply downhill. Front the hotel I walked to Pier 66, where I got on a Celebrity cruise ship. (Other cruise ships dock much farther south.) Its siting next to the freeway is definitely a downside. When the TV is off, the traffic noise is very noticeable. I could hear it even using earplugs. I didn't think it was awful, but I would probably choose another hotel next time.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>QB1
<Content>Nicely located We spent three nights at the Renaissance and enjoyed it very much. It was within walking distance of most attractions and the (free zone) bus service. Checked TripAdvisor for places to eat and have to thank you for two great choices - the Oceanaire for seafood and Assaggio for Italian. Great restaurants!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jken2000
<Content>Moved to another hotel during my stay. This was to be a 13 day stay for business. There were several issues that were not fixed during my stay that prompted me to check out of the hotel and check into another. 1st being they put me in a room with an adjoining door. Because of this I was able to hear everything that went on in the next door. This included conversations, television shows and the adjoining door was being jiggled constantly. On Wednesday, my room internet stopped working. They continued to charge me $9.95 everyday for the service. Even though the hotel had other rooms available they would not move me. I finally gave up waiting for the hotel to do something and checked out on Friday.. walked several blocks and checked into the Fairmont. I would not recommend this hotel for business travelers. Privacy and having reliable access to the internet are too important to compromise.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>kwh
<Content>Location Problems The hotel is nice, but it is located between the major interstate that runs through Seattle and a construction site. So no matter where you have a room there will be noise. It is also located on a hill several blocks from the waterfront, so everytime we went for dinner or sightseeing down there, it was quite a hike. It is also a bit of a walk to the major downtown shopping area and other attractions. The rooms were fine, but the location isn't the best.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>willowcrown
<Content>Very nice hotel, friendly staff No problem checking in or parking as other reviews suggested. All hotels in Seattle charge for parking, so I went there expecting it. At least the parking garage is clean, well lit and equipped with an elevator to the lobby of the hotel.The staff was very friendly and met every request with a smile. The morning beverage option was a nice touch and my kids enjoyed it. Rooms were clean and well maintained. I wish the pool was larger but it was well tended and kept at a comfortable temp. Location is convenient as long as you aren't walking everywhere. We would surely stay again!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dave148
<Content>Nice hotel! I'd stay again. My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance for five nights recently. We were there for a convention. Overall, a nice hotel. Our 15th floor room had nice bedding and linens. The indoor pool and whirlpool were nice. There's free wireless in the lobby and bar areas (although they don't publicize it). Check-in was a breeze. Granted, I checked in at noon and it wasn't busy. I did notice a line later in the afternoon. I liked the free coffee/tea/hot chocolate offer when I ordered wake up service. They deliver both the local newspaper and the USA Today. Food-wise, we ate breakfast at Charlie's in the hotel. Not bad, but typical hotel pricey. We ate there twice. Locationwise, the hotel is the first stop from Sea-Tac airport on the Downtown Airporter bus. The Metro bus #12 stops right outside which is a pleasure compared to walking uphill from the city center. Overall, a nice stay. I'd definitely consider it for a future visit.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelBug128
<Content>We had a nice stay here We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights last weekend. We arrived on Friday and left on Monday, and had no problem checking in or out, which took 2 minutes. The room wasn't too bad except we were assigned a room facing the freeway. The noise from the freeway didn't bother us at all and we were on the 10th floor. The bed was nice and comfortable. The most impressive service at this hotel was the concierge. Fred, one of the attendants took care of quite a few things for us before we arrived. He was very helpful and friendly, made some good suggestions to help us plan our weekend, saved us time and money. Overall it was a great experience and the service level was what we expected from a Marriott/Renaisance hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>totalimage446b
<Content>I'd stay again tonight! I slept wonderful here! I love down comforters and double sheets! My kids loved the indoor pool, and the morning hot chocolate. They left upscale shower samples, not your typical off brands. We got room service for dinner both nights, it wasn't terribly expensive and it actually tasted very good. The parking does cost 21 bucks, but parking is just expensive in Seattle. We got a great deal on the room, so I didn't feel so bad about the extras. We also paid extra for internet in the room, but for ten bucks you get all day internet and long distance phone calls. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete Disappointment We booked at the Seattle Renaissance for a weekend trip after having great experiences at other Renaissance Properties in the past and having read mostly positive feedback on TripAdvisor.The trouble started the moment we arrived. To my utter astonishment, not one of the four valet parking attendants on staff knew how to operate a manual transmission. Maybe I'm a progressive thinker, but I would have thought that knowing how to drive a car would be a basic prerequisite for being a valet attendant. After parking the car myself, we found the lobby to be PACKED with people and the lineup for the front desk literally had dozens of people in it. It was obvious that it would take close to an hour to even reach the check-in desk.I have Marriott Elite status as a frequent Marriott guest, so after trying to get the concierge's attention for several minutes, I was finally able to ask him if they have a dedicated Elite check-in line as they do at many properties, to which he replied, no, we got rid of that. Frustrated, we left and went to the W instead, where we had a great stay.Apart from our bad experience, the decor of the hotel appeared tired and dated. I realize that that it wouldn't be completely fair to blame the hotel for the timing of our arrival and the crowd in the lobby, but the combination of the incompetent valet parkers and the hotel staff's poor handling of the situation in the lobby will guarantee that I definitely won't book at the Seattle Renaissance again!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kamiahkid
<Content>Great for a weekend get away The Renaissance Seattle Hotel provided for a nice, spontaneous  romantic getaway to Seattle. It was my first reservation made on Priceline. I was able to get a room at the Renaissance for $129/night + taxes. The hotel is in a good location, and it's the typical old but not quaint downtown hotel. We were able to request a king, non-smoking room with a view of the Sound and downtown at time of check-in. The bed was comfortable with nice linens and comforter. The only down side to the hotel room was the very small bathroom; however, this might by typical for an older hotel. I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Stayed here for a Business Meeting This property is now owned by Marriott and has been updated. The rooms are large and comfortable. I used to stay here in the 1980s and they still have the coffee, tea or hot chocolate delivered to your room with the newspaper in the morning. Just be sure to call the night before. The food at the conference was outstanding. They had a cheese spread that was to die for. The staff was friendly. They gave me a 2:00 checkout. Parking is $21 and the parking is tight so if you have a big rig navigate carefully. I will stay here again.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikalaTilda
<Content>Great business hotel I've stayed at this hotel many times this year for business and have had a really good experience overall. All of the staff members I've encountered have been friendly, from the front desk staff to other staff members encountered on the elevators. The rooms have always been immaculate and the hotel is well-maintained. Room service is quick and the complimentary beverage service in the morning is great. The location is within walking distance of tons of restaurants and shopping. The only thing so-so thing has been the restaurant food and service at the italian restaurant inside the hotel. The prices are average and the service is slow so I'd recommend checking out the other restaurants in the area before eating here. It isn't that the restaurant is particularly bad, it's just that there are a lot of better restaurants within close walking distance.All in all, a great place to stay for business or to use Marriott points for a long weekend.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmatrun
<Content>Nice business hotel, great for tourists too I stayed here for 7 nights in July, 2005 and loved the hotel. The location is perfect...the new library is right behind the hotel, 10 minute walks to the downtown shopping core or to the water. Lots of restaurants and coffee shops within a 5 minute walk, too. My room was a good size with a nice bed. The washrooms were also a good size and clean. Service was good (a little too good maybe, hotel workers were knocking on the door to check on things 3-5 times daily). I ordered room service a couple of times and the service and food were both great. There is a pool and workout facility in the hotel which is pretty good, too. All in all, could not have asked for a better hotel. Keep in mind my company was picking up the tab, so I did not shop for prices. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redwhiskeypete
<Content>Great Service This was probably between a three and a half star to a four star hotel. Guest services were outstanding, we had two employees ask if we needed help between walking in and getting to the hotel desk. We ate at the hotel's cafe on the 2nd floor for a quick bite after checking in and found the steak sandwich to be the most tender we've ever tasted. Hot water in the bathroom was almost instant and the towels were nice and thick. We paid about 100 a night through priceline and I think parking at the hotel was 21 dollars a night.Feel free to ask any questions.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brats
<Content>nice hotel Terrible Parking Stayed there last week end very nice friendly hotel rooms were a good size, comfortable beds, bathrooms very small and its really dark with the shower curtain closed.BUT there is always one I will never stay again because we were unable to park our car Yukon XL we were told it would not fit in their car park. We would have to park 3 blocks away they would not Valet it they were not helpful I tried we had 5 children with us they were not going to help. I really think they should explain when you book that you cannot get a large car into their car park other members of our party had smaller cars and were unable to park either .------but funny when we booked they said they had on site parking  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would spend the money elsewhere We stayed at this hotel with our young family for an overnight downtown get-away, and work-related Christmas party. It was disappointing. The pool was beautiful on the 28th floor. Unfortunately it was icy cold and the room temperature matched it. A call to the front desk with a request for a bit of heat in the room went unheeded. We returned to our room for a hot shower only to discover that our room didn't have any hot water either. A call to the desk came with all kinds of rationales, but no assistance. We could barely get out of there fast enough. We had spent the night over the scenic freeway in uncomfortable beds, and left after a cold swim and equally cold shower. When we checked out we noticed that the ceiling was leaking water on the floor making for dangerous conditions. We mentioned it to the deskclerk, who was as nonchalant as the rest of the service, or rather nonservice staff. I would suggest that you choose a different hotel. Next time we will!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>szamp
<Content>so so We stayed here on a Saturday night as a stop over before flying home the next day. We were on a top floor overlooking the expressway. We could still hear all the noise. There were few restaurants, we walked a square 4 blocks down from the hotel and found nothing open at 2000 on a saturday The hotel's own restaurants were empty so we decided that would not be a good choice. The bed was comfortable. Then today when checking bank statements I find an unexplained $104 charge on my credit card. The real test will be how many phone calls will it take to correct this mistake This is really just a hotel. Nothing special and a bit isolated because it is so close to the expressway.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>earmark72
<Content>Do your homework on public transportation ! I stayed here during an extra rainy stretch of weather with a girlfriend of mine in early November. While a an easy 10-15 minute walk to the Pike Place market area, the return to the hotel is not so easy; a four or five (short) block walk up fairly steep streets. The people working at the hotel are helpful, efficient and are willing to assist you at the drop of a hat; the only concern I have about their abilities are their errors and lack of knowledge about public transportation--they made casual mistakes about the bus routes from the airport and around the general area--look at the Seattle PT website before you leave! This is not a hotel best suited to the poorer tourist!As for the rooms, they are attractive, clean and have some stylistic leanings toward art deco, and are befitting the renaissance chain. My friend and I did worry about the darkness in the bathtub when the shower curtains are closed--they need some sort of lighting! The pool and fitness room were attractive, clean, though small, and would have had impressive views of south Seattle and the Sound if not fogged up!For the travel agent rate I booked the hotel for, the hotel was a fantastic bargain.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect After reading a few of the reviews for this hotel I was a little concerned about staying here. But it was great and I am the pickiest. It was clean, in good condition and in a perfect location, walk up and down Union Street to save the uphill walk.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay for one day!! We enjoyed our one day precruise stay. Room on 10th floor, nice view, comfortable bed. We had the breakfast buffet on Sunday morning, EXCELLENT!!! No complaints, except for the uphill walk from pikes place...other than that... WE LOVED OUR STAY!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>laylaune
<Content>Up a Hill! view of a rooftop! Not bad. The staff, including the bartender are really nice. The room service is extremely fast. The hotel is pretty nice. The parking is atrocious, but we were able to get in and out pretty ok. You have to have your ticket validated to get back in. The beds and pillows were fairly plush. The problem I had with it was that it was up a HUGE hill, so walking for me was definately a no go. Room service food was filling and quite good. I'd stay again, if I had a conference at the conference center next door. The library next to the hotel is amazing.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>About what you expect When I saw the rate on online sites we werent planning to stay there, but we got a group rate of $129 per room which made it worthwhile, I certainly wouldnt pay the more often seen rate of $199.The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. We had a really great view over the city.The service was friendly. Front desk was pretty slow as the hotel was fully booked so they were very busy.The pool was pleasant and the restaurant about what you expect in a Renaissance.The hotel is at the top of the hill which was a fairly steep climb to get up, but it would only be a cheap taxi ride if you didnt feel like walking.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fig414
<Content>A nice experience We had 2 nights at theRennaisance and were totally happy.The jail comment in a previous review is very strange and totally unwarrented. What jail? A very nice and safe area. The room was very nice with the bed being one of the best ever. I was a little nervous about the hotel being at the top of the hill but it wasn't as bad as expected. It is so near great restaurants and shopping. The walk down to water is easy. The walk back up is tough but we took cabs if we were down by the water. The hotel staff were very friendly and always said hello in elevators and around the hotel. The concierge staff helped us greatly and were very nice. Of course it is not a 4/5 star hotel but we had a 5 star experience overall and would return anytime.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DPDDDS
<Content>There must be another hotel you can choose in downtown Seattle! Musty, and damp hotel. The Seattle city jail is less than a block away. Need I say more? Staff was nice, but they were probably scared to go outside too. This hotel needs a overhaul. Stayed there only to capitalize on Marriott Rewards and save points. Stay at Hyatt folks. This is my 1st negative review.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would have been happier elsewhere We made our reservation through Hotels, last minute, and with taxes paid over $200 for our room. You can get free coffee or hot chocolate only if you request a wake-up call. I have stayed in similar boutique-style hotels in other cities for less and they had in-room coffee, fan in bathroom, and non-chipping tiles in bathroom. Personally, would not recommend this hotel even though the front desk personnel were helpful, and reasonably friendly. The bell personnel, however, left us waiting in 90+ weather for half an hour when they said, we'll be right up with your car.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic service Just come back from Seattle and stayed at the Renaissance for one night. My friend and I were totally impressed by the service offered by the front desk and concierge staff. Due to delays with our travel companion's flight in, we were able to extend checkout by 2 hours with no problems at all. On the evening of our stay, the concierge booked us a table at a local restaurant which had a courtesy shuttle bus. As the traffic was terrible, this was half an hour late in picking us up. When we got to the restaurant, the waiter surprised us with an appetizer courtesy of the concierge at the Renaissance. This more than made up for the delay. Overall the room was spacious, clean and the free morning coffee and paper were lovely touches.Will definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luvness746
<Content>Not Bad - As long as you don't pay full price! I got the room through Priceline for $70/night...which is not bad. Here is my take on the hotel and room:Room - I called the hotel a week before my stay to request a king bed and a quiet room based on the feedback I got from other folks on Tripadvisor. When I got to the hotel, I asked them again for the same requirements. I was given a king bed and a room not directly facing the freeway but still within viewing distance. In addition, the room was on the 6th floor so you can still hear the freeway noise. I requested for another room, but they could only give me one floor higher but still within viewing distance of the freeway. So, it didn't make sense to move. At this point, I was very upset since I've made my request ahead of time. However, I must admit the room was quite big for the price we paid and the bed was pretty comfortable.Wake up call w/beverage - I thought this was a great service the hotel offered. I got the hot cocoa and it was delicious. This sort of made up for my disappointment of the room.Parking - Parking in the hotel is expensive ($21/day). You can go to other garages for a bit less but you would need to move your car early in the morning. Also, you can park in the street at certain times for free but not the full 24 hours. So, I suggest not renting a car. However, we did find parking up the street past the freeway on 8th avenue which was free for the whole day, but availability is very limited.Late night cravings - the hotel is a bit of a walk from the main shopping/restaurant area...so not much choices nearby. However, we did find a pub that opened late and cheap too which was on 4th avenue... i can't remember the name. The pub was recommended by the concierge...so definitely take advantage of that service...they are very helpful. Hotel Staff - I have to say I was impressed with the hotel staff...bellstand, concierge, maid service...they were very helpful. One day during our vacation, it was raining and we didn't have an umbrella. I called housekeeping to request one and they made sure I got one.So, initially I was going to give a rating of 2 due to the problems I encountered with requesting a quiet room. But based on the customer service I received from the hotel staff...I changed it to 3. However, if you are paying full price...there are other alternatives you want to consider which are closer to the public market.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smonion
<Content>I loved this hotel!!! Great location for checking out the new library. I love hotels in general and have made it my hobby lately to stay in as many Seattle Hotels as possible. Here's my list: Fairmont Olympic, Inn at the Market, Inn at Harbor Steps, the Paramount, the Sheraton, the Warwick, Courtyard Marriott, and the Renaissance. This is in the past month. Of all these places the only two that I would want to give my money to again are the Inn at Harbor Steps and the Renaissance. I did go through Priceline and got a good deal. The staff was very welcoming and polite, I didn't get the feeling that I was the 'discount' customer. Everybody went out of their way to be nice and friendly, especially the person who took my room service order. I don't remember her name but she was outstanding, I wanted a very specific type of pasta and it wasn't on the menu but she really tried to accomodate me, I ended up getting something else that wasn't on the menu and it was terrific! (I ended up with rigatoni with crab in a cream sauce) It was delivered by her as well. That's always pleasant, to be able to thank someone personally. So, yeah the food was really good and reasonably priced. I think we got two complete dinners and drinks and a dessert and it was still less expensive than the Sheraton for two cheeseburgers and two desserts.The window opened which I always like. It was a smoking room but that's what we asked for, we had originally been assigned a non-smoking room. It was on the fllor that is just underneath the club floor, so it was pretty high up. We did have a view of the 'freeway' but it also included a wonderful view of the St. James Cathedral, which is my favorite building in the city. I didn't find the freeway to be noisy, nor was the hotel noisy. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean and had very nice smelling bath products. Sunflower something, I saved some of the shampoo and just washed my hair with it today at a different hotel because I didn't like their product.Also, pretty good deal on tv internet $10.00 for 24 hours, I think it's a free hookup if you have a laptop but I don't so I enjoyed the reasonably priced webtv. I was very tired when I was there so I didn't have a chance to go swimming but I did go and check out the pool and gym. It was the first hotel that I've been in and actually seen people cleaning the equipment, how refreshing! So, the pool is on one of the top floors, with what looks to be a quite hot-hot tub next to it. It rivals the Sheraton's pool in terms of nice settings for a pool, plus it's open till 11:00, not ten, take that Sheraton! (Can you tell I've had a bad experience with the Sheraton?)I hope anyone that chooses the Renaissance has as lovely a time there as I did. I will definitely be going back, to swim at night and see the city lights and the stars.P.S. I recall them having a small fridge but not a minibar so you may want to bring drinks.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ktbear7476
<Content>Great Stay As Long as you enjoy a nice walk We got this hotel off of Priceline. I've seen some eh-eh reviews, but we enjoyed the hotel. Pool and Fitness center are included in your stay (a lot of other hotels we went to on this trip charged you extra).Water Pressure, Room Space, Temp Control, Decor and Staff were all above average. The pillows were awesome! The only big issue we had was that there was not a coffee machine in our room. I guess with a coffee shop on every corner they figure you will find coffee somewhere, but for my companion, who doesn't function without coffee, it was a little upsetting.The location is not bad as long as you don't mind walking. It is only a few blocks to the market. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel. There are some hills in the area so if you have problems walking up hills you may not want to stay here. We didn't mind, we liked the walk...burned off calories from our meals!We definitely would stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bobba
<Content>Bad Vibrations The short version is that the air conditioning system of this hotel builds up a harmonic modulating vibration in the ducts coming from the basement. Our first room had the air returns coming through it and the every 2 minute buildup and release of the noise drove us nuts. When we figured out what it was they nicely moved us to another room, but once you realize the problem you can probably hear it in all the rooms though it is less loud and did not drive us nuts at the low level. We would have liked to open the windows, but this hotel is right on I-5 which is continuously traveled by all types of vehicles and quite loud, windows open or not.The normal level of great Marriott's service was there which is very pleasant, but I would not stay at this facility again until it changes its air system.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Pay Full Price! We stayed two nights at the Renaissance in April 2005. Fortunately for us, we used Marriott points to pay for the room. Had we paid full price, I would have been very upset. The room was okay..nothing that great. The bathroom was really in need of a makeover--it was probably the height of fashion in 1982, but in 2005, it was just plain ugly. We also found the bed to be really uncomfortable.The upside:The hotel staff treated us very well. We had breakfast both mornings in a cafe on the second floor--the food was pretty good and the waitstaff were very attentive and friendly. The lobby of the hotel is pretty attractive (a lot better than the rooms!). We also had a lovely view of the water from our room. Also, the location in downtown Seattle is great.The verdict:For $70/night, the price others have quoted on this site, I think this is a decent place to stay. At the rack rate, which was almost $200 the weekend we stayed, I would have been absolutely livid. Marriott really ought to spend some money updating the rooms.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drmorf
<Content>Great deal on Priceline I booked a room through Priceline for $70 + $16.80 taxes and fees + $19 parking, so a little over $100 a night with parking in downtown Seattle is a fairly good deal.We had a junior suite on the northwest corner of the hotel, which had a great view. The room was large, but there was no refrigerator, only a minibar. :-(Overall I thought the hotel was an excellent deal for the price. I would stay here agian.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Checked out early, won't stay here again The room was dirty when I checked in, food substances on the carpet. It was late at night, so I let it go. When I got back the next evening, no maid service--they don't provide maid service if you stay a week or more. Furnishings are cheap, room is small, simply not worth the price. This is a motel 6 masquerading as something pricier, simply not worth it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended!! Perfect Stay! We stayed at the Renaissance Hotel in Seattle for one night (Saturday night) on Jan 8th, 05. We were really apprehensive about the place after reading some of the negative feedback posted on this site, but honestly, after our stay there, its hard to believe that people had such bad experiences there. We just had an all around great experience at the hotel. Firstly, we were able to score a really good deal on Priceline (only 70 bucks) for the room. When we got there, the guy who checked us in was very courteous. We were asked for our preferences regarding bed type and smoking/non-smoking room. We made it a point to request a non-freeway facing room (based on suggestions posted on this site by some previous visitors to the hotel). All of our requests were accomodated. Although we paid priceline fare, we were given a room on the 19th floor with an absolutely amazing picture postcard view of downtown Seattle. The room was large, very clean, well-maintained and very well furnished. The bathroom was great too...no problems with low water pressure or hot water not being available. The wake-up call we had requested the next morning was timely, and was accompanied by hot chocolate and a newspaper left outside our door. We checked out the next morning, but since our flight wasn't till later that evening, the hotel let us stash our bags at the hotel so that we didn't have to lug them around while we walked about the area.Besides the great room and the very courteous service, we can't rave enough about the location - its literally just a couple of blocks away from everything - Pikes Place, the shops, farmers market, the harbour (if you have a car, don't pay the hotels high parking price... there are parking garages just a block down for far cheaper). Don't miss out on visiting the public library, which is just a block away from the hotel - this is one of the most amazing buildings I've been in in quite a while and probably the coolest library ever built.. Fantastic architecture and the interior is unbelievable. Very space age-y and modern (take the elevator to the meeting room floor...you'll be in for a visual surprise. Hard to believe its just a *public library** !!Also, theres this great fusion restaurant nearby called Wild Ginger. Fantastic food (definitely get the fresh tuna bruschetta as an appetizer), great atmosphere and very reasonably priced for a nice restaurant. (Make a reservation though)Well, so all in all, an absolutely great experience at the Renaissance Seattle. We will definitely stay there again the next time we're in Seattle, and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mayor_of_Jhelom
<Content>Excellent stay - nice walks to everywhere I stayed in the Renaissance for four nights in October. It was a very nice and clean hotel with a courteous, attentive staff that caters respectfully to every need. The only problem I experienced was that their food wasn't that terrific, especially their breakfasts. It is also located within walking distance everything. The public library is only a block away, the waterfront is a few blocks downhill, etc. The Space Needle is a little further away, but a nice walk with some shops along the way. Conveniently located across the street is the bus line that can take you to the Pike Place market for good food and shopping. When I return to Seattle next Fall, I will definitely check in here.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not happy At a rate of $135 a night, I expect better service and cleaner, fresher looking rooms from a hotel. The furniture is worn out, shabby (not in a chic way). The duvet cover I did not feel like touching at all. Cleaning staff refolded used towels and put them back on the rack. I found hair on the sink after the place had been cleaned (apparently). Bath towels felt like sand paper on skin. The heater rattled and hummed all night. Coffee makers are not provided but wake-up service provides complimentary coffee/tea/hot beverage if requested. The front desk attendants rarely smiled. The bellhops and concierge did a far better job in seeming friendly and pleasant. I had a great view of the puget sound from my 11th floor window. Location - Pike Place market is walking distance (15 minutes) and so is west lake center from where one can take the monorail to the space needle. Then again, nearest Macdonald's is also a 15-minute walk. That to me is a big disadvantage if you are craving junk food (as I am wont to do when I am traveling) at midnight.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad if you book on Priceline I stayed at the Renaissance for two nights in October 2004, I got the room on Priceline for $70 a night. The parking fee is stiff but if you don't mind walking a few blocks there is a lot (not covered) on the other side of the freeway where you can park for $9 a day and less than that on weekends. The lot is about a 3-5 min walk.The rooms are OK, nothing spectacular. I also liked the free hot cocoa with your wake up call. The beds are nice and comfy. One thing that irritated me was that the mini bar was sealed shut which was kind of annoying.There are other nicer and more luxurious hotels to stay in in Seattle than this one, but for $70 on Priceline it wasn't bad at all.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>faile819
<Content>Parking fee stinks. :( My husband and I had booked a room here about a year and a half ago and had a wonderful view of the city lights. Unfortunately, we'd gotten there around 11 p.m. so didn't get a chance to do much. We wanted to go back again so we were thrilled when we got a great deal through Priceline a few days ago, and looked forward to a nice time this weekend.At check-in (after parking our car in their lot) we were informed that to park at the hotel we would have to pay $19 PER NIGHT to have our car there. We were told it was one of the least expensive places to park in the area - total lie, by the way, as we found out the next day when walking around the area. We probably should have checked ahead of time, but honestly, I can't remember a time where a hotel you're renting a room in doesn't give you free parking (or at least greatly reduced) during your stay. Bad customer service.The woman who checked us in was not friendly and barely polite - maybe because we didn't have to pay the $160 a night like they offer on their website - and put us on the 11th floor, freeway view. Quite noisy and not pretty at all. How disappointing. :( The other requests we'd made ahead of time (one king bed and non-smoking room) were taken care of but I had to double check on them at check-in.One good thing is that they offered complimentary hot chocolate with a wakeup call and that was very tasty. All in all, though, we'll stay closer to home at a more affordable hotel that doesn't stiff us in parking next time.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ahoy31
<Content>Don't stay here if the forecast is rain We stayed at the Renaissance Seattle in late August. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite on the Executive Floor. The first night was great and the room was decent.The second night we were awoken by dripping water from the ceiling. The rain outside was being funneled into our room. The water was spilling over the wardrobe onto the counter and flooding our carpet. We called maintenance and they told us that this happens every time it rains. They instructed us to ask for more towels from Housekeeping and used all our room towels to soak up the deluge. The hotel did refund us the night however, I wouldn't stay there if the forecast is rain. It is possible that the issue was only in our room however the ceiling of the cafe on the 2nd floor showed clear water damage.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SaraCKTaylor
<Content>Okay but not a four star The location is pretty good - especially if you take the hotel shuttle from the airport (that will save you about $15) because it is the first stop. I wouldn't rate the rooms a 4 star as I have seen it mentioned before. They are pretty clean but seem very old. We were able to walk to most places but it was a little bit of a hike uphill coming back.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value with ideal location Clean and well kept. Nice restaurant with a view. Small clean gym has a nice view also. Really convenient to most anyplace you'd want to go. Rated 3.5 stars-compared to other 3.5 star hotels I've been in, the Renaissance should be at least a 4.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mossman99
<Content>Ask for the upper east side We got a room here for a week in August via Priceline. One side of the hotel backs on a major highway so we made it clear to the front desk that we wanted the downtown/Puget Sound side of the hotel. They gave us a hard time because we had used Priceline and others were paying full freight for the good side. But in the end they caved and gave us a high floor on the good side. The room was nice and the view was very nice. The only problem with the hotel is that it's on a steep hill and walking back from all the downtown attractions really works those buns. But there are some convenient bus lines nearby, and the new public library is a (steep) block away.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fine hotel We stayed here in August 2004 and the hotel was much better than I expected. I Had found the hotel on the Internet and had no experience of Seattle or it's environs. The Renaissance sits atop a hill I suppose nearly a mile above Seattle but it is a straight walk down to the seafront. Walking back is a different matter and so don't stay here if a) you cannot walk up hills and b) don't want to pay a taxi fare back up to the hotel (cost us about $5 to $7 usually). The hotel was extremely comfortable, has a small pool on the 28th floor (gym too) and the staff were extremely friendly. One of the nicer hotels I have stayed at....  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betch4
<Content>Great Downtown Hotel!!! We stayed at this property for 2 nights and were very pleased with its cleanliness, location, friendliness of staff, and amenities. Only issue was the hot tub- it wasn't working properly, but no big deal. We'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hot Water Would Have Been Nice   showReview(1750785, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place, great location   showReview(1504013, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meg312
<Content>Very comfortable   showReview(1481789, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing views with amazing style   showReview(1383546, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price but ...   showReview(1376923, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location Great Pool/Health Club   showReview(1229912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whoshr
<Content>Nice place   showReview(1154971, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place    showReview(1138697, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value   showReview(1119361, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad, But...   showReview(931250, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

