<Author>DangMontreal
<Content>Comfortable and Romantic City Getaway       Amenities  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Miss_Snooty
<Content>Not as bad as I was expecting I booked this hotel and my trip to Barcelona on a whim in order to escape the dreary North European weather and, having read some of the reviews just a few days before going, went with some apprehension. I booked for three nights mid-week and despite paying a single rate was given a reasonably sized double room. The clinical whiteness of the room was a little overdone (the only relief afforded by the black slim-line TV) but everything was clean and in good working order. The bathroom had a decent 'monsoon' shower and separate hand held nozzle for all those hard to reach places. A free facility on offer was an i-pod docking station, which was much welcome as music CDs on the TV came at rather a hefty charge. The room service was done properly, although, oddly, one of the door hangers actually said Do Disturb. This being a gay-orientated establishment I wasn't terribly sure whether this was a typographical error or not! With regard to the Spa complex - I had this to myself. The gym is a little small and would only contain 3 people comfortably but are you really on holiday to have a work out? The sauna and steam are both fine and the jacuzzi delighful (though it would have been better shared with someone tactile but that's life). This being December I can only confirm that the plunge pool is at least more than ankle deep. I also booked a massage through the hotel and this was provided by a very professional Venezualan who was both handsome and friendly (so it can happen). I had a full hour for EUR70 but there were no extras - so you may find better value and possibly extras at one of the saunas where the going rate is in the region of EUR40/hr. I unfortunately was unable to research this matter as some kindly gentleman availed himself of my wallet and all its contents on the metro. This was from the inside zipped (albeit exposed) pocket of my overcoat. If you're going to BCN take and use a money belt. Don't be poorer but wiser after the event like me (sob!). The downside to the hotel, if there has to be one, is that my 5th floor room overlooked the front of the hotel. This may have had a nice view from the miniscule balcony (which vertigo prevented me from venturing onto) but it also meant lots of traffic noise. This being Spain, where every road is a race track, the noise did not abate at any time - day or night. Clearly the seal on the double glazed doors of this particular room needs replacing. If this is likely to concern you you may be best asking for a room at the back. On the upside the hotel is located fairly centrally to all the main sites and is also within walking distance of most of the gay establishments. I didn't sample the breakfast as a coffee and a croissant suffice for me but the lunchtime menu looked terrific value (i was usually having my croissant at about this time, however). Finally the A1 (Blue) Airport bus costs EUR4.05 for a single trip. Note that the only central boarding point is located outside El Corte Ingles in the Placa de Catalunya and the journey from there to the Airport took 40 minutes not the 20 minutes that I was advised by the hotel. Bear in mind that this may take longer in high season/at weekends especially if you live your life like the White Rabbit..........  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>wehodavid
<Content>Definitely Does NOT Live up to Expectations After staying a week in Madrid at the Intercontinental Hotel, I was really looking forward to visiting Barcelona for two days and staying at the Axel Hotel. This boutique hotel advertises itself as Hetero-Friendly and as such markets itself to the gay community. I arrived mid-afternoon with my roll-aboard bag and noticed the stairs inside the front door of the lobby. Hmmm. No ramp. Ok, so it's not exactly ADA compliant but, hey, we're in Spain not the U.S. So check- in goes quickly and I'm off to my room. I open the door and immediately smell the odor of mildew. Not good. I shut the door and call the front-desk. The hotel is booked and there are no other rooms. Hmmm. Ok, so I open the balcony doors. At least I can let in some fresh air. I check out the bathroom. The room itself is one open room divided by the glass-walled jacuzzi bathtub/shower. I notice the mold growing on the perforated ceiling of the bathroom. That's where that smell is coming from! So, I take a shower after my afternoon of travel and notice that there is a large pool of water on the bathroom floor afterward. It seems the short glass partition on the side of the tub isn't long enough to contain the water splashing out of the shower. So I throw a towel down to soak up the puddle. I begin to notice the little things at this point. Doors not aligned, screws missing, wallpaper peeling, dirty marks on the walls. It is apparent that this hotel USED to be quite modern and chic. However, it's showing it's age and isn't well kept. I checked out the rooftop Spa/Pool/Gym. The pool is tiny though I didn't select this hotel for that. The Gym is inadequate though again I didn't select this hotel for that either. I didn't get the chance to try the restaurant/bar since there were so many good restaurants in the area. The one thing this hotel has going for it is its location. It's an easy walk to the metro and many sites. One of the other annoyances is that to book this hotel, you must pre-pay for at least one night. This is far from industry-norm. As for value, I paid the same rate for this hotel as I did at the Intercontinental in Madrid the previous nights. If the Interconti was 5-star, the Axel rates 1-star.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	-1	1	

<Author>aggcardiff
<Content>Imagine staying in a gay club... This hotel is perfectly fine - ultimately it does what it says on the box. It's nicely designed, has some great design touches and a lot to offer. It's well located for a gay time of it, and a little walk if you are staying there to see areas beyond the gaixample. Everything does feel a little smaller than suggested - the pool / chill out area is tiny, but it does look lovely. I stayed here with my partner and although everything was fine, I wouldn't stay there again. I'm perfectly happy to indulge in a bit of 'scene' visiting every now and then, but this was a little too in your face. It contains everything that s good and bad about the gay scene in general and if you're not particularly into the whole club / bar culture, it might leave you a bit cold. Ultimately, I found it slightly predatory of ambience and a tad, unnecessary. Barcelona is a hugely gay-friendly city and other hotels offer better value / location than this one, with the option of dipping into the scene as and when you want.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>richeyint
<Content>Very nice hotel Staff can sometimes be pretentious but a few of them are great. The tall tanned boy in the restaurant makes the difference.The rooms are not very big but very comfortable.Just misses a desk to work. There is a small table.Great shower. The balcony of our room could be accessed from 2 rooms which can be uncomfortable.Great pool scene. Breakfast is +++  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>timlikesfood
<Content>overpriced, stuffy atmosphere We originally booked 3 nights in a standard room at the Axel with the expectation that we would really enjoy the hotel. We ended up hating it so much that we checked out after one night.Rooms:Way too small for the price. Plain, unappealing decoration. Bathroom barely big enough to turn around in. Our view was to the back and all we could see was the building next to us.Staff:Only as pleasant as they were required to be. Not particularly helpful when asked for suggestions for dinner/activities/etc...Rooftop:This is probably the best part of the hotel... although the pool is really small. Nice hot tub, steam and sauna.We are planning a return trip to Barcelona next year, and we will not stay at Axel again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>peter07043
<Content>Pleasant, but overrated We had a very pleasant stay at the Axel, but after hearing such great things about this hotel for so long, perhaps our expectations were too high. The building is beautiful, the front desk staff top-notch, the location is perfect, the rooms are very clean, and there's free bottled water for the guests. We also had a very good rate. However, the roof deck is very small, the pool is tiny and shallow (not really a 'pool' at all), the bar on the roof was closed the entire time of our stay, the our room was very small with hardly any room to place of clothes/luggage. We were a little disappointed, but we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Luv2TravelSunnyvale
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Axel. We are a 50-something gay couple from California that recently stayed at the Axel Hotel for 3 nights this past September, on our first trip to Barcelona. We used the reviews on tripadvisor in order to select this particular hotel, and were a bit concerned that the Axel might be a little too hip for our rather conservative/retiring tastes. It was not. We were also aware of previously expressed negative comments regarding service and quality of rooms. Again, at least in our experience, these criticisms seem unfounded. The staff were uniformly pleasant, efficient, and helpful, and our standard room on the 5th floor was in excellent shape, clean, and quite satisfactory. Our room faced the street-side, which is our preference, and did allow some street noise to enter the room, but it was not enough to be of concern to us. The room included both slippers and terry-cloth robes, as well as regularly replenished toiletries, towels, etc...The glassed-in shower was large, with beautiful Euro-style fixtures/hardware. And as mentioned in a few previous posts, the bed was unusually comfortable. On the downside there were not enough resting places for luggage: a folding luggage rack would have been helpful. We had to pay nightly for Wifi in our room (6 Euro per night), but the access speed was very quick (much faster than our home DSL uplink). We ate one night at the hotel's restaurant and were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and friendly service. (We had the mushroom-cheese risotta and Argentine steak which were both delicious.) It surprises me that more people do not mention how nice the roof-top lounge area is with pool, hot-tub, exercise room (with treadmill, free-weights, weight-machine, etc...), sauna, steam room, and inviting lounging areas. A few quibbles here: the hot-tub is a bit small and shallow, and as mentioned elsewhere the pool is just for dipping - sufficient for cooling off after a nice sauna. One other unexpected surprise was the enjoyment we obtained from meeting with our fellow travellers at this hotel: a mixed, interesting, and congenial group, (this based on just a couple of communications we made). A few other pluses: our plumbing, air-conditioning, the elevator, were all in good working order; early wake-up call and taxi-arrangements to the airport - all without incident. (An aside regarding laundromats: the ones we were directed to were several long blocks away from the hotel and of only mediocre quality. If you are doing a multi-city trip as we did, it may be easier to get your self-service laundry done elsewhere.) Unless we hear of a better hotel in Barcelona for gay couples, we definitely will be staying here on our next visit.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cfmjust
<Content>Should become a standard Always weary when it comes to such hotels as they have a tendency to be a pink euro rip off but the Axel should become a standard setter in terms of friendliness and competence of its staff as well as the quality of its rooms and services. Breakfast was very good, dinner excellent value for money. A couple of minor recommended improvements: better sound proof the hotelroom doors and somehow restrict the view from the whirlpool to the little gym, the staring by people from the whirlpool can be a bit annoying. Otherwise we'd highly recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KildareBradley
<Content>Disappointing Have stayed at the Axel a number of times and while it is a beautiful hotel in a great location it is a little expensive. I have no issue paying for quality, luxury and service but we were dissappointed to notice that on each visit the level of customer service was detoriating. One could be forgiven for believing that the staff were in fact the paying guests and the atmosphere was not friendly or welcoming, their attitude best described as rude in fact. The facilities on the roof terrace were not open and on enquiry we were treated as though we were an irritation.We wrote to the director of the Axel to advise of our view and opinion and received no acknowledgement or response. Barcelona is beautiful city that i would recommend highly and the people are great but honestly I would recommend staying at a Hotel where the staff actually want you and welcomes you as a guest. Will give the Axel a miss on our next trip to Barcelona!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	3	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>batw
<Content>Great Hotel. I love staying at ths hotel. Close to city centre with easy connections to the airport and all tourist attractions. Professional and friendly staff. Rooftop pool, Hot tub (which stays open unofficially all night) + sauna and Steam room. Modern decor, nice restaurant, free internet. Each floor has fridge for unlimited free supply of chilled waterOk, the down side ? Rooms are not big, but are adequate. No mini-bar. Pool is a plunge pool, so budding Olympic swimmers be warned ! The Hotel is pricey in high seson, but remember it's the only hotel of its kind in the city.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TravellerNow
<Content>The Best Starting with the excellent Web site to the final checkout of the hotel - all was professional and memorable. A great value in the centre of Barcelona and the best 'straight friendly' hotel we've ever stayed at... Try to get one of the corner rooms with the glassed in miniterrace - very charming spot to have your breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Edf1020
<Content>Axel Hotel was Great! I just returned from a 2 night stay at this great hotel. Located in the Eixample area of Barcelona, you can walk to most of the major sights in the city center. Plus, Barcelona has an excellent subway system with stops near the hotel. Of the four hotels I stayed at in Spain on this trip, incuding another much more expensive 4 star one in Barcelona, this was my favorite. Great location, clean, airy rooms, the most comfortable bed and large bathroom were all appreciated. I booked a standard single (has a king size bed). They gave me one on the corner, so my bathroom had a tub, not just a stand up shower. And the soundproof doors opened up to a small juliet balcony overlooking the street. I liked the open shelving/closet in the room. I thought it provided more room than the airmoires some European hotels offer. The little touches made a big difference here too. A refrigerator on each floor stocked with cold water for whenever you wanted. Two sets of bath amenities in the bathroom. Extra large and soft towels for both the bathroom and the pool. Large, fluffy pillows for the bed...The staff was all very helpful, especially at the front desk. And the service at breakfast was the most attentive and quickest I had all trip. Maybe not a big thing for everybody, but I loved that they served you a pot of coffee, rather than just one cup at a time!The rooftop pool and bar were also quite nice. The pool is small (there's also a hot tub and small, but quite adequate, gym), but they loungechairs and views are wonderful. It's a great spot to meet friends for a drink at the end of the day. When I come back to Barcelona, this is the only hotel I will stay at and I have already recommended it many of my friends.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>islandboi
<Content>Nice Hotel I was in Spain for 3 weeks with my boyfriend, we traveled all over, through the north, central, south and to Menorca.The Axel was a wonderful relief!!!! The rooms were nice and the beds and linens the nicest, most comfertable we had in Spain. The rooftop pool is a little small - like a pond really, but better than nothing. The gym is kind of pointless, I thought. A few free weights. The location is good and thank god...the hotel is smoke free! It was quiet too - I was worried about noisy guys coming in at all hours...it was not crowded, in fact, rather dead, so that could be why..but I was glad, I wanted to rest and sleep. The windows are double glass and block out all street noise.I do wish they would have had a fridge in the rooms. They have a cooler stuffed with water in the halls, but I (although I used it) found it wasteful - all those plastic bottles being used and tossed when the tap water is safe and fine.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JT88
<Content>Great hotel - a little pricey but would stay again.       View from our city-view room.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Enjoys_Relaxing
<Content>Excellent alternative option A conference trip brought me recently to Barcelona, and I had the utmost difficulty finding accommodation that is fairly priced that is close to downtown. The Axel is close to a subway station and is walkable to the downtown shopping and pedestrian zone (about 15 minutes). The bus from the airport stops also rather close to the hotel which makes walking with suitcases relatively easy.The room is clean, of decent size, although my shower doesn't drain well and I had to turn off the water supply every 2 minutes to let the water drainThe ample supply of bottled water is a bonus after a long day out.The staff is very nice and helpful.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>piboBelgium
<Content>We had a great time! The axel is certainly not the place to stay if you're on a budget and it is true that it is a bit overpriced. Nevertheless, we enjoyed our stay very much, our overall feeling is that the place is worth the money and we will consider to stay in the axel again. Most members of the staff were really nice and very helpfull and gave us great tips for restaurants, shops and partying. The guests consist of various types of people (young, older, european, american, male and female) and we liked that. The atmosphere in the hotel is certainly nicer then in a mainstream hotel and the rooftopterrace is great. Because of both reasons you may probably spend more time in the hotel then you usually do during city trips. The gym is small but there are sufficient free weights for a good workout. The breakfast was really expensive but still a good option if you want something more then churros or a croisant in the morning. Note that the receptionist tried to overcharge us more then 100 EUR when we were checking out for roomservice and breakfasts that were already paid for. I'm sure that this was an accident but do check your bill before you leave....  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>altitudegroup
<Content>Great location, good value Lesbian friendly the Axel Hotel is in a great part of town. Close to the metro and some very fine bars and restaurants. Staff were very friendly and the hotel is stylish, modern and clean. Each floor has a fridge with complimentary bottles of water - nice touch. The rooms are not huge but good enough and the bathrooms are spacious. Try and get a room on the inside courtyard (not a courtyard at all but takes you off the noisy street side). The drag show on Thursday night was outstanding. Only downside is they have a minimum drink order per person of $10 - seemed a little excessive given we were staying in the hotel for several days. I'd prefer to have paid a covercharge! The breakfasts are great but pricy. Better to head to a local eatery and save the cash. A must do just down the road is the Flauta Restaurant and Bar - best Tapas and friendliest service we had in Barcelona (overall everywhere in Barcelona is friendly, but this was a standout). I would stay here again and look forward to it....and I didn't even try out the spa or pool.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ProtonVehiCROSS
<Content>A nice but overpriced gay hotel Pros:- Great location central to all the gay bars -- there are at least 6-10 within a 1 block radius- Neighborhood feels fairly safe even at night- Exterior and lobby are great- Free bottled water on every floor- Hotel staff and other guests are friendly and it seemed easier to meet people in this hotel than in your typical Sheraton-type brownbag hotelCons:- Rooms are small and fairly clean but not as nice as what the Web site would lead you to believe -- some peeling paint, cracks, and other signs of deterioration are evident- Shower is one of the tiniest I have used- Cost was very high for Barcelona at 鈧?65 per night in February 2008- It鈥檚 a 20-40 minute walk to most of Barcelona鈥檚 other major attractions along the waterfront; other attractions such as Sagrada Familia are probably a too far to walk it- Internet is not freeOverall:- A very good if overpriced hotel and I would stay here again  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>AirlineGuyNYC
<Content>Location, location ! Small rooms, VERY limited storage space. No place to put your suitcase and leave it so you can open it. Reception staff is adequate but not overly welcoming, but they do their job. Great roof deck and views, but I would imagine the tiny pool is packed. Great location, easy walking to everything central in BCN. As long as they don't get carried away with prices, good place to stay if you don't mind the tiny rooms. Breakfast pricing was outrageous, so walk across the street in the morning for a coffee and croissant which is about a 10th of what hotel breakfast would cost you.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>g109
<Content>Is this the greatest hotel in the world? Yes and no! This is certainly one of my favourite places to stay and I would return to this hotel every time I travel to Barcelona, that is of course, if I could afford it. Let's start with the negative points. The hotel is way overpriced for what it offers. The rooms are basic and maintenance is a real issue. What was bright and shiny before does not remain so for long without excellent cleaning and good maintenance, both of which were not in attendence. The corners of the rooms do not look like they have been cleaned in months and there's very obvious wear and tear on the fittings in the room. There are some special offers that make the hotel more attractive but overall for the facilities it offers, it is definitely overpriced. That said, this *is* certainly the best thought-through and considered hotels I have ever stayed at. The location is great, in a very nice part of town, minutes from the metro and the Aerobus stop coming from the Airport (get off at Unversitat/Universidad). The staff are all superb, nothing is ever too much trouble and they are always eager to help out. It is thoroughly refreshing to stay in a gay-oriented hotel, right down to the free packs of condoms in the bathrooms. The beds are extremely comfortable and the free water in the hallways very welcome, although it might be more environmentally beneficial to offer larger bottles to save wastage. I chose not to eat breakfast in the hotel, there's a cafe across the street that offers croissant and cafe solo for EUR2.35 and one further down that is even cheaper. The roof is superb and the jacuzzi open 24 hours a day. Yes, the Axel has problems, and there is no way I could justify paying their rates to stay here on every visit to Barcelona, with lower rates available occasionally through their website, this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	2	5	3	5	

<Author>rgehring
<Content>Great Gay Friendly Hotel in Barcelona Great hotel, nice location, clean rooms with comfortable beds. Were there for a pre-cruise visit, and really enjoyed it. Expensive, but we thought it was worth it. Great help at front desk too, and they all spoke perfect english.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Terrell_msp
<Content>Loved this place, will return Stayed here for 5 nights over the US Thanksgiving weekend. Very modern decor. Acceptable workout room on the top floor and business center with a couple of computers. Has wireless available in room for an extra 6 euros per day.Normally I don't like to dine in hotel restaurants in the evening; however, I was tired from travel the first night and did from a seat at the bar. The food was excellent, had a great spinach and pear salad and risotto. Bar staff was very friendly.Room was spacious with king size bed and small flat screen TV, decent size closet, bath was shower, no tub.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>jetflex
<Content>unattentive bar staff, possibly asleep Hotel is clean. The reception service is excellent as is the room cleaning service. Personally, I would avoid the bar . The service here was slow and the staff disinterested. Though, the bar manager tries his best. But overall the hotel provides well above average accomodation with a great atmosphere. Rooms at the front of the hotel can get street noise escpecially at weekends, so if that worries you ask the reception staff to get you a quiet room.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>JEWalker
<Content>Relaxing, classy experience for couple from Atlanta, GA USA My partner and I stayed at the Axel Hotel in Barcelona during a quick European visit during Thanksgiving and really enjoyed our stay. We've been together for ten years so would rather a quant hotel with comfortable settings than a social scene. During our staff (off season), the hotel exceeded our expectations. The room was small but comfortable with a small balcony that overlooked the neighborhood. The bathroom products were great as was the complimentary access to bottled water on each floor, which was always stocked and ready for the use of guests. The hotel is located in good area that's convenient to night life, dining, shopping and the sights. The staff was attentive, professional and courteous. Our next trip is to Buenos Aires and we plan to try to Hotel Axel based on our experience in Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bingley2
<Content>The best gay hotel ever! We would recommend this hotel to any discerning, cosmopolitan gay man out there.Everything about the place oozes quality and meets the needs of gay men.From the stylish rooms, to the rooftop bar/ spa area to the hot talent on view.The only place we would consider staying when visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>henryspain
<Content>my new favourite hotel in barcelona I stayed in the Axel only one night in a single room, check in was freindly and quick, the room was spacious and well decorated and very clean, bathrooms with all amenities you may need. The breakfast and dinner were both excellent. I cant think about anything wrong about this place. Oh maybe one thing, why is in the special lodging section on tripadvisor? I think it should be on the top of the barcelona hotels list. It is much better than many straight 5 star hotels in barcelona. GO THERE  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twah
<Content>Good Gay Hotel, A Little on the Expensive Side After trying several other hotels a few days in advance of our stay I went on Priceline and found the Hotel Axel. There were no special deals for it and it ended up costing 259 Euro for three of us. The accomodations were very nice and ultra modern. The staff was friendly and helpful..Our room had a balcony on the street side. It was a little noisy with the windows open but when closed we really didn't notice the street noise. There was air conditioning so you could close the windows and turn on the air. Everything was a la carte in terms of additional services: 6Euro for wifi, 3 Euro for a small container of ice. The restaurant prices were comparable to those outside the hotel.There was a nice roof top bar and swimming pool which were not open due to the time of year. The hot tub was open and was nice. There was a small gymOther than the high price which was similar to all the other hotels in the same 3 star category, I would have no reservation recommending the hotel to someone.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gbk
<Content>great hotel - stay here! Well I read the reviews before booking and I can just say that gay guys are tough customers! All those little things in the reviews are tiny things that sure could be better - but overall its a great quality hotel..and best of all its gay.Its not a 5 star hotel but its great - extremely clean, very friendly staff who went out of the way to help with everything, nice rooms with terrace overlooking street, great jacuzzi and steam on rooftop, very convenient location to both gay and tourist sights.Beds are super large and comfortable, yes the clothing rack is a rack and not a closed cupboard (can this seriously ruin your time in Barcelona!) and yes the shower door doesnt go right across the shower and some water gets on the floor - but you have a mat to put on the floor and your room gets cleaned every day - so does this really matter so much?!As for the guys saying there are men looking for sex here - well it is gay hotel! But if you are in your room with the door closed - how would you know what is happening outside your room!!! I saw a few guys giving smiles and eye contact - but nothing more than you get on the streets outside! There were straight couples here when I stayed and gay guys with straight friends staying too - everyone was super friendly and relaxed. It is a little bit expensive for what it is - maybe should be a bit cheaper but overall I had a great stay for 5 nights, met friendly guys, walked to the gay bars, enjoyed the terrace on the roof, and slept wonderfully in the bed and with the 3 curtains that block out all the sun in the morning.And finally yes its a busy streets outside, but look around you. It is Barcelona! Everyone lives on a busy street here, its city life and thats what is part of amazing Barcelona.So book here and enjoy your time in Barcelona ;-)  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CelticTigerDublin
<Content>Excellent Setup, Replace the staff Excellent stay. Clean, unobtrusive, Ultimately gay. This could very easily be a four star hotel. Expect to pay a premium for the pink pound.As an aside, the small rooms are small. The superior rooms have an open plan bathroom/bedroom. So, either share with someone you know really well or don't take a dump all weekend.Barcelona is such a vibrant city and the hotel has such a fantastic location that you can walk out the front door and be in most of the places worth seeing in less than half an hour's walk. (Walk everywhere or you will miss out). So, the small rooms are not a problem.The service is up its own ass. Lethargic to say the least, almost argumentative.I have a few quid now and I like to stay five star on my first visit to a city. (I have spent Summers living in a tent) .My feeling is that you pay to stay gay. If you're single and restless, hang out in the lift.I've heard that Madrid has a better city buzz. Next time.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rebus03
<Content>Great option This hotel was probably one of the better gay hotels I've stayed at in Europe. The rooms were very well decorated, the amenities in the room were great. I loved the fact that they had free bottled water just outside the room. The bar was fun. The hot tub upstaris was also quite relaxing. complimentary internet in the lobby was a grea feature. My only complaint would be was that when I went, the front desk was understaffed. I stayed a while back (several months ago), so they mav have addressed the problem by now. Basically, there was only one person at the front desk in the afternoon, and we had to wait for 20 minutes to ask him to call a cab for us and take our bags, since he was attending other customers. Also, when he did call the cab, it never arrived when we were leaving a few hours later. But other than that, the hotel was great and I would recommend staying here.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisois
<Content>My 4th Time Staying This was my 4th time staying at Hotel Axel, and am still very happy and pleased with my overall experience. This time I was traveling with 4 other gay friends. It was their first time to Barcelona and they wanted to be in the heart of the gay district. While other hotels may offer a better value, I have not found one with a great rooftop gay bar, weekly drag show and amazing air conditioning!Staff was very friendly and helpful, room was very clean and well kept.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beetleman
<Content>Quite the gay scene       Room - First angle  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rbcn
<Content>never again- hugely overpriced i suggested the axel hotel for some friends visiting me from abroad. When they checked into the suite, they had various comments regarding the lack of thought in this hotel. i checked out their room, as i felt bad for suggesting it. i have worked for an airline for 18 years, so i have a bit of insight on all ranges of hotels. After seeing the place, i would NOT suggest that anyone pays these over-inflated prices - there are many better options in barcelona at half the price.the Suite had an open plan bathroom, which was nice. but the toilet had no door, so you had to hear everyone on the loo - unacceptable. The showers DO NOT have thermostatic controls, why - they cost marginally more?the wardrobe is cheap chrome, open air and ugly. so you are faced with seeing your clothes and suitcases during your entire stay. one of the friends was on medication needing refrigeration, they DO NOT have fridges or minibars or tea coffee making facilities - unacceptable. they have the cheapest, nastiest flat tv that sticks out of the wall. on top of that, and yet even worse, you get a cheap samsung stereo with huge ugly speakers that hang either side of the bed. surely an afterthought in that orange wood colour. all in all, it feels like a cheap conversion with fake wood floors and substandard fittings. some of the lighting was interesting, though was very home-made and will date quickly.my friends returned to the Axel after a stay in Ibiza, this time they stayed in a deluxe room, which was as above, but with a bathroom with a door.They also commented that the staff were unfriendly, did not know anything about the local gay area, and were generally uninterested in their guests. (they could rarely get a taxi, and were not helped to find one)i also noticed they must use half of the power grid on lighting the guest hallways, it is truly painful lighting and shopping mall like design. though i loved the bottles of chilled water on every floorwhat more can i say, i will never suggest that anyone stays here. rl, bcn  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Red_Turtle
<Content>I enjoyed the stay very much Axel advertises itself as a gay hotel, and the clientele did seem to be mostly gay men (of all ages). However, it is in a quiet but very central location in the city, and the hotel is comfortable enough to suit most open-minded travellers. It is just 10-15 minutes' walk away from the main hustle and bustle of Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya, and there are quite a few gay bars and restaurants within one or two blocks of the hotel. The staff are also very friendly and helpful.Sure, I have to admit that the reception area seemed small and the decor at the entrance didn't grab my attention straight away. But the room was simply but stylishly furnished, and there were plenty of unusual and pleasantly surprising touches (such as the unlimited free bottles of chilled water on each floor, and complimentary packs of condoms among the designer toiletries in the bathroom!)The rooftop terrace seemed to be a focal point for many of the guests. There were a jacuzzi/hot tub, a swimming pool, a small gym, sundeck, and a rooftop bar serving drinks and cocktails. On a nice summers day, it was very easy to meet and chat with other travellers, and the atmosphere was friendly and relaxed. On different nights of the week, there were various events and the rooftop bar became a stylish drinking venue for non-hotel-guests as well. The hotel also had a restaurant on the ground level, which other hotel guests highly recommended (although I didn't get to dine there).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>danielhenrie
<Content>A great hotel This is a really terrific hotel. If only all gay--and heterosexual friendly--hotels were this nice. The staff was consistently friendly, helpful, and attentive. Everyone from the guys at the front desk to the bartenders and waiters gave great suggestions of things to do.The room I had was the smallest they had, but perfect for one person. It smelled of cigarettes, even though it was a non-smoking room. Beyond that, everything was idea. As others have said, the bed is amazingly comfortable. The bathroom is well designed and the storage unit is ingenious in its efficiency. The room is minimalist, with a small television. The wireless Internet worked perfectly and I loved the free water in the hallway.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>stany_boyDublin
<Content>Expensive for what you get We stayed there for 3 nights. The hotel is in a nice quiet area near all the gay bars and clubs. The hotel was extremely expensive for what you go, over 鈧?00 per night. Reception were indifferent to us as guests, we did not enjoy the interaction with Staff. Also breakfast was very expensive at 鈧?0 for 2. They also charge for WiFi access @ 鈧? per day. You could do a LOT better for what we payed for e.g. Hotel 1898. We would not stay there again. Young couple (23) from Ireland.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>John013
<Content>Loves the location This hotel is in the heart of the GayEixample, the front desk is excellent, and there is FREE Internet terminals.The service at the Restaurant and Bar is the only area where this hotel needs to improve, there is no discipline and the staff ignore clients arriving wanting a table.The cuisine is great but the service is not Rooms are OK, maintenance is a problem area, knocks and bumps are not repaired, plumbing in the bathroom is not fixed, small things but important.There is a small pool and jacuzzi with sauna and gym and sun terrace, this is great to chill if you have a later flight and need to soak up the sun.This hotel is NOT good vaslue for money it is expensive for what it offers, there are~more economical options available.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ferrelled
<Content>Out and proud First, I agree with Jet-Setter-SF completely.My partner and I stayed for 4 nights over Easter weekend.Greatest part of it all: the staff. While it would be complimentary to say they were responsive, it goes beyond that. They actually initiated contact and it was always pleasant even though our Catalan and Spanish was non-existent. And none of them is hard to look at either.Breakfast was ample and dinner was well-presented.Because the hallways are tiled rather than carpeted, they are dynamic and noisy. The gym is very small and minimaly equipped but arrangements are available with Holmes Place.Being about a 20 minute walk from La Rambla and wholly walkable to a number of gay venues makes a great location and we never waited more than a few minutes to catch a taxi right outside even though it was a holiday weekend.We will definitely stay here the next time but opt for a regular, street-facing room rather than the deluxe room with the stained glass balcony. Oh, and will prefer the separate bath more than the stylish one. The most comfortable hotel bed ever - bar one.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SoutheastAsiaSusan
<Content>Great for gays - would stay there again! We stayed at the Axel Hotel for three nights from 26-28 February. We booked the 3x2 nights offer (stay for three nights for the price of two) Standard Patio View Room. If you expect to see a garden you're going to be disappointed - the view was of other people's apartments, where they hang their laundry to dry.The room is a bit small, making storage a problem, and there isn't a bath tub like in most other three star hotels. But we loved the bed, which was very nice and comfortable. We also liked the flat screen TV and the streo player in the room not to mention all of the amneties provided by the hotel such as bathrobes, sandals, cotton buds, shoe horn, etc. But what we liked most was the free flow of cold bottled water kept at the hallway of each floor.The staff was very friendly, and they try to help, although when we asked for direction of a famous sauna not too far away from the hotel they gave us the wrong address, which resulted in extra cab fares.Overall, this is a very nice hotel for gays, and the location is quite close to many gay venues. The guest policy is nice, allowing you to bring friends up to your room without any questions asked. We would definitely stay there again if we were to come to Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leisureboy
<Content>Faded star needs a face lift My partner and I stayed here in February 07 and were generally satfisfied with the experience but not blown away. We were entirely decadent and went for the Suite Axel. A larger top floor room with two balconies looking out to the main street with excellent city views. Living room with modern decor, milky white wood floors, funky orange retro swivel chairs, chaise lounge and complementary computer with internet, flat screen tv. Pocket doors separate a minimalist bedroom with very comfortable king bed, lush linens. Open concept bathroom with separate spa tub and shower, locker room feeling with custom shelving along an entire wall with excellent storage and areas to hang things. Despite all of this, there was really a lack of (dare I say) drama you would expect with a signature room and particularly a gay-identified hotel. Where's the attention to detail?? The furniture was a worn, wall paper coming off at places, chipped paint on moulding, grout stains in bathroom and stained painted walls. This faded factor was also seen in the lobby with chipped floor tile, worn fabric on furniture, cigarette burns on furniture and generally lacking an ultra hip feeling. On the postive end, excellent location in gayxample with easy and safe walking distance to many hip restaurants and gay bars/clubs, major destinations. Easy 20 Euro cab ride from the airport. Staff were professional, pleasant and multilingual. The lounge/restaurant offered excellent martinis with clubby background music and a good breakfast buffet. Very well received drag show Shimai Show at the hotel. Guests were mostly gay varied ages and nationalities. At 279 Euros/night, would expect more luxurious accomodations. There is heavy competiton in this city for luxury boutique hotels. She needs a face lift to bring back the faded star. Would stay again only for the gay-affirming environment.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	5	5	

<Author>Jet-Setter-SF
<Content>Regular rooms are OK, but avoid the "Superior" rooms Hotel Axel bills itself as a hetero-friendly hotel. Indeed, I was in Barcelona for a conference and there were many hetero's there who had no idea it was really a gay hotel -- that is until they got to their room and found the large artwork of a naked guy on the wall. Quite amusing actually. Nonetheless, the staff treated them well, as far as I could tell.Still, the hotel is definitely designed for a the gay traveler on holiday. It is not set up for business travelers, but provides a comfortable bed in a convenient part of town. (WiFi was relatively inexpensive though -- 6 euros for 24 hours. And they had to PCs available for checking email, etc., for free.)On the positive side: the location, the very comfortable beds, the free bottles of water, and of course the gay-friendly atmosphere. The restaurant served good food at a fairly reasonable price, and room service was generally good, for someone ordering in English and not Catalan or Spanish. The breakfast buffet was bigger than expected. During my February visits, the roof deck amenities (pool, jacuzzi, gym, etc.) were too cold to enjoy, but looked like a great place to hang out in warm weather.On the negative side, the rooms were very spartan and on the small side. The double, city-view room had a nice balcony, but otherwise was small and lacking in storage and surfaces on which to put things. The wire-rack storage system (shown in room photos on the web site) is clearly a cost-saving measure and lacking in functionality. There were few surfaces on which to put things, such as a glass of water, a wallet, coins, etc. Also on the negative side, they say the rooms are sound proof, and indeed the windows are effective at blocking street noise. However, every small sound from the corridor seems to be amplified by the hallway and is loudly transmitted through the door to the room.We stayed one night a second time a week later in a Superior Room, which had a beautiful stained glass-enclosed balcony. Lovely to look at, but not well integrated into the room. In fact, the entire Superior room was poorly laid out and had a poorly designed bathroom. (Very poor feng shui!) All my bathroom pet peeves were there: 1) no door on the shower or bathroom, meaning steam permeated the entire room; 2) glass wall between the shower and bedroom (sexy when I was younger, but annoying now); and 3) no ventilation. All in all the Superior Room was not worth the extra money over the city-view double.Other details: TV had only two English language channels. The pay-per-view selection was limited and extremely dated. The restaurant is nice and knew how to make a good martini -- rare for that part of the world. The staff was pleasant and all spoke fluent English. I would go back, but would not splurge on the Superior room.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Rodolphe
<Content>Location and nice staff Have stayed at the Axel on Jan 19  20 for the first time and must say it was a great experience. Location is perfect as it is within walking distance to all major sights and shopping areas. Rooms are comfortable, mattrasses insured a good night sleep.Lobby and restaurant very stylish and staff is extremely helpful. Will definetely be back.Rolf, Paris, France  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>pat_dub_1
<Content>Great location, Great staff, Little overpriced in the restaurant. Just returned from a Christmas stay the Axel, Having stayed there several times over the past year I cannot say anything bad about the location and staff in this hotel. It is the perfect location as a base for a Gay Stay in Barcelona, right in the middle of the Gay scene but only a 5 minute walk to La Ramblas, the rooms are bright and cheerful and the reception/ bar area is a great place to meet fellow travelers. The one complaint I would have about this place is the Comedor de Axel (the hotel restaurant) Myself and my fellow travelers felt more that a little ripped off in this area. It was the only restaurant where the starters were twice the size of the main course (a portion of steak was about the size of a medium tomato) not to mention that the price for 3 courses is about 鈧?5 a head, which is about twice the local average. All in all if your Gay its THE place to stay but there are a lot of equally as good hotels in the area for about two thirds of the price. But it is worth the experience.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>wesbeach
<Content>MOST comfortable beds and pillows EVER I stayed 6 nights at the Axel and it was a great experience the staff was fantastic and helpfull and the room spacious and comfy, its really a great value and i must mention the most incredibly comfortable beds ive ever sleeped on.over a great trip and location is central! bars and restaurants and cafes all around and 2 metro stops 3, 4 blocks away each. couldnt have been better!!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>guyinsocali
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location, Friendly Staff       Closet Space  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Shammysheep
<Content>Classy Comfort and Impeccable Service in the Heart of Gay Friendly Barcelona       Axel Hotel's Roof-Top Deck  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>trueblueother
<Content>Top Class! I regularly visit Barcelona and eventually decided to try the Axel - having had fairly middle-of-the-road experiences of other gay hotels in this beautiful city. This is like no other gay hotel - it's absolutely Top Class. Friendly, professional staff in all areas; clean; the roof area (Sky Bar, jacuzzi, tiny pool, etc) is fabulous. The rooms are really good - although I'll echo other comments about the slight lack of wardrobe space. I don't echo negative comments about the locality - it's slap bang in the middle of the Gay Eixample - which is the Georgian 'new town'. Once you know whether you're facing north or south, the grid-like layout of blocks is very easy to navigate. Anyway, you're on holiday - who cares about getting lost!!! I'm going back to the Axel for Christmas. Try it!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sanfrantraveler
<Content>Good location, nice staff, clean, but overpriced       Shower  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>minicooperdownunder
<Content>fantastic place to stay Stayed here for 4 nights from September 21, loved the place. Rooms are great and modern very minimal and maybe a little short of closet space and storeage, but that may depend on the room you are in. Great buffet breakfast downstairs and the cold bottled water on each floor is a great idea. The topfloor has a very small plunge pool, spa, exercise room, sauna, steamroom and bar. The location is pretty good although Barcelona can be a little confusing as the area the hotel is in has no real outstanding feature to guide you and all the intersections are theses little squares and the buildings that surround them are all a very similar achitectural style. It is a gay hotel and the staff is very helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sdjlg
<Content>If you're gay - stay here I was nervous about staying in a gay hotel (even being gay) but it was really a great experience. Although the clientele was mainly gay, it's relatively small and in a big city so you don't feel completely saturated by it. Located steps away from most of the gay life (bars, clubs, saunas) it's also really centrally located in Barcelona as well. The hotel itself is really well designed but not 5 star. More boutique style luxury. Rooms were really clean and modern with great beds, ample closet space, good bathrooms and many rooms have small terraces or window enclosed breakfast nooks overlooking the city (ask for one of these). The breakfast buffet every morning was extensive and delicious (and included). The staff all spoke English and were really nice and helpful (although for directions - use a map - I found myself lost the way they described how to get places and barcelona is a tricky city to navigate). There is a nice rooftop bar with great views and a tiny little pool (think big hot tub size) and a small weight room. The restaurant was nice and in the lobby but I didn't eat there. They have a small drag performance in the lobby one night a week but it's very tame and only gets a small crowd. Not really a hotel to meet people because it's a big city and there's no central gathering spot really, but on the mezzanine are two computers with free internet for guests to use (great feature) and you can meet ppl here as everyone is vying to get online. If you're gay and appreciate a modern design hotel, this is the place to be.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Club_Marin
<Content>Fantastic stay We stayed at the Axel for three nights, our stay was very comfortable, the staff extremely helpful in english and in french. The room was great, quiet, good AC and very clean. Cold bottled water and internet is provided for free, this is very appreciated. We had great suggestions for dinner. A very plesant stay.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AdventureGuru
<Content>Pleasant surprise I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Hotel Axel. I moved there from another hotel after enduring a terrible one-night stay in the Gothic Quarter. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel mainly caters to the gay community, but bills itself as hetero-friendly. I enjoyed the free bottled water in coolers on each floor. It's the small things that really count. Also, there was free internet, another plus. The rooms are very clean and stylish. Only a couple of minuses: There were no wash cloths in the bathroom and no alarm clocks. But, pack your own and everything will be fine. And on my last day there was no hot water. But, given how friendly and inviting the staff was to me I let this one slide. You won't be disappointed staying at Axel. Great location near La Rambla, nice amenities, etc makes this place a nice alternative to the crowded and noisy Gothic barrio. You can walk there in 10 minutes. Book early as this place is always full.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ElvisCole
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic service My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Axel in July 2006 for almost two weeks and had a really wonderful stay. First, the staff was, across the board, all excellent. From the patient front desk staff who all spoke English and had excellent knowledge of the city, to the wait staff that was super friendly to the housekeeping staff that kept our room in perfect shape for the entire stay. We had a third floor room on the street. We never had a problem with noise either from the street or from the hotel itself. It鈥檚 quiet enough to get a great night鈥檚 sleep and the optional black-out shade was a bonus for when we stayed out late and wanted some extra shut-eye.We also loved the rooftop deck. It鈥檚 a great place for hanging out and enjoying the sun and the plentiful eye candy. Yes, the pool is super tiny and not deep at all. But, it was still nice to jump in and cool off when laying out. The Jacuzzi is clean and nice, as are the steam room and sauna. Again, the service in the Sky Bar is excellent and the drinks yummy. The free Internet was really helpful and the free bottled water saved lots of money. Finally, the location of the hotel is great. It's 2 short blocks to the Universitat Metro station (with a good Starbuck's on the way). It's also just 5 blocks to Passeig de Gracia and restaurant / shopping paradise. It's right in the middle of the gay neighborhood so you don't have to go far for gay bars, clubs and restaurants. We loved the Axel and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravlinMan
<Content>All In All a Nice Hotel Checked in around 1am on a Monday. We'd made a three-day reservation because we weren't sure of our itinerery for the whole week. At check in, we asked about availability during the rest of the week if we decided to stay on. The desk clerk was very helpful. Although the hotel was booked through the weekend, he followed up and on the next night stopped us in the lobby to let us know he'd secured our room for the balance of the trip. It IS a pretty decent place. When we first arrived we were a bit put off by the rather spartan rooms and linoleum floors. The bed was nice however, and we had a room overlooking the street with french doors. The bathroom worked well enough, although the floor flooded with every shower because the shower door only closes across 2/3rds of the opening. The baseboards were pretty dirty, but all in all we thought the place was decently clean.Nicely located, just a few blocks from Las Ramblas -- about a 15 minute walk.The hotel was pretty empty on Monday, but by Wednesday things started to pick up and by Thursday and Friday it was full. Nice roof bar, pool and weight room with a sauna and steam. Complimentary computers on the mezzanine level. We checked out a few other hotels in the area while we were there, and decided that all in all this was a nice place for the money. Would I stay there again? Yes; however, if I go back I'm likely to try somewhere else just to get a different perspective -- and perhaps stay in a different part of the city.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AshNyc
<Content>Stylish Hotel with Exceptional staff Just back from a weekend at Axel Hotel in Barcelona.I found the staff EXCEPTIONALLY friendly, helpful, and actually good looking. Perfect English and very eager to help in anyway. The hotel itself is in a perfect location for any tourist, gay or straight. Most of the gay bars are within 5 blocks of the hotel. I was actually able to walk to many of the tourist attractions. It was a great way to see the city and do all the typical tourist things. I also noticed several heterosexual couples in the hotel who seemed perfectly at home. The hotel is very stylish and comfortable. The roof terrace--pool is not to be missed. Great chill out music, lots of sun, and lots of barely dressed sunbathers. I spent at least an hour up there everyday. Very relaxing to sit and have a cocktail or two on the roof after a day of sight seeing.The breakfast was very good, although possibly a bit overpriced at @12 euros. The room I had--a standard city view--was very comfortable and stylish. I would recommend having a patio view room because at night the streets are very loud with traffic and people running around til 3am, which makes it difficult if you need to have an early night.I noticed during my 3 night stay, the front desk staff, who I thought was exceptional, deal with guest after guest who reluctantly checked out wishing they could stay longer. And the best night I spent in Barcelona was when I took the suggestion of one of the staff as to how I should spend my last night in the city. I haven't had that much fun in a club since my twenties. (im 37 now). My least favorite aspect of staying at the hotel was the abundance of the gay Americans with --- attitudes.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tattoosydney
<Content>The most comfortable beds ever....       Superior Room  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Adambe
<Content>High on style - Low on Quality IMy partner and I stayed at the Axel a couple of years ago. We chose a superior room and the size and design was very good, although the materials used seemed to be on the cheap side to me. What really got to me was the arrogance of the staff. We arrived mid afternoon, only to be told our room would not be ready for another 45 minutes, a good 90 mins after the check in time they state. This would have been ok if they had at least extended an apology. However, all the staff seemed to do was swish around looking stylish and treating the guests as an irritation. Another irritation was that the breakfast was way too expensive about 13鈧?a head I think, there is a small caf茅 round the corner where we had the same breakfast for about 8鈧?for the two of us.Overall, stylish looking with a great rooftop pool, (gets a bit sleazy at night, if you like that sort of thing) although overall finishing feels cheap and tired.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>digbymax
<Content>A gay faulty towers at times! We telephone to confirm our room and arrived to be told it would not be ready as one of the cleaners was ill. We were told to come back in an hour. I had an appointment and wanted to have a quick shower, yet an hour later it was not ready, another 5 minutes which turned into 30!We had the first floor rooms, but were unable to sleep as the reception acted as an echo chamber which seemed to amplify the music and entering of guests into the reception. Needless to say, we were both tired, but could not sleep in as breakfast and the builders had started.We asked to move rooms and they were not surprised *we had been told that the first floor was quiet*. They obliged and the remainder of the holiday there went well allowing for the normal gay surcharge on drinks. The steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi were good and the room was spotless and clean.The free water bottles were a nice touch.On balance a reasonable hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTHeather
<Content>Great hotel - even for heteros! My husband and I stayed at Hotel Axel in November. We stayed in two other hotels in Barcelona, and this was by far our favorite. Staff was very helpful in pointing out attractions and also recommending great restaurants in the neighborhood. Gym is small, but has everything you'd need. Library has free Internet access. The restaurant in Hotel Axel was excellent. We dined there our last evening in Spain and were shocked at the culinary delights. Try it for more than breakfast.We did not feel out of place as heterosexuals in a gay hotel. Patrons were nice, staff was helpful, and the location is convenient. The rooftop bar and pool were off season when we were there, but I bet it's a fantastic time. Enjoy this modern hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Donnel
<Content>Nice Hotel My partner and I arerived at the Axel early in the morning off a cruise ship from Ft. Lauderdale We were very impressed by the pleasant staff who suggested we have breakfast in the restaurant whice our room was made ready. Our experiences in gay hotels have not been the best, but the Axel appeared to be a step above any of the others.We were taken to our room which was situated directly above the marque of the hotel with a nicel little balcony with an interesting view of the busy streets and the people passing by. The room was nice with a wonderful king-sized bed. The room was very clean and although the bathroom was lacking in storage space, by European standards, it was better than ok.The receptiion staff was very helpful in marking on the maps they gave us those places that we especially wanted to see in the two days we would be there.We tried the restaurant one night.. We knew the menu was not large but had some interesting light offerings which we wanted because our flight the next morning was at 6AM.Although it is somewhat over-priced, we enjoyed our stay at the Axel and made reservations for the end of October this year. We have recommended it to several friends who have also liked it.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TwoGirlsFromChicago
<Content>Reservation for 5 nights and checked out after just one night! Not sure where to begin but its all pretty negative. Us: 2 lipstick girls from the states, well travelled, mostly 5 star but will consider upscale gay establishments such as we did with the Axel. Love our gay brothers and accustomed to and tolerant of certain boyish behaviors.Situation: We arrive at the Axel and are met with the most foul smell (think sewer) which seems to permeate the entire hotel. The lobby is faux stylish and dirty. Our only hope is for at least a decent room. No chance there. As we head to our room, stepping off the elevator, I feel as though we have entered a bath house. Men in the hall with small towelsaround their waists, see us and scurry to their rooms and doors shut. I begin to realize that I am in big trouble w/ my partner now! The room itself continues the feel of dirt and grime. The floor is dirty and the bath tub has the most disgusting mold. I cannot believe how this property has come to be ranked the top gay hotel in the world. Oh well, we decide to make the best of it and head off to check out the neighborhood. While it doesn't qualify as a gay ghetto, there are far better locations in Eixample including those with better lighting and much better dining. So after tuckering ourselves out away from the Axel, we decide to return to the hotel and head to the roof top. BIG MISTAKE. Apparently, the rooftop at night is j/o time for the boys of the Axel. Not only were we made to feel incredibly uncomfortable as we raced for the elevator to get away but one of the men was actually quite rude in the elevator. Needless to say, this was not the place for us (or any women in our opinion). The next morning we began our task of finding more appropriate accomodations, ending up at the Majestic Hotel (a five star hotel in the nicer part of Eixample). Our room at the Majestic was gorgeous with a terrace overlooking Passeig de Gr脿cia, and only 50 more Euro per night than the Axel. We had a blast at this hotel as the gang from America's Next Top Model were also staying there and those boys were much more well-mannered.Bottom Line (no pun intended, really): I've read the reviews from others who claim that this hotel is het-friendly and a place you can bring Mom  Dad but beware if Mom decides to take a hike up to the roof top after dark. And whether you're gay or straight, cleanliness is cleanliness and this place is a dirty dump. Unless of course you're there to cruise.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RandBrad
<Content>Deceptive and dishonest. I was very excited about my stay here, and truthfully, there were things that we liked about this hotel. BUT BEWARE!!!! When using the online booking system, I did not notice that there was a tab for the number of people. NOWHERE in the pricing page does it indicate that the price is significantly different when two people are staying in the room (and it's not as though 2 people to a room is an unusual state of affairs.) I was staying with my partner, and upon check-in, the desk informed us that instead of 190 euros for the room we would be charged 240 euros. I found this to be an outrageous practice, but of course, who wants to arrive in a foreign city and start looking for a new hotel? What did we get for 240 euros? An adequate room with no view whatsoever (the patio view is another deception: the patio is a concrete pad at the bottom of the light court, and not a patio at all), and decent, but not overwhelming, amenities. In fairness, I will say that the rooftop pool and gym are very nice, albeit not as well kept as they could be.All in all, I would say that this is a 3 star hotel charging 5 star rates. It is a shame that gay travellers looking for a gay-oriented property can't find something of better value in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelent love nest for a long weekend in Barcelona We spent almost a week there before new year, 2005 and that was one of the best hotel experience we ever had in Europe. Its clean, lovely, cozy, modern design, freindly staff, kind clientele and very stlyish all together. It completely fits the need of an urban traveller.The hotel has just perfectly sized pool on the roof, its a shame its not heated, and has a jacuzzi which is heated (!), sauna and steam room. Its a great place to chill out after a long day spent in Barcelona, and also really close to some funky bars, and clubs so it is just the perfect location. Close to the underground station and not far from the La Ramblas. We had dinner once in the restaurant, and it was okay, they have a sort of short menu, and it is a bit fusion(ish) trying to be upmarket(ish) and even tough not as yummie as the dinner in La Paradeta in Born (the best seafood on the world) but decent, and nicely served. Barcelona is a great place to visit, and Axel hotel is the best choice to stay! It is not the cheapest tough, but treat yourself with a couple of days here, it worths it!  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dokanman
<Content>Stylish and different I've stayed here on half a dozen occasions now. The hotel is well located in the Eixample, a short walk from Passeig de Gracia, perfect for shopping. I booked the Axel suite at around $320E /night. The suite is quite comfortable, although not huge, it has a very functional sitting area with a small tv. The bathroom is a triumph of style over common sense. There isn't anywhere to put anything in the shower, and those glass screens present a bitof an assault course for getting to the loo.I surfaced at 1115, and asked for some breakfast downstairs to be told that it had finished. I wasn't expecting a full english but some yogurt, juice a pastry and maybe some fruit. Only coffee now was the response from the waiter.I have endless patience with all sorts of people, sadly I don't extend this this coutesy to affected waiters who can't be bothered to open a fridge when I'm paying $400Us/ 320E a night. After a word in the reception's ear breakfast appeared.It reminds me of an up market gay nightclub (think Roof Gardens on sundays in Kensington all those years ago) - stylish on the surface, catering predominantly to off duty flight attendants and hairdressers.Not worth the money unless than can sort out the service.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MatthewGreen
<Content>I love this Hotel! Simply the best gay hotel I have ever stayed in. We stayed in one of the superior rooms which was spacious, spotlessly clean, had an adorable balcony, jacuzzi bath, and unbelievably comfortable king bed.The overall design is very cool and trendy. The roof top pool/gym/spa area is wonderful. Unfortunately the Sky Bar was closed in March as it was still rather chilly at night. The staff are very friendly and full of helpful tips on where to go, what to see, and how to get there. I highly recommend the metro system. It is fairly cheap, very clean and very easy for tourists to use.I shall certainly be returning to this wonderful city and be staying at the Axel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dublin8
<Content>Straight-friendly: hotel with a classy attitude Excellent hotel: gay-oriented but straight-friendly, as their handsome website asserts in a nice challenge to good old-fashioned heteronormativity. And friendly it is: cool rooms, friendly helpful staff, nice city breakfast, great location in the heart of the Eixample, excellent food nearby. Lovely comfortable rooms, stayed in February so hard to know how much it heats up (literally and otherwise) in the summer. Very relaxed feel - nice for homosexualists and for straights with sense as well. 15mins walk to the Barri Gotic, Raval etc. Totally unlike the tatty mess that is sometimes directed towards gay tourists in other countries and other places.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrJ
<Content>Perfect for gay or straight       hotel  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ru1968
<Content>Fantastic hotel whether you're gay or straight! Just back from a week long first-time stay at the Axel and it was great. Excellent location, lovely room and immaculately clean. The Axel is a gay-oriented hotel, but this was so low key that it couldn't alienate anyone. The staff were really friendly, there was a decent restaurant and good limited room service. My room was in the middle-range in terms of size and was perfect, although I'm sure a smaller room would be OK for a shorter stay. The Axel is great value for money and a stylish and comfortable base for any stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wends80
<Content>Super Hotel We booked this hotel for over the Valentines period and where extremely pleased with our choice. We arrived early to checkin and the staff on reception were brill, giving us a map and giving suggestions as to where to go to start our sightseening. The hotel staff were always happy to give us directions and recommend places to see. Our hotel room was fresh clean and breezy. The quality of this hotel is impeccable. It's professional service, modern upbeat vibe and standard of rooms and services would definitely make us want to return. The power showers in the rooms simple amazing, flat screen tv and hifi a great touch and we were glad we brought some cd's with us! Free internet connection was good too however the server was a tad busy and at times slow. Free bottled water on each floor was a super touch as we needed it after all our hiking about the city. We got to check out the hot tub which was lovely however we were not energetic enough to burn some iron in the gym area. As a hetro couple we would recommend this hotel to anyone!!! Simply superb :-)  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tripper43
<Content>Great service and definitely hetero-friendly having checked out the cheesy graphics ont he website, I had some trepidation about the Axel. I was booked into this for a conference, so granted that it probably wasn't the typical mix of guests, but I found this to be a friendly, largely competent, above-average 3-star. Good location, rooms were clean and bright with wifi (shame no bath :-( after days walking exhibition halls. To me the defining characteristic of this hotel is the friendliness of the staff. The chaps working on the front desk and in the bar were most helpful - eg. I witnessed one of them helping a man who'd turned up without a reservation when the whole city was booked out for this conference. Buffet breakfast (hot and cold) was good. Room service supper OK. Only other slight nag is that they missed my alarm call one monrning - don't worry I had back-up!I would go again with no hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JorgeZD
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel! I stayed at the Axel Hotel at the end of October and I have to say that it was probably the best gay oriented hotel I have ever stayed in.The room were modern and very spacious, especially nice were the ameneties like the CD player in room, flat screen TV's, free bottled water and the plush bedding.I never recieved any attitude what so ever from the staff nor did I see anyone ever receiving any either.For gay travelers--the hotel is right in the middle of everything---bars, restaurants, etc.Most touristy attractions are also with in walking distance as well.I would recommend this hotel to just about anyone because I thought I got a great deal on a very wonderful boutique hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dubskin
<Content>excellent hotel, worst bar staff ever We stayed at the Axel for a big birthday celebration with a number of friends. The superiour rooms are excellent and crisp and cool (though definitely not cheap). Centrally located and all the sights of Barcelona are within walking distance. The leisure facilities are great and overall one of the better hotels I stayed in recently. My only gripe is with the bar staff who were less then interested in the customers and more interested in chatting to eachother. On several occasions they had to be reminded that they may want to serve waiting guests and then it took forever to serve drinks (and the bar was NOT busy). Excellent hotel though but staff need further training in customer service.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>J_and_A_1
<Content>Nice hotel in a beautiful city The Hotel Axel is a cool hotel in a hot city. We had a superior room - which is the largest class below a suite. It is still a little bit on the small side, but its crisp white minimalistic design is soothing. There was also some interesting lighting. The bathroom is open to the room via a glass wall shower/bath combo (jacuzzi tub.) The bathroom area also includes two double sinks and a glass door leading to the toilet. The room also had two sets of french doors - one leading out to a balcony overlooking the street - and the second leading to a sunny glass enclosed rotunda (also overlooking the street) with some stained glass accents in the windows and a small table and two chairs. The rest of the hotel is also very nice. There is a small restaurant in the back of the lobby. We had breakfast there each day - and they offered a nice simple buffet at a reasonable price. The rooftop area was great. There is a bar. The pool was small - typical of other Barcelona rooftop pools. They gym was ok and also includes a steam room and very small sauna. Other nice amenities were free internet access at two computers on the second floor, along with a small library of gay information. (Whoops - first floor for Europeans.) There is also the often mentioned free bottled water in the hallway refrigerators. Hallways have a fresh clean look as well. The location is pretty good - fairly central - not super close to, and at the same time, not that far from the major sights. Overall, my partner and I were pretty pleased with the hotel. We have stayed at a lot of gay targeted resorts - but this was our first urban gay hotel - so we were not sure what to expect. The Hotel Axel comes through as a nice boutique hotel with a modern trendy atmosphere. While we were there - it seemed almost exclusively gay - and well behaved. The breakfast staff was very friendly. The front desk staff was nice but could have been more friendly. Plans are in the works to double the size of the hotel - via a purchase of the neighboring building.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>montroseboy
<Content>Partner and I loved it! It was our place! Arrived on a Thursday and took the Aerobus from the the airport. Wasn't too bad, but we did have 4 bags, and the bus does get crowded. Cost around 3.60 euros for each person On the way back we took a taxi. It cost us about 22 Euros. The hotel was nice...we enjoyed...we have a city view, though it rained mostly when we were there. THe nice thing about the hotel was it was gay oriented. They did have internet in the room for a fee, but there are 2 computers on floor 1, that you can use, without a charge. I highly recommend this, as it is only a few blocks from the Metro Universtatd (spelling). the metro can get you to anywhere in the city and to the sites. We definately would stay there again if we visit Barcelona again.Have fun!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it This hotel was clean and by European standards simply wonderful. It was fresh, clean and inviting. Facilities were spot on and location couldn't be better. Free water in the cooler in the hall was a great touch. Great room service (quick and the food here was fantastic) and friendly service. I wish we had Gay hotels in the US with this sense of style. Now if we could only get them to open one in Roma....  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SanduskyTim
<Content>Hotel Attitude This was a nice hotel in a good location in Barcelona but if you're looking for a warm welcome or friendly service, forget it. The workers at the front desk had a coldness about them that was palpable. It was like they were doing you a favor for letting you stay here. Even the simplest of requests were met with a vague, unhelpful answer. | asked them where I could find a cleaners and they gestured over there. I searched the neighborhood and no cleaners anywhere. Perhaps most annoying was that they were indifferent to your presence. No hello or goodbye when you entered or exited. They just kept there heads looking downward at their computer screens.If you want a clean room, it is here but at these prices a little more service and friendliness would go a long way. The weather may be warm in Barcelona but the attitude is frigid and cold. I don't think I'm ever coming back to this city and especially would not bother with the cold attitude people at this hotel. By the way, the only nice guy was the man who worked the pool bar named Lluis. Outside of him, there was no one who made an attempt to be friendly.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mpe
<Content>Perfectly presented Hotel Axel, Barcelona. Imagine... Warm sunny days, excellent assistance by staff, fantastic roof top pool and sun deck with great music and a very welcoming and friendly atmosphere. Excellent small gym and on Wednesday evenings the bar is a welcoming part of the barcelona scene. Amenities are well stocked and coolers full of water bottles adds to the delight of this hotel. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobnyc
<Content>Great Find - excellent service This hotel exceeded my expectations as well as that of my travelling companion (who can be a bit tough on things).The staff was extremely hlpful, the accomodations superb and clean. The water refrigerators on each floor was a nice suprise. Food was great and all recommendations from staff proved to be fab.Will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, good service, a little bit of a walk to things We stayed here on May 27, for our anniversary and it was a very fun place. The staff was very helpful and kind. The hotel is mainly used by gays and it is advertised in such a manner, however, I did not find anything offensive nor did I feel uncomfortable. It was a fun stay and I would recommend it. We did opt for the higher level room rather than one large bed, after all the reviews about street noise. Rooms: I liked the stylish decoration, the fluffy bathrobe and the toileteries they provided. The room smelled like new plastic however. I think it was the chairs and table they must have added recently. Amenities: The pool: well, it is small! The bar is pretty cool, but I felt like it was more a pick up place. The decor is great and the staff very helpful. The only thing I would have to say, it is a little bit of a walk to the metro with suitcases and not as centrally located as I had understood or would have prefered.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fleabagger
<Content>Axel is Great! I work for a European company and travel quite often to Europe. Several of the negative comments about this hotel indicate that the writers obviously do not travel to Europe and/or do not fully appreciate the European idea of a hotel.For a European hotel, the bathrooms are enormous. I have stayed in hotels where the toilet is situated in the shower stall. Not so at the Axel. It is big and roomy and the rest of the bathroom does not get soaked. Yes, the bathtub does not have a shower curtain, but a half door, but all EUROPEAN hotels have this. I found the water pressure to be excellent for a European hotel and the towels were clean and lush. The slippers and robes were a nice touch as were the many amenities not found in many hotels.As with all European hotels, the bed is the primary focus since most Europeans enjoy a healthy prospective that there is life outside your hotel door. I disagree, however, that there is no room as a result. Again, I have stayed in hotels where I had to move my suitcase to get around the room. Not so at the Axel, the rooms are big and spacious with a small table and two chairs. The AC worked perfectfully, the bed (for someone with back troubles) was beyond comfortable, it was well lit and had a small balcony. The decor was minimal (it was designed that way) and thorougly enjoyable. Yes, the TV was small but if are going to Barcelona to watch TV, stay home!The room was immaculate. I came in on the cleaning staff and found them SCRUBBING the chairs and vacuuming behind the bed!!The cage which took the place of a closet was very efficient and was a different touch not found in US hotels.As for the pool, several of my colleagues stayed at hotels that did not have a pool nevermind one on the rooftop! Yes it was small, but was refreshing nevertheless. The jacuzzi was great as were the sauna, steam room and fitness room (for a hotel). As for a writer's comments that there were glasses and beer bottles around the pool, did you happen to notice that it was named the SKYBAR? Come on if that is your gripe.... The hotel had a great TEA dance for the guests. In addition, I was in Barcelona during the Feast of St. John Festival and the view of the fireworks from the roof was great! I agree that they could use more sunning chairs (the couch and chairs are a nice touch, but more lounge chairs could be in their place).The restaurant was excellent and highly recommended.As noted by prior writers, this hotel was tops for location. Several of my colleagues had to take cabs to get to the nightlife, I merely had to walk.The staff was one of the best I have encountered. I accidently locked the room safe incorrectly and someone came up within minutes to fix it.This is definitely a great hotel at a great price! I will be back again on my own next time just to be at this hotel.Thanks for a great stay AXEL!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Um... I'm shocked at the good reviews for this hotel. Let me start by saying, I'm a gay male who was looking forward to being in a comfortable environment but this place was too gay even for me. Besides the Make Up Room and Do Not Disturb placards to put on your door, there's one that says Disturb. When I got in late the one and only night I stayed there, the door next to mine was ajar with the Disturb sign on it. Now, if I wanted to stay at a bathhouse I certainly wouldn't pay 185 euros a night and I would hope there were better looking guys than the tacky, tired queens that were staying here. The A/C is awful, they gave us no blankets. The feel is very Ikea and cheap with plastic furniture. The one piece of art on the wall was a lightbox of a guy's ass. The wifi access I had to pay for in my room was terrible. The staff was not especially friendly or helpful. The rooftop pool was the size of my bathtub. I checked into the Hotel Regina right off the Plaza Catalunya and it is night and day: less expensive, bigger room, incredibly courteous and helpful, more centrally located, FREE and excellent wifi in the rooms. Unless you require complete immersion in an all gay environment I would say STAY AWAY from the Axel.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwalesguy
<Content>The Best Location       bed  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wolfatlga
<Content>A nice Party hotel, but the Montecarlo was much better for the same price... We decided to stay for 2 nights after a cruise after reading the reviews and was disappointed. The reception staff was wonderful, we had arrived early and they allowed us to check in and spoke great English. The room had a great king size bed, but the small table and two plastic chairs we outside on a small patio in a tower that was on the outside of the doors and became very hot and loud. So we moved the table inside to have a flat surface to put our stuff on. There was on small bookshelf, but no tables or night stands...the bathroom was the same also...no counter space.We went upstairs to the pool andd whirlpool area and they had a party the night before and bottles we in the pool and the decking sticky for spilled drinks. It was all cleaned up and chairs put back out for the afternoon. We went on a tour and when we got back tried the bathtub whirlpool but it was broken and they offered to move us to another room, but since we had unpacked decided it was not worth it. The next day we tried to use the pay for view movie feature, since we were tired from the cruise and it too was broken, they did give us a discount on the room at this point, but for the same price we had stayed at the Hotel Montecarlo before our cruise and it was exceptional and was more to what we were looking for...the Axel seemed more like a Party hotel...a good choice if that is what you are looking for...  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MontrealBoys
<Content>Hotel Axel - One of it's own I stayed at Hotel Axel in August of 2005. What a pleasure it was! Hotel Axel is the only one in it's category - Hotel Boutique for Gay and Lesbian. My best friend and I arrived at Hotel Axel after a week in Ibiza in bad hotel. The experience there... was what I expected from this type of hotel. Example, upon our arrival... the front desk manager must of recognised that our names are french... and addressed us in our main language. Staff is always smiling... Hotel provides unlimited bottle of waters to guests. I work in customer service, and I experienced a Positive Memorable Customer Experience - My friend and I are going to Spain this summer... and we have our reservations to Hotel Axel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded Expectations My traveling companion and I were guests of the Hotel Axel for four nights in Jan '05. This Hotel exceeded our expectations. Although catering to gay travelers we would reccomend this Hotel to anyone, straight or gay, when visiting Barcelona. Great location, clean,stylish rooms and exceptional, accomodating service from ALL staff members. Restaurant food was very good with attentive,friendly, service. Originally booked a Superior room and although spacious, with a seperate, cozy,sunny, sitting area, we found the room itself, bland, sparsely furnished (not one flat surface conducive to writing or computer operation!), and a bathroom which was not totally private. After one night, the front desk staff was most gracious in relocating us to a Standard room which, although smaller, was much more to our liking and comfort . One complaint with the guest rooms; first hotel in my travels which provided no clock of any type to tell the time of day!!! A welcomed amenity was the cold bottled water provided gratis on each floor.. Overall, a delightful stay and will return in the future.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stylish hotel in good location stayed for 5 nights in November 2004 and thoroughly enjoyed the time there. the hotel was very stylish ,modern and the staff were very friendly. the breakfasts were fantastic and during the week :breakfast was served until 11am and 12 pm at weekends, which is a plus if like me you are not a morning person!the hotel offer unlimited free bottled mineral water in a chiller cabinet on each floor. ate in their restaurant on one night and both the food and service were great. as part of a hetero couple had no problem at all with the fact that the hotel was aimed at the gay market and there was a good mixture of straight and gay couples during my stay.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, loved it!!! I am a travel agent and I have traveled to 151 countries and stayed in thousands of hotels. I was VERY VERY happy with the AXEL. The rooms are very modern, a little too modern for me, but very clean. The beds are large (to US standards too!!) and the rooms at the front of the hotel are great. The staff speak EXCELLENT English!! I'm going back to the Axel in July 2005 for a pre-cruise stay. The location is perfect for nightlife.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay       Hotel facade - Dec 2004  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cmh_org
<Content>Hotel Axel, an average hotel While the Hotel Axel has a great location, we found it to be just average and a bit overpriced. The staff is friendly, most speak a bit of English, all were helpful. The rooms are average, modern and overpriced. Because there is no carpeting anywhere in the hotel, the noise from the hallway is quite loud. The bed was not terribly comfortable. The robe and slippers were a nice touch.If you stay at the Hotel Axel, resist the temptation to request a street facing room as even though they say the rooms are sound proof this is most certainly not true.I'm certain there are better hotels in equally good locations...that aren't as expensive as Hotel Axel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cruisingguy
<Content>Overrated and overpriced We are surprised to read all the positive reviews about the Axel Hotel. We stayed there early October 2004 for a week to celebrate our 5th anniversary, because we really liked the look of the place and wanted to stay in the gay area. When we arrived, everything looked nice till we entered our room, which was extremely small (impossible to detect this when you visit their website). We 'upgraded' to a far more expensive, spacious and nice room, where we could hardly sleep because of the heavy traffic and because of the music that was played by the neighbours (at 5 am). When we complained, nothing was done about it and when we complained again we were told we were in a big city and we had to be more flexible. We are living in a big city, actually, and we happen to be flexible, but not to the point that we accept crap. The next morning we talked to the receptionist, who told us people stayed at the hotel to have a good time and party, so they wouldn't call their room to ask them to lower the volume, because people just happen to want to sleep next door. 'People who complain about the noise' - so people like us! - 'should stay in the countryside.' Especially when later that week people in bars told us for the same money you can easily find a luxury apartment all to yourself in the same area, we decided never to stay there again. We don't mind paying extra for a nice place, but we refuse to pay for the attitude of the staff. So our advise is to spend a little bit more time on-line, and save yourself a lot of money and irritation. We have to admit their restaurant is really good and the staff overthere really makes you feel welcome, so maybe the hotel staff should do the same course the waiters have attended and drop their attitude.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Axel Rocks! My fiance  I spent 4 nights here in Sep'04. The location is excellent - 5 minute walk to Passeig de Gracia. Rooms are very hip/modern and clean. Desk staff was extremely helpful and all spoke fluent english. WI/FI service is available, although was working on  off. Two computers with high-speed internet access is available free of charge in the library. We especially loved the unlimited bottled water in the hallway cooler. Overall, it was a great value and a very pleasant experience. We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWyse
<Content>A Chic, Cool, and Beautiful Experience My wife and I stayed at Hotel Axel for two nights and we loved it. The rooms are fantastic: very stylish, clean and fresh. It was great to have a cocktail in the bar in the evening and the breakfast was superb: beautifully presented and delicious food. As a hetro couple, we felt totally comfortable. The front of house staff were extremely helpful. We could not recommend this hotel highly enough and will definitely want to go back. The whole ambiance of the hotel was what marks it out: stylish, modern, chic and cool.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>David_B
<Content>Almost...there   showReview(2610369, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Axel is Barcelona's real W!   showReview(2597154, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Do yourself a favor - stay here   showReview(2443119, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheshireguy
<Content>Outstanding   showReview(2288876, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value-Smart-Trendy Hotel   showReview(2265169, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>freakyholiday
<Content>Great Place for gay or straight   showReview(2190439, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really great place   showReview(2113400, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(2077392, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a wonderful gem in the heart of Barcelona   showReview(1789023, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRAMON2008
<Content>Vovler铆a al Axel sin duda alguna   showReview(20533106, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El precio de la habitaci贸n es...   showReview(13163234, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel 茅tablissement   showReview(11457254, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edu_eddie
<Content>Trabajando desde el AXEL...sin armario..   showReview(7476256, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Uno dei migliori hotel   showReview(11417083, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J y retourne   showReview(11380628, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>friendly   showReview(11341775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambres minuscules.pour 185...   showReview(11415959, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

