<Author>newlywed61208
<Content>Had an amazing honeymoon here! We have not long returned from our honeymoon at the Halekulani.We stayed here for just under a week before going to California and we werent disappointed.We booked it nearly a year before we got married and read some amazing reviews but also some disappointing ones, we then were slightly worried when we read that there would be some construction work happening. However there was but we didnt even notice and our stay was un-interrupted. The rooms I think have been slightly updated since some of the reviews I read as the did have flatscreen tvs etc so n o complaints from me, it was comfortable, clean and had all amenities we needed, and if there was something extra we wanted it was arranged by the concierge.When we arrived the service was excellent and the check-in at your room whilst being shown all facilities etc was something we werent expecting. Within 20mins of being in ours room champagne, chocolates were sent up to us to celebrate our honeymoon.I also loved the daily gift left for us at turn down. All hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful, most people calling us by name, for a large hotel this was nice.Food in Hawaii everywhere I would say is relatively expensive and the Halekulani was no exception, but every meal we ate there was amazing! Orchids breakfast was gorgeous with attentive service, we had dinner at La Mer on the Sat which we thoroughly enjoyed with great wine recommendations by the waiter.The concierge even let me have some orchids to put in my hair to wear to La Mer as they matched my dress perfectly!We used the Spa on day 1 which was fantastic, great start to a relaxing holiday, a custom massage was bliss!When we were there there was very heavy rain/storm for 2 days and the staff were very helpful at suggesting what we could do/ where we could go when we decided to cancel our day trip to Maui. The concierge organised some day trips for us to Hanaiema Bay and Pearl Harbor which was greatThe pool was fabulous, we were there beginning of Dec so was really quiet, great service here too. The beach is very small outside the hotel but there are plenty of other spots you can go to if you just want to lie on the beach.The weather was the only let down for us while we were there but thanks to the staff and gorgeous hotel we thoroughly enjoyed it and have really fond memories of our stay in Oahu and the start to our married life.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Njenk58
<Content>Amazing!!!!       from waikiki beach :)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingManSpokane
<Content>A busy and crowded oasis in a sea of Waikiki insanity       Diamond head view from 1260  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlwaysRunningLate
<Content>Wonderful Hotel if You Adjust Your Expectations My wife and I just returned from the Halekulani after staying at the Four Seasons Maui. We have seen many recent negative reviews of this hotel, so we wanted to give you a sense of our opinion. To give you a sense of where we normally stay (to show you our typical hotel expectations), we have been to Hawaii multiple times and, prior to this trip, we stayed at the Marriott Ko Olina, Four Seasons Hualalai, Four Seasons Maui, Hilton Hawaiian Village, Fairmont Orchid, Hilton Waikoloa and the Halekulani. We usually stay in the cheapest room at these hotels, but in Honolulu, we avoid city-view rooms due to noise concerns. When we travel to places other than Hawaii, we normally stay anywhere from 2 to 4 star hotels 鈥?anything from a Courtyard Marriott to a full-service Marriott or Westin property. To enjoy the Halekulani, I think you have to adjust your expectations from those you would have when going to a high-end 鈥渞esort鈥?property (Four Seasons Hualalai or Four Seasons Maui) to those you would have at a high-end 鈥渉otel鈥?property in a big city. The Halekulani is like the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental in downtown Miami. The Halekulani is an 鈥渙asis鈥?inside of the very busy and hectic Waikiki area, as long as you view the water and not the street from your room 鈥?I would NOT come here if your room faces the street. Here is what I thought about the hotel by relevant category:Service: The service is exceptional in almost every area, even compared to the service at the Four Seasons Maui. The check-in process is completed in your room; the hotel calls you on your cell phone when your room is ready for check-in; and the concierge staff will promptly fulfill requests. While we were there, to celebrate the December holidays, the hotel prepared complementary Hawaiian shaved ice (sno-cones) for guests at the pool, provided complementary limousine service to the local mall and provided trolley tours of the holiday decorations in Honolulu on Christmas Eve. The hotel acknowledged a special occasion for us with complementary champagne, wine, flowers, etc., and the hotel provides every guest with fresh fruit, handmade chocolates and cold water bottles in the room. Location: The bottom line is that if you want to be in the hectic Waikiki area, this is the best, most serene place to stay. Waikiki is loud and very crowded. The beach in Waikiki is extremely crowded and I would not enjoy swimming in the ocean at Waikiki (try Lanikai Beach for a great Oahu beach 鈥?both to view and for swimming). Once you enter the Halekulani, the serene courtyard and (relatively speaking) quiet, serene pool is very relaxing (as compared to the pools at the Sheraton Waikiki or at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, for instance, where the chairs are on top of each other). If you cannot stand noise, need a large/spread-out beach and need a lot of space, my recommendation would be to avoid Waikiki (maybe avoid Oahu completely) and head to a more serene area. If you go to Halekulani, you get all the people-watching/noise/excitement/crowds of Waikiki but also get an 鈥渙asis鈥?to return to 鈥?but you will never get the complete serenity or beautiful beaches present in Wailea on Maui or the Kohala Coast on the Big Island. Rooms: The rooms could be improved. The rooms are at least 10-20 years old, but they are very comfortable. The Jacuzzi tub is small for such a luxury hotel, and the separate glass shower is small, but both are very comfortable. The lanais are very large, and with an oceanview or Diamond Head oceanview room, you can truly enjoy the lanai 鈥?it is large enough to use for all your meals or to enjoy an evening cocktail. (Please note that the lanais are very close to each other - no privacy.) The televisions have just been replaced but have horrible reception (I do not really care - who comes to Hawaii to watch television?). With prices increasing 5%-10% per year, I would expect a major room renovation in the near future, but I would not let the room鈥檚 age stop you from coming to the Halekulani, at least for the next year or two. As I mentioned above, we viewed the ocean, and the view was extremely relaxing. Based on the very loud street noise I heard inside the hotel when looking out an interior window viewing the street, I would not stay here in a city-view room. Though the room rates are lower for city-view rooms, I would be very annoyed by the noise. The hotel鈥檚 city-view rooms face a construction site, the Trump Hotel, the Embassy Suites, Roy鈥檚 Restaurant, Denny鈥檚, etc鈥?- not for me.Pool: The pool service is mediocre and probably below average compared to a Four Seasons standard, but for us, it was acceptable. They do not 鈥渃oddle鈥?you at the Halekulani pool (no hourly filling up of your water glass) like they do at the Four Seasons, but I expected that 鈥?we do not mind getting up to get a glass of water and we do not use the poolside waiters, but if you do like that kind of poolside service, you would be disappointed at the Halekulani. They do provide cold towel service midday and bring around complementary Hawaiian popsicles in the afternoon. By the way, the pool is rather small and (outside of the beautiful design) is rather ordinary 鈥?the upside of this is that the pool is much more quiet than other Hawaiian hotel pools full of slides and waterfalls. As with other things at this hotel, if you come in with expectations of a serene 鈥渉otel鈥?pool that happens to have a beautiful view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head, you will not be disappointed.Restaurants: We are not foodies, so feel free to ignore this section. We can survive on almost any food as long as it does not make us sick and at least something reminds us of Hawaii. We love House Without a Key 鈥?admittedly, the menu is ordinary (as has been mentioned in other reviews), but the view of Waikiki/beach/Diamond Head, the Hawaiian band and the hula dancer as well as the extremely reasonable dinner prices (we paid only around $15/person for dinner [entr茅e only] which is unheard of in Hawaii) make the entire dinner experience wonderful. Other than breakfast and dinner at House Without a Key, we ate all other meals elsewhere 鈥?so I cannot comment on the other restaurants.Facilities: The gym is very ordinary at this hotel 鈥?far inferior to the gym at the Four Seasons Hualalai. It is basically located in a converted hotel room/suite. We did not use the spa so we cannot comment on this area.Overall, my wife and I really enjoy this hotel. I will give this hotel 4 out of 5 - there are some limitations (not a true 5 star hotel) - more like a 4 or 4.5 star hotel. But this hotel is the best in Waikiki. Summarizing what I wrote above, I think you will enjoy the hotel if you expect a high-end city hotel that happens to be on a beautiful-looking beach rather than expecting a spread-out Maui/Big Island resort. You can step outside the hotel and feel like you are in Vegas, but return to a very serene Hawaii experience. Also, I would only stay in a partial ocean view room or above, as city-view rooms would be too noisy for me even though they are less expensive.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SunandSand24
<Content>Halekulani Going Down Hill I have been coming to the Halekulani for many years. In fact, I visit the hotel couple of times a year and my recent visit may have been my LAST. I have stayed at many 4 and 5 star resorts/hotels worldwide and the Halekulani in no way compares to other luxury hotels. Unfortunately, I've watched the Halekulani deteriorate over the years....Rooms:The hotel rooms need to be updated. The rooms still feel like something out of the early 1990s. The only thing they recently did was add a large flat scrren TV in their rooms. They still has tube TVs unrtil recently! Common AreasThey've added some new furniture to the common areas and it feels more updated. The hotel grounds are well maintained.SpaAlthough I have not used their spa facilities.... it is really tiny and the spa does not offer all the amenities of a true spa in a high end resort. The spa feels like an after thought. The Westin Moana Surfrider just opened a new spa and that feels like a higher end spa.FoodNothing very special. A litlte above than average hotel food and the menu never changes year after year. I've dined at all three of their restaurants and I even think the meals at La Mer are average. But, Hawaii is not a place you come for gourment dining.Service StandardsWith the excpetion of the pool staff, this is the high point of the Halekulani. I would say that 95% of their hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. This is one reason I have been coming back to the Halekulani. The restaurant staff and house keeping are exceptional.PoolThis is the one area that needs MAJOR improvement. There are not enough umbrellas to accomodate all their guests. So, if you need to sit in an area with an umbrella you need to get up really early (think 6:30am) and secure your spot or basically bribe the pool staff to secure a spot. for you. In my opinion, when you are paying a high room rate, you should not be obligated to pay extra just to secure an umbrella. It should be first come first serve. The pool staff should not be allowed to save spots for guests just because they bribe them and then the pool staff blatanly deny any wrongdoing when challenged. In my opinion, the Halekulani is probably one of the best hotels in Hawaii. However, unless some of these isses are addressed, they may see more repeat guests taking their business elsewhere,  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sha-Guy
<Content>Not a 5 Star Resort!       Hotel grounds post rainstorm. Staff came out quickly to clean the mess  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>Creekcrawler
<Content>Nice but overpriced My family stayed here for a week over Thanksgiving and overall had a favorable impression. The rooms as one of the earlier posts indicates are in need of an upgrade. That would be my chief complaint. Construction going on (including Thanksgiving day) and fitness center is essentially non-existent (relocated due to construction). We had 2 rooms-Diamond Head view which is nice but probably not worth the extra $. Hotel staff with strong exception of the poolside service is excellent. Poolside service is poor to very poor and they were way understaffed. Not sure if I have ever stayed in a very nice hotel that lacks a bar. They have a lounge but really uninviting and only sit down at a table type service during limited night hours. On measure I would probably go back but not at the price we paid. A 4 star trying to get 5 star prices. Without major room renovations this will likely soon be impossible.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>UTBlonde0427
<Content>This Hotel Is Horrible My husband and I spent six days at The Four Seasons on Maui, and we ended our trip at The Halekulani on Oahu. The Four Seasons was a five star experience, The Halekulani was not. The service was good. We were shown to our room for check in, and the desk clerk was very polite and helpful. Everyone that worked for the hotel was polite. Now on to the bad. We booked a prime oceanfront view room and it was located on the 11th floor. The view was nice. However, our room smelled very musty and the decor reminded me of a 1980's Miami Vice, Galvestonish hotel. The Four Seasons on Maui had great, sophisticated decor and the room smelled great. For over $600 a night, I expect my room to smell good, and the decor to be much nicer. I've stayed in a Hampton Inn for $79 that had nicer furniture and smelled good. These rooms are in desperate need of an update. We had lunch at the restaurant, the food was ok. The grounds were just boring. Everything is crammed in right next to each other, which I guess is a function of Waikiki, but after spending six days on Maui and the beautiful, lush grounds of The Four Seasons, it was just a letdown. We had room service for dinner, everything we ordered was terrible. And expensive. Eat elsewhere. Now for the worst- THERE WAS A ROACH IN OUR ROOM. Not a big tree roach like the ones you find in the South, a small roach which indicates DIRTINESS. If there is one roach, there is many more where he came from. I have NEVER had a roach in any hotel room I've ever stayed in, finding one and having to kill it with my shoe in an alleged FIVE STAR hotel where we were spending over $600 per night is more than unacceptable. I don't know how anyone can describe this hotel as beautiful and wonderful. The decor is cheap and the food is awful. I don't mean to offend anyone who thinks it is a beautiful hotel. I've stayed at several nice hotels and the Halekulani just isn't nice. It is worth, at most, $150 per night. If this is the best Waikiki has to offer, I'm never coming back. DO NOT STAY HERE. It is a rip off and they have a roach problem.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>LauraHarden
<Content>Wonderful!       pool  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelBear33
<Content>Young professionals or anyone under 50, beware of scurrilous pool security! I stayed at the Halekalani the week of Nov 10th. I am a professional in my late 20's and met my parents for a family trip. We arrived an hour early and we were told our rooms would not be ready until 3:00 PM. Not a problem as it was a beautiful day. I decided to sit by the pool as I took a work phone call and was rudely interrupted by the pool security who asked if I was staying at the hotel. I politely told him our room was not ready for another hour and that I was waiting to check in. The pool security then paused and asked what my last night name was. I was astonished! I told him if he did not believe me I could no bring over the concierge who brought in my bags! TO PAY OVER $650 a night to be a guest at this hotel and be treated like this is ridiculous.It only gets better! After a day of shopping I went to grab some food to enjoy back up in the room. Before I went up, I decided to say hello to my parents who were sitting pool side. As soon as I sat down with my food, one of the pool security came over to me and said to my father  She cannot bring outside food to the pool area, but since she already has it, she can keep eating What an insult! Was I not sitting right there! I was so shocked I couldn't retort back. I have never felt so unwelcomed and insulted in my entire life! What sets the Halekulani apart is how clean and professionally kept up the grounds were. The hotel is definitely in a class of its own in terms of the professional  luxurious atmosphere of the hotel. I would not stay here again however because of how I was treated as a guest. To get looked and followed by the security guards when I sat down in the lobby or questioned by the pool attendants if I was a guest is not worth it. Maybe when I in 30 years when I have gray hair but not anytime soon.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	5	1	5	

<Author>1WorldTraveler007
<Content>BAD FOOD and BAD SERVICE, not to mention the BUGS! A friend of mine and I had the displeasure of staying and dining at the Halekulani in Oct of 2008. I had read several Trip Advisor reviews raving about the wonderful service and the overall property. We were given an interior Garden Courtyard view room on the ground floor which from the website looked amazing. Unfortunately when I arrived in my room, the accommodations were far less than I expected. Although the grounds seemed in immaculate shape, less attention to detail was taken on the interior space. In fact, it did not come close to the room's $350+/night price tag. In an attempt to give the hotel another chance, we arranged to have dinner at House Without a Key the hotel's casual seaside entertainment restaurant. Upon entering the establishment we were greeted with the soothing sounds of Hawaiian music which filled the entire dining area. Although I am not a big fan of the whole Don Ho musical vibe, it was pretty nice. Unfortunately after receiving our meal thing just seemed to head down hill. My friend ordered beef, while I ordered fish. Both dishes seemed entirely thrown together without any regard to taste, temperature or texture. We both were completely disappointed and decided to simply cut our losses and head for dessert elsewhere. It was about this time that my friend noticed things moving in and around our table...it was ROACHES! Not just a couple, but SEVERAL!! I understand that it is difficult to control pests in tropical climate, but this was freaking ridiculous. Unfortunately the insects would make a repeat appearance. We spent the rest of our time standing until the waitress returned with the bill. We then left the hotel to grab dessert. Upon returning to the hotel later that evening around 1am I stopped by the restroom right off the lobby before heading up to the room. When I walked into the bathroom, I noticed that I was being followed closely by hotel security, which I thought seemed odd. The security guard then waited outside the bathroom until I exited. After being followed for about 10-15 yards, he shouts ahead to both my friend and I asking, where are you going. I responded simply with, out to the valet to grab something. he proceeds to shout again, where are you going? where are you two going? Who are you here to see? I had reached my limit. I do not take kindly to paying $400/night to be harassed by security, especially when there were literally numerous other people walking in and around the lobby area without being questioned. The guard then walked me to my car, then walked me back to my room. WHAT LOVELY PERSONAL SECURITY. I've had enough of reliving the ordeal and will leave everyone with one last thought, STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE. Save your money and head over to the Ala Moana or somewhere where the roaches and the harassment is less plentiful.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>shf66shf
<Content>The best on Oahu We have stayed at the Halekulani twice. We are planning to go back this year for Thanksgiving for our third time. Both times I have stayed here the trip has been memorable. Halekulani goes out of their way to ensure every guest feels special and is comfortable. They check you in at your room. The rooms are comfortable and relaxing, the nightly turn-down service is amongst the best I have ever experienced. The food is terrific. The pool area is relaxing, you are only steps from the ocean. Best mai tai's I ever had. The best buffet I have ever been to and I don't usually like buffets. The staff is attentive. The only negative is having to leave to go back home! If you are undecided about staying here due to the price, don't be. It is worth the money.I never enjoyed Honolulu, but since I started staying at Halekulani I don't mind going to Oahu. While on their property you feel like you are on a outer-island. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a truly relaxing get away from it all experience.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kusenko
<Content>Great Hotel My wife  I celebrated our 40 th Anniversary at the Halekulani. We were there for 5 days, having spent a week in Maui before that. I was skeptical, because it was in the heart of Honolulu, but after checking in, we were treated like royalty. Service was impeccable, everyting we expected was surpassed with gracious service. We ate at all 3 restaurants and each one was better that the one before. LaMer was a little expensive, but it was our anniversary. We will go back and I would recommend it highly to those that can afford it. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SWTTRAVELS
<Content>Horrible Service - Has gone WAY downhill I have had two experiences with this hotel - the first in December, 2000 and the second in May 2007. In 2000 this hotel was the premier hotel on the beach in Waikiki - excellent service and wonderful food. I was a little shocked in May 2007 as it appeared from the outside (I didn't stay there) that it had aged quite a bit and didn't look kept up. Still, based on my previous experience, I booked a blow-dry in the spa before my friend's wedding. I arrived for my appointment and was told that I had the wrong time (I doubt i did - i had it written down in my calendar). At any rate, a mix up. But they hadn't called my mobile phone that i provided them and insisted that they left a message at my hotel (i checked when i got back and they had not). So, it's a salon, not an operating room. I was told that because i was 'late', they would not honor my appointment. Mind you, the woman who was going to do my hair did not take another appointment in my place, the manager simply said that she wouldn't be able to do a good job in the time remaining for my appointment (which was 45 minutes). I ended up having to get the hotel manager talk to her, they finally took me and the manager continued to be rude throughout my experience. What's the point? Such a ridiculous attitude over running a salon in what is supposed to be a really nice hotel. It's a fairly trivial experience but with other nice places on the beach filled with nice people who work there, why bother here.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QueenOfTravels79
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! This hotel was one of the best I have stayed in. Being a travel agent, I have stayed in many 5 star properties world wide and sold many others to clients. This hotel is not fantastic because of its rooms (whilst they are nice and nothing to complain about, they are not flash and plush as you perhaps imagine of a 5 star property).... what makes the Halekulani stand out is the fantastic service from all the staff (check in, porters, pool side staff, restaurant staff) and the lovely tranquility that the property offers. We dined at all 3 restaurants (albeit, the food we got from House Without a Key was poolside) and the food was great from there, Orchids (where we went for breakfast one morning) and also of course, La Mer. Breakfast at Orchids offered a fantastic spot right near the water - on our last day just before checking out of the Halekulani it made me feel quite upset that we were about to leave such a lovely spot. We went to dinner at La Mer to celebrate the first night of our honeymoon in Hawaii and the food was absolutely amazing.... service great.... and an atmosphere to match. If I can save enough pennies, I would go and eat there again. The pool is wonderful - lovely relaxing in the sun on a pool side chair. The beach just outside the property may possibly be one of the smaller, narrower stretches of Waikiki beach, however, with a great pool etc. we didn't really go out to the beach. Even if you wanted to, less than 3 minutes walk down is the larger beach area outside the property next door. I can't wait to go back to the Halekulani - and next time, I won't cancel my appointment at the SpaHalekulani, one thing I wish I did check out the services of.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rockwater
<Content>Excellent Stay My husband and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Halekulani. It was just fantastic. BEginning with the check-in process in your room. The oceanfront room was nice, very clean with comfortable bed. The complementary fruit, champagne (for our 15th anniversary) and candy was very nice, especially when we enjoyed the champagne out on the HUGE lanai overlooking the pool and water. Very comfortable lanai with nice furnature that I enjoyed every evening. The bathroom was also very nice. THe rooms may be due for an update soon, but I would not let this discourage you from staying at this hotel, in my opinion, the best in Waikiki.THe public areas were absolutely lovely, valets very helpful. We very much enjoyed the pool. First of all it is beautiful with a gorgeous orchid pattern in the pool. Plenty of lounge chairs which the unbelievably wonderful pool attendants will cover with chair covers and towels for you. Complementary sunblock, cold water, ice pops.... just wonderful. THe beach is very tiny but you don;t need to lay on the beach, lay by the pool, and when you get hot, just go a few steps to the beach and go for a swim in the ocean which was just fantastic.We very much enjoyed cocktail hours at House Without a Key and the Hawaiian music, hula dancing, MaiTai's, pupus and the most beautiful sunsets and view of DIamond Head. We ate several lunches and two dinners at House Without a KEy. The food was very good and not overly priced in my opinion. However the best surprises were Denny's (right across the street) - my husband just loves Denny's so that is where we ate breakfast and better yet - Roy Yamaguchi's restaurantnt Roy's also right across the street. We ate dinner twice at Roys - and I do believe they were two of the very best meals I have ever had (and we consider ourselves foodies!!) There are plenty of other restaurants within walking distance of the Halekulani also.Used the gym which was good but unremarkable. Overall, a truely outstanding experience at the Halekulani.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosemary12
<Content>Resort should be a 3 star based on service My husband and I went there on our honeymoon which of course we expected great customer service. On a good note the view from our room was amazing from up high which we had the top floor. Our first of many problems was there was not an iron in the room we had to call for one, and when they brought it to us it was broken, the waiters/waitresses seem to always forget what we ordered, pool service was questionable for a 3 star hotel. floating devices were not allowed in the pool  ones you lay all the way down in. Pool was not very big at all. To top it all off we decided to go to the french resturant in our hotel , which was the worst mistake, it took over an hour to get a menu, our waiter seemed to be disttracted by other tables, we ended up walking out. If we stayed to eat there it probably would have taken 5 hours. We would never stay there again or recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>Rileypenny
<Content>Halekulani- -An Oasis on Waikiki We stayed four nights at Halekulani in early August. We weren't sure whether to choose the Halekulani or the Moana Surfrider. We knew that the Surfrider was right in front of the main and sandy part of Waikiki, and the Halekulani was not. We also knew that there really isn't much of a beach in front of the hotel. I can't say what the Moana Surfrider experience would have been, but I can tell you we LOVED the Halekulani. There is something calm about the Halekulani. After spending time on the crazy wall-to-wall main part of Waikiki (about two to four properties down the beach), we could walk back to the Halekulani and relax. The area around the pool is spacious and there were always lounge chairs available. The staff is friendly and professional and I never waited in a line. The biggest issue is the beach. It is indeed very very small and full of families with small kids. It is necessary to ask for one of the nice, complimentary beach chairs from the pool attendant and walk down the beach if you want to lounge on the beach.We dined at all three restaurants, and loved each one. Contrary to some reports, La Mer does NOT require a jacket. The food was French and very good, very expensive. We only had one lunch and one breakfast at Orchids, both excellent. The very best dining experience was to be had in the evening at House Without a Key. Very nice, mellow Hawaiian entertainment against a backdrop of the setting sun, great pupus and the best mai tais I've ever had in Hawaii. Breakfast at House Without a Key was fine- -an adequate buffet with usually very good service. The guys in the valet area were really really great, about directions, tips, cleaning out your car when you returned to the hotel, etc. Our OF room was nice, large enough. It was beautifully maintained if simply done, although phones, televisions are not the latest. Rooms will probably be due for a bit of updating soon. However, for the service, the pool, and for House Without a Key, I will go back to the Halekulani if ever in Waikiki again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennajuniper
<Content>Heaven on Earth My husband and I stayed at the Halekulani from 7/24/08 - 8/4/08. FYI, we knew NOTHING about Hawaii and bravely booked online. We stayed at the Halekulani because of the glowing reviews from this site.We were nervous on our way to the hotel because the other hotels looked very city-like and we were hoping for a more relaxing atmosphere. Well, when we pulled up to the hotel, our fears were put to rest. The Halekulani is by far the most gorgeous hotel we have ever stayed in. There are no doors in the lobby, so when you go up the steps to the hotel, you can see straight out to the pool and ocean. The staff were exceptionally friendly and genuine. We were greeted by reception and had a staff member personally take us to our room, give us a tour of the room, and sign paperwork. Even though we had the cheapest room available, we were still treated like a King and Queen! The room itself was beautiful - king-sized bed, very large bathroom with tub and shower, sitting area, large closet, TV, safe, huge balcony (with table, 2 chairs, and 1 lounge chair). We also had free fruit, water, and chocolates ready for us upon arrival!My husband and I were at the pool almost every day. The staff there is phenomenal. After you choose your seats, they bring you seat covers and towels. Around 1pm they bring everyone complimentary cold face cloths and at 2pm they give the guests free ice melon pops. After baking in the Hawaiian sun for hours, those two treats are like gold! The pool itself was wonderful - it's a good size and always kept at a nice temperature. There were a lot of people there, but it was never over-crowded. The staff also makes sure it doesn't get too rowdy. They very nicely told several people and children that there was no diving, excessive screaming, etc. The beach was the only thing that was a bit disappointing. However, that's not the fault of the Halekulani. Erosion has caused a great deal of the beach to be lost. The sand that is left is a big hill, so it's not comfortable to sit on at all. At high tide, there's almost no beach left at all. If you are a true beach person, a five minute walk to the left or right takes you to bigger beaches.We used the concierge service to book a car for the day, two tours, a dinner cruise, and a catamaran ride. Again, the staff was extremely helpful and went out of their way to do things for us. Everything they suggested was fantastic - except for the dinner cruise. The cruise was very expensive and wasn't worth half of what we paid (bad food, bad entertainment, short ride). Housekeeping was exceptional! They came to our room twice a day- once for cleaning, once for turndown service. My husband and I loved the turndown service because they always left a little present on the bed along with a short saying usually about enjoying life's moments. There are three restaurants in the hotel. We only ate at one of them - House Without a Key. We had both breakfast and dinner there. Both were wonderful - the food was delicious and the staff was terrific. Every night, there is a trio at House Without a Key that plays beautiful Hawaiian music. I know I've written A LOT, but I just couldn't help myself! I simply can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel! We hope to someday go back to Hawaii - and when we do, we'll be going back to the Halekulani for sure. If you have the chance to stay here, don't miss out!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChamboCanberra
<Content>Superb Waikiki hotel I've read negative reviews of the Halekulani and I really don't understand why some of those guests were so picky. Our expectations were high, given the pricing of this hotel and its reputation, but not so high that we were expecting miracles.This is a wonderful hotel that is perhaps a little tired in places, but you surely can't beat the service, dining, general bonhomie and peacefulness that this hotel provides in Waikiki.We booked an ocean view room with breakfast, and both lived up to the billing. Our plane arrived in Honolulu on an early flight so were able to use the hospitality suite to change clothes for the pool and wait until our room was ready. A good start and our three days were all just as good.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel, although of course the beach outside is just a postage stamp. More sand is very close at hand.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dan748bp
<Content>First Class!! An absolutely first class facility with first class service. The best Mai Tai I had in Hawaii and the surf and turf (off the menu) at Orchids and it was FANTASTIC!! The room was smaller than we thought it would be but that is as to be expected in a metropolis. Would absolutely go back!! Important note: they have a suite if you have a late flight to use for internet access, shower and relax if you have a late flight as we did and the front desk neglected to tell us until we had made plans and were executing our late checkout.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SevernaParkGal
<Content>Loved the Halekulani I am not a resort person but my husband is so we booked this for 5 nights at the end of June to celebrate our 4th anniversary and my son's 21st birthday.I knew when I booked it that it is in the middle of Waikiki but when we drove up I felt a bit anxious that we were driving through some serious construction and congestion. I immediately began to take internal notes on how to get out of town as Waikiki seemed to have a bit of a Las Vegas feel with all the people and high end shopping. But once we stepped out of the car I discovered that all that I had read about the Halekulani was true! To begin with, the people are just so damned nice--the valet guys, the housekeeping staff, the front desk, the concierge, the wait staff. Everyone seemed to be happy that they worked at the Halekulani. Who does their hiring and training??We were greeted by a friendly gal who took us directly to our room and checked us in there (nice touch). She gave us an overview of the hotel and our room and then left. Waiting for us was a bottle of champagne (another nice touch recognizing our anniversary), a small box of chocolates made on the premises and fresh fruit. Our room had an ocean view and was great for us: king bed with luxurious linens, a sitting area with a sofa, chair and cocktail table, generously sized lanai or porch with lounger, table and 2 chairs, desk, tv and a cool combination closet separating the bedroom and the bathroom. We enjoyed sitting on the lanai and watching the surfers or listening to the soft Hawaiian trio every evening during the cocktail hour. It was most certainly an oasis at Waikiki. Once inside I felt totally relaxed and attended to. I had no sense of the intensity of surrounding Waikiki, even when we were at the pool. Their turndown service completed the day and they always left a small gift or a note. The bathroom was comfortably sized with a single sink, soaking tub and separate shower and individual toilet room. The lighting was very good, there was an attractive square rug and the doors had two full length mirrors. The bath actually had the feel of a dressing room. The shower was on the small side--if the guest were large this may pose a problem.Aspects that could be an issue for others:The beach was very small, a postage stamp, and the public beach walk went right along the edge of the hotel property. The pool was so nice that we hung out there and when we went to the beach it was at other areas on the island. We were not usually at the hotel in the middle of the day so I do not know how crowded it got.The lanai in the room we had (1137, in the L section overlooking the pool) is not particularly private. If you are sitting on the lounge, looking at the beach you can see others and they can see you. For example, I could see my neighbor's room/lanai, 10 ft away, if I just looked around or down. If someone is looking for total privacy on the lanai then this location is not the place for you.Major plusses for us:We loved the ocean view. We watched surfers, kayakers, sailboats, etc. at all hours.The music in the evening at the House Without A Key was just great. The group was a trio with usually a dancer and we would sit and have a cocktail and just relax. Lovely.The night of my son's birthday the servers gave him a celebration slice of coconut cake at cocktails and then at dinner as well. The wait staff could not have been nicer to him and we appreciated their efforts.The location ended up being an advantage. At the end of the afternoon I would often walk down Lewers Rd. and there is a very small outside park a block or two away where there were different groups dancing the hula and playing music. Wonderful. Also it was fairly easy to drive out of Waikiki from Halekulani since we were located on the far western end of the strip.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nickoula
<Content>Impeccable Hotel -Outstanding Service!       Pool  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Renders
<Content>Service...wow We had a fantastic experience at this hotel. The service was amazing, we loved it. We don't normally stop in such nice hotels so maybe we were bowled over more than those who stop in 5 star all the time? But no one could fault the attention detail from the staff. They knew were on honeymoon and gave us a bottle of champagne to celebrate and the cute daily gifts left on our pillow were a nice touch. It is well maintained and immaculate with a lovely pool area. Housekeeping and the bellboys are wonderful, so friendly and polite. Location is great - just the right distance to be in Waikiki but not in the middle of it. Surrounded by designers shops, this area has been recently redeveloped and is very much geared up for the tourist.The only negative thing about this hotel is the beach....which to be honest is none existent but what's there is quite good to sit on and people watch - although you wouldn't want to spend all day there. If you're wanting surfing lesson go the hotel next door and there's a man call Ty - we had a fanastic experience with him.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nappieb
<Content>The Best hotel in the USA!       View from our room at the Halekulani  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dogstar88
<Content>Above and Beyond       From the public beach walkway  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jc11235
<Content>Amazing service, disappointing service at the pool This is a truly amazing hotel. Wonderful oasis in the heart of Honolulu, and on the whole service was truly excellent - exactly what you would expect from a 5* hotel. Very relaxing. Restaurants were excellent - relaxed, great food, helpful and attentive staff. Was able to walk in to the spa with no booking, again great service. Nice rooms, not huge, but fine. As others mentioned, a strange arrangement where the wardrobe open one side into the bedroom, the other to the bathroom, but I had no problem with that. Children loved the back of the house tour.My only disappointment was some (i.e. 2) of the pool staff. Went down at lunchtime to the pool and found all sunbeds taken. I asked the pool attendant for some loungers in the shade, and he claimed there was none available, laying them out in the sunniest part of the garden, well away from the pool (I had also asked to be close to the pool so I could watch my children whilst they were in the pool). It was clear that many of the loungers, including those in the shady part by the pool were not being used for several hours, and no attempt was made to free these up for guests who were around. It was the manner of the attendant I found so disappointing and completely out of character will ALL the other staff in the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MrandMrsLee
<Content>Halekulani is not what it seems We arrived at the Halekulani for our honeymoon on 6/10/08. We were disappointed upon arriving with the crowded area, with so many hotels and buildings on top of one another, and the construction that was going on right across the street. We hoped that the hotel and room itself would be better. But our room turned out to be unimpressive for the money that we paid. We had an oceanview room, but barely had a distant side view of the ocean. The rooms directly face each other, so although the balcony is nice, you are facing other people who can easily see in to your room unless curtains are closed at all times. The room was average and small. It is definitely not worth the over $500/night that we paid. As a young couple, it was a huge splurge for us to spend so much on our honeymoon. But we did it because we wanted the best. The Halekulani was not it. There are hotels all along the beach that are just as nice and have just as much beach access...and cost a lot less. I know this because I spent weeks researching before we made the purchase. The Halekulani seemed secluded and above other Waikiki hotels, but we really didn't get what was so special about it. The bath salts, cheap sparkling wine (not even real champagne), and fruit did not make a difference to us.Being so disappointed after spending a huge chunk of savings on this room, we first attempted to speak with the Halekulani and see if we could get a better room. They were not very accomodating, offering only to charge us double to move us to a bigger suite. We next called American Express and luckily they were able to get us a refund for the majoriity of our reservation. We left Halekulani and went to Turtle Bay resort on the North Shore and found everything we were looking for...for less. A private cottage on the beach that was over twice the size, with a better view, and much more romantic!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>FredMcG
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Amazing View, Amazing Service       champagne and avocado happy hour  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clefsdorsf
<Content>Spectacular Service Visiting Honolulu to celebrate my parent's 50th Wedding Anniversary--we chose the Halekulani hotel for its perfect location, and understated accomodations. It was the amazing service we received that will bring us back.Check in took place in the room rather than in the lobby. The hotel had offered us a choice of an ocean front room or a suite. We chose the suite, which was not quite ready at 1pm---so they allowed us to use the room to relax. When the concierge staff found out about our special family event--they made flower leis for us to give to my parents. Our pool attendant knew where to set up our chairs each morning to get the most sun--and our server at cocktail time remembered that we liked special crackers with our drinks.... everything about our stay made us feel unique and welcomed. The Halekulani is an amazing property and we look forward to returning.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wishlist
<Content>Halekulani gets our thumbs up       Pristine mosaic pool  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gadgetgurrl
<Content>Halekulani was quite nice The Halekulani is a pretty nice hotel. They greet you and take you up to your room to register. I booked a DiamondHead Ocean Front room which was about $600/night. Not sure it was worth it, but I haven't stayed anywhere else in Waikiki. The view was pretty amazing. They give you a bottle of water on arrival, along with some fruit. They never replenished the water which disappointed me somewhat, though one cab driver said that Hawaii water was the best. Previous guests stated that they received a bottle of champagne on arrival for their birthday. We were celebrating birthdays as well, and received nothing. It probably had to do with all the Asian weddings that were going on during the 5 days we were there.There is no coffee in the room. You can order room service or go downstairs to the pool area to get it. Starbucks and Coffee Bean Tea Leaf are close by, so why not walk a little further if you have to leave your room. There is also no ironing board in the room. My room did have great view of Diamond Head, but also had view of roof below which was not appealing. The A/C there was humming. I asked to switch my room and they actually wanted to move me up 3 floors and go further in, giving me a better view of the Sheraton next door. No thanks.I never went to the pool, but I heard that the service there was nice. They give you towels, water, and even ice cream. The beach area in front of hotel is about 10 ft x 10 ft. So you really have to go elsewhere. It would have been nice to rent a surfboard at the hotel (or an outrigger canoe). They will give you towels to go to the beach. Everyone who works there says hi to you, but they do not know your name (unless of course you complain about something). Room itself was just above average. There was rust in the bathroom and some peeling paint. I expected a little more for the price, but I guess I am paying for location. The bed was pretty comfortable. Turndown service was nice. Gave you a little trinket on your pillow. One night it was a wooden key chain, the next a shell. Housekeeping staff was courteous. Not one complaint about cleanliness of room.Breakfast at Orchids was the best. It was included in my room price. Had to eat the buffet at House Without a Key (HWOK) on a Sunday (due to special buffet at Orchids). It was just ok. Drinks at HWOK were nice, and they provide Hawaiian music nightly till 8:30pm. However, it was an older crowd. Service at HWOK not the quickest and food there was just average (for dinner). Would not recommend HWOK food, except that the appetizers outside were pretty good. Dinner at La Mer was really nice, though it was warm. I don't think they have AC, and if they did, it was not turned on.I had a pedicure at the Spakulani. It was great! Would highly recommend. Probably the best value there.Overall, nice place. I would probably stay here again eventually, but would want to try out other beachfront hotels. I would like to see what the Surfrider hotel (now a Westin) is all about. We ate at their restaurant and it was nice. Nobu, across from the Halekulani, was superb. Probably the best restaurant we ate at..They do seem to cater more to the Asian crowd than the US crowd if you ask me. I definitely felt like I was a minority there. They had a hospitality desk set up for the Asian visitors, but none for Americans.If you are into hanging out at the pool and getting dressed up at night, then this is the place for you. It is very quiet and relaxing. But I am not sure I would want to stay in my room and hang out. The suites are probably nicer. And it is really not a fun place--too serious. And no beach activity rentals. But I guess it's a different crowd they cater to.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beauoli
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Great Location Great location...beautiful room..my husband and I came with friends for a 3 day stay..We had a jr suite and we had ocean views on both sides of room with a beautiful balcony. The service was not as personal as I would have expected..Beautiful pool area..We all prefer a beach..but the beach was so small only a few people could sit...Visted Pearl Harbor and that was great!! Did not care for Honolulu at all ..but the hotel was great and we had some very memorable dinners.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>WaupacaTraveller
<Content>Beautiful Hotel As previous reviews have noted this is an excellent hotel in the midst of the crowds and chaos of the beach. Service is excellent. Pool is generous considering the location and hotel size. Surrounding area has had a facelift. There are numerous dining options of all price ranges in the immediate area--no need for a car. Rooms are understated polynesian style--not too fancy. Loved the location, hotel and service. Makes it hard to justify an extra flight and a few hours more travel to go to Maui.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>centerline24
<Content>Bad taste in my mouth My wife and I got married at the Halekulani and stayed for 10 days there in March. In my opinion the place was nice and the service was great except for one glaring problem. Our wedding was on a Sunday and we flew in with our friends on Thursday, the first three days, each time I entered the hotel lobby, I was stopped by security and asked if I was looking for beach access? by three different gaurds, in front of other guests and the people I was with, each time I was heading to either the pool or the elevator to go up to my room. I responded each time, I am a guest here and ignored it, but by the third time, I was really mad and it was killing me. I NEVER saw another person accosted like this the whole time. I know I looked different from every other guest, i.e. not Japanese, but I do stand out, 6'3 white, you think that they would give me the benefit of the doubt. I have worked security for years and there is a discreet way of doing things at 5 star places. The third time it happened, I asked to speak to a manager, I explained the situation and he apologized and it didn't happen again. The point is, at such a nice place, the security should be better trained and more discreet, I was embarassed in front of my in-laws and did not enjoy it. Other then the apology from the desk manager, we did not hear any other apologies or inquires to see if we were happy with the situation. I do have to say that it bothered me the whole time and I would not go back to the hotel to stay because of that one thing. The worst part is, we were spending more money there, having the wedding and staying in a suite, then 99% of the people and were getting treated the worst in my mind. Should not happen at this kind of resort.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>HLF1
<Content>Simply the best.       View of the pool and beach from our room  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bossladyCalifornia
<Content>Great Hotel, Vera Wang Suite--some problems though As far as I can see, no one has reviewed the Vera Wang Suite. This suite is very expensive, but it is really over the top. There are a few problems we encountered, though. They provide a chauffeur from the airport..this was wonderful, he met us right at the plane and whisked us off to the hotel. The Manager on Duty was waiting curbside with a young assistant who was to accompany us to the room so we didn't have to wait to check in at the desk. Great deal...we loved it. However, from the hotel entry to this suite is a long, long way with two elevators to access it. For someone who doesn't mind being a long way from the lobby and likes to walk..it is great and secluded. The problem was, when we got to the room...the key didn't work! But it was only about a 10 minute wait and someone showed up with a key. In the meantime we sat at a little desk in the vestibule and filled out the papers. The suite is outstanding with millions of fresh flowers and goodies on the table,more than just fruit. The view was to die for as well as the accommodations. However, the suite has state of the art technology and the young lady didn't know how to work it..as did we! When we just couldn't turn the TV on, a maintenance man came and he found an old fashioned hand control and told us..just use this! It worked fine and we didn't need all of the other stuff anyway.The toilets are wonderful! Never thought I would write about toilets--but you simply walk up to them and the seat rises and when you sit down...they are heated! Wow! I want one for home. Then in addition they have a wall control that washes you in any direction and then a dryer. Just the cat's meow! They also flush automatically and are quiet. The whirlpool tub is outstanding. Worked like a charm. Only problem is that it had a mind of its own and went on every day at 2 PM and 4 PM, so no matter where you are...you have to run in and turn it off. They refill pitchers of juice and ice tea daily. Great perk. I also felt that perhaps the liquor was free of charge, but we don't drink that much, so we didn't have any.The butler they advertise is non-existent. They did send a questionnaire and asked what hours we would want him and what we wanted him to do, and we just are not used to being that specific, so I guess they thought we didn't want one at all. I just could not have lived with the thought of him sitting in that little vestibule anyway, so maybe it was a good thing that we didn't specify hours.Room service is fantastic. We had breakfast every morning on the lanai and loved it. Each waiter was superb as was the food. This was included with the price of the room.As far as their maid service, it was definitely lacking. They would leave dirty dishes on the table and dirty glasses out at night. This is something that might be a personal thing for me, but I didn't want food sitting around for more than 12 hours. I had to ask them to not do this. I also had to ask for the amenities, specifically the mouthwash to be replenished.There is a double door between the elevator and the room and each time that door was closed we were locked out of the room. Security said that they couldn't fix this and they would tell every one to leave it open, but that didn't happen...it got closed and then we would have to call security and wait.We did ask the manager to just show us other rooms and as another reviewer has said, the other rooms are definitely dated. They did state that they were going to do a cosmetic makeover starting in October, 2008 and they definitely need it. We asked about booking a specific room and were not happy when we were informed that even if we booked it a year in advance, they did not guarantee it. This is a very formal hotel. La Mer requires a long sleeved shirt in the evening. For Hawaii...this is hot...so we ate at Orchids which was wonderful. Men must have long pants for dinner. The employees are generally very pleasant and we were very surprised that they even gave us beach chairs for the little, charming, Grays Beach. Each day for the evening turndown they leave a charming note on the pillow and a little gift to remember them by. I loved this. Each item was outstanding.I think I have touched on every subject and I hope this review is helpful to fellow travelers.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	-1	-1	3	5	

<Author>armanifan
<Content>Waikiki perfection Definitely one of the world's finest hotels. Halekulani really has everything you could want... great location, beatuiful rooms, incredible aesthetics, fantastic service. The pool was great  what a location to have a buffet breakfast... wow. I thoroughly recommend this hotel  can't wait to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Momof4kidsNearBoston
<Content>Amazing service; friendly and very helpful staff Don't be fooled when you drive up to this hotel: it looks like it's squished in between buildings in the middle of the city, but this truly is an oasis in Honolulu. Immaculate, fresh, impeccable staff; great food; beautiful pool; lovely balconies in the rooms; crisp linens and towels, I could go on and on......If you are looking for a big beach, you will need to take a little drive (go to Lanekai (sp?) which is spectacular and private). This hotel seems to be THE place for Japanese brides because there was at least one wedding a day. Happily, no one is allowed to smoke anywhere on the property which contributed to the cleanliness of the hotel. One caveat: I am a real coffee snob and went down the street to Starbuck's or the Coffee Bean for my morning fix. Hotel is steps away from great shopping area. Loved it!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StudioCityTraveler54
<Content>A Great Stay! This was our 3rd stay at the Halekulani and once again, they did not disappoint!. The room is a little dated, but the view was great!I On my birthday, the management delivered a complimentary bottle of champagne (nice touch). We also attended the Wednesday evening cocktail partry for guests and it was first rate. I really love the location. The staff is really wonderful....Anything you ask for, they accomodate.....This is an absolutely wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebQld_Australia
<Content>The little touches were special       Hotel interior  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>runes4lisa
<Content>It is a house befitting heaven We stayed at the Halekulani for a week, from the end of March to the beginning of April 2008. As we had planned on getting married in Hawaii, we had contacted the concierge prior to our trip to obtain assistance in this planning. They connected us with a local minister who had made all of the arrangements (it could not have gone any better - truly perfect). We had ongoing contact with the Manager of Reservations, who had made all of the necessary arrangements for our room, spa appointments, wedding dinner, etc. He had also booked our friend's room. After we had arrived, the Manager of Reservations had contacted us to ensure everything was to our liking. The Manager of the Halekulani had a bottle of champagne waiting for us upon our arrival, in celebration of our upcoming wedding. The entire hotel staff were very friendly and addressed us each time by name (how they knew, we don't know). The room was spotlessly cleaned each day (they even had small packages of washing suds to wash out your swimsuit, etc). Every night at turndown service, they would leave a note along with some sort of trinket (keychain, bookmark, seashell) all beautifully packaged. The valet staff were also very helpful and provided directions to various sites and bottles of water (without being asked).We had a room facing Diamond Head Crater, it was spectacular to wake up to this site every morning. Although the balconies are close to one another, in the seven days that we spent there not once did we encounter another person on their balcony (lanai). We chose the romance package, which had included daily breakfast (either at House without a Key or at Orchids) and dinner for two one night at Orchids (set menu). The food was amazing. We also went to Le Mer for our wedding dinner. The service and food were impeccable.The Spahalekulani was amazing. I had a lomi lomi massage...true bliss (highly recommend it). If you are into spa's, this one should not be missed. We were very sad to leave the Halekulani and can't wait to go back.Another thing....go to Roy's Restaurant (which is directly across the street from the hotel). The food was amazing!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Romanie
<Content>OMG - one of the best hotels we have stayed at We stayed at the Halekulani and absolutly had no complaints. We were travelling with our 7 month old daughter and this was our first family holiday so was hoping it to be a good holiday. The hotel accomodated our needs in every way and even went that extra mile to make us feel welcome - ie, they put baby bath/shampoo/powder in our room. Even though this was something small it made me feel happy to see that they thought of something so minut. Great location, and the staff were very friendly. When we travel to Hawaii next time we will definetly going back to this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madforhawaii
<Content>Still a House Befitting Heaven We have just returned back from a 7 night stay at the Halekulani. I have to say that having stayed there this time last year I was worried that I would be disappointed and it wouldn't live up to how i rememebered it. I'm pleased to say that was worried for nothing. We arrived into Honolulu early(11am) and when we arrived at the hotel we were immediately ushered to our room. A real treat to be able to unwind and get cleaned up after a long trip.The room was clean and bright. Our ocean front room faced the ocean directly and it didn't matter where you were on the lanai, or in the room, you always had a view straight in front of the ocean.Some have said that the beach is poor, but we found it just the opposite. Sure it is small, but do to it's location, it was seldom busy. You could walk further down the beach in either direction for a larger beach, but then you have to contend with the crowds, not my cup of tea.We learnt from our last trip that the toiletries are amazing, so we didn't pack anything this time. They were always replaced as soon as they were empty, so we never had to worry about running out.The gifts you recieve at turndown were always a treat for me and I only received one that was the same as last year. Quite impressive in my books.We ate at all the restaurants, including La Mer. The food was always delicious. On occasion, I have to admit, that the service could be a tad better, but it was definately not so poor as to not make me eat there again. Once or twice, it was just a little slow or not refilling a coffee or juice. The service as well as the food at Le Mer was impeccable, and if one can afford to eat there, DO IT, You will not be disappointed. On the note of service, the porters and valets, are outstanding. They remembered us and were very respectful. If the all the hotels staff(namely the wait staff) were like them I would honestly have no negative things to say of the hotel.Our flight back home was at 9:00pm and after a long day driving around the island in a convertible it was great the the hotel offered us use of there hospitality suite to shower and get cleaned up in. Another added bonus of staying with the Halekulani.All in all I have to stay it was another stay at  A HOUSE BEFITTING HEAVEN As soon as I can we will be back.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelercwm
<Content>Who gave this 5 stars? This hotel is fine -- it is clean but everything is a little tired in terms of the furnishings and rooms. Don鈥檛 go here expecting a remarkable hotel 鈥?it is very much an average place. For the same room cost there are plenty of options (in other destinations that are truly great). It probably is the nicest place to stay on Waikiki beach as the bar is very low in terms of options here. Room finishing鈥檚 are showing their age, bedding is the same as you would get at any middle of the road hotel. Nothing wrong with this place but their rack rate is roughly twice that of other beach front hotels and, in my opinion, not warranted. Oh, one thing to watch out for, 鈥淥cean Front鈥?rooms look sideways along the beach 鈥?many of them are pretty obstructed by buildings and you have other rooms that look directly into yours; to me Ocean Front always meant the room where you don鈥檛 have others looking in your window and you see the Ocean when you wake up 鈥?we鈥檙e looking at another wing of the hotel from our bed. We have a great view of the Ocean from one side of our room and the deck, something most hotels would call an Ocean View, not Ocean front.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	5	3	

<Author>belair100
<Content>Don't Bother Overrated WOW what a let down. I read so many great things about this hotel and boy was I disappointed. The rooms are out dated. The furniture does not look like it is a world class hotel but a low priced chain. The entire motel needs a refurbishment. The light fixtures in the elevator were dirty. I did not find any staff that went out of there way to make my stay special. The breakfast was uneventful. The maid staff constantly entered the room even though the do not disturb sign was on. When I mentioned it to management they told me that it happens.To be fair I have to mention the good things about the hotel. The location is excellent. The grounds look old but are well maintained. The balconies are nice as well as the ocean views. The welcome chocolate and local fruit plate is a nice touch.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>sjmarcca
<Content>Perfection in Paradise This was my third trip to Halekulani and it is now the only Hotel in which I will stay while in Honolulu. I have had good experiences in other hotels, such as the Royal Hawaiian, but there is simply no need to experiment any longer. From the moment one checks into Halekulani everything becomes peaceful, tranquil and relaxed. The staff is always pleasant and courteous; the bellman remembered me from my last trip in October 2006 ! Generally I will take an Oceanfront room but decided to try a Partial Ocenaview on this trip. I was not disappointed...while I couldn't see the ocean while lying in bed, once I stepped out on the Lanai there was a beautiful vista of the Pacific Ocean as well as a bit of a city view!Should you decide to stay at Halekulani make sure to book the Sunrise Package where the morning buffet is included in the price...it is a great value and you may not need to eat again until dinner. My only regret is that I'm never able to spend as much time at Halekulani as I would like; 3 or 4 days is usually the max. number of days I can squeeze in. Nevertheless, 3 days at Halekulani is worth 7 nights at most other Waikiki properties.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donandjo
<Content>A Luxury Oasis ! We recently returned from visiting Hawaii - we visited Maui staying the Four Season's, Kauai staying at the Grand Hyatt and whilst we enjoyed the hotels we felt we'd arrived the moment we stepped into The Halekulani. My hubby and I have stayed in some beautiful hotels across the world but after reading a negative report on the Halekulani felt compelled to give our opinion. The service from the moment we arrived to the moment we left couldn't be faulted. The rooms beautifully decorated created a cooling atmosphere, the restaurants amazed at breakfast, lunch and evening meal and the relaxing evening atmosphere of the outdoor terrace bar and Hawaiian band created the atmosphere you imagine Hawaii will provide. I wasn't keen to visit Oahu being a city on a beach so we only allocated 3 nights here I wish we'd stayed longer.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigredjohn
<Content>fab We'll always fondly remember the five nights we spent here in February. Yes, it's expensive and the beach directly in front of the hotel is poor. But you can quickly walk down Waikiki Beach, and nearly everything else about the hotel is fabulous. The breakfast buffet outside in the morning is a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WineGuyBob
<Content>A perfect stay at Halekulani I just returned from a 9-night stay at Halekulani and I cannot wait to return. Having worked in the hotel industry for several years I know how hard it is to be on your game all the time, but everything about the Halekaleni was perfect from check-in to check-out. These people know what service is all about.The first thing you notice is how serene it is. Waikiki is loud and crowded scene, but once you arrive at Halekulani, all that disappears. You notice the perfectly manicured public spaces, the way every hotel employee greets you with a smile, the fresh flower arrangements. This is what a vacation should feel like.I could go on and on about the pool, the restaurants, the concierge, the spa (all top-notch), but you'll have to experience it all for yourself. This is a real gem that deserves every award it has been given.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grm
<Content>Exquisite Our stay at the Halekulani was absolutely fantastic. I was concerned about several negative reviews that we read on Trip Advisor. Our experience was literally picture perfect. We wonder just where these reviews come from.We found the service at the reception desk, concierge, valet, room service, Le Mer and Orchids to be outstanding. Our room, Room 968, was one of the best in which we stayed worldwide. Right down to the staff members speaking to us in the hallways, the experience was wonderful.Does anyone really stand out? Yes--two people. Dining Room Manager Stephen Oyadomari and Middle Waiter Mark Sayegusa. Our Valentine's dinner was booked early by our standards. Unfortunately we found that Valentine's Day is hughly popular in Hawaii. Even getting a reservations was next to impossible. The Hotel Manager was kind enough to get us a reservation even though the restaurant was fully booked. Upon arrival we received a personal telephone call from Stephen , the Manager of Le Mer, moving us to a window table. My wife's Brithday, our Anniversary and Valentine's Day all fall within a week! We celebrated each at three different restaurants on Maui and in Honolulu. The experience at Le Mer exceeded all others. The only reservations that the concierge could obtain for us on February 15th were at Roy's. Without being asked to do so, Mark telephoned several contacts at other restaurants trying to obtain reservations at other restaurants to no avail. Mark's efforts and comments were totally professional. On February 15th we began dinner at Roy's with a glass of wine, looked at the menu, the surroundings, made very polite apologies, tipped the waiter and politely left. I do not remember having ever done that. We returned to have a delightful dinner at Orchids. I remember thinking, Stephen and Mark gently and professional tried to dissuade us.Upon our return home I received a follow up inquiry from Janis Clapoff, General Manager. Make no mistake about it--We would rate our experience as simply one of the finest that we have ever had.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>julias
<Content>Loved the Halekulani We stayed at the Halekulani for 5 nights in Feb. 08, and really enjoyed the hotel. I cannot understand the negative reviews that have been posted except to say that Waikiki itself is a city, not a typical beach resort town. The Halekulani, however, really is a little oasis in what can be a chaotic Waikiki. I thought that 5 nights would be too long in Waikiki, but I enjoyed the Halekulani so much, I wish we could have stayed longer.The hotel is quiet and peaceful. It is elegant and understated. The service is top notch and extremely professional. We ate at HWAK and Orchids, which were both quite good. While some complain that the restaurants are expensive, Waikiki is expensive. We ate most breakfasts and lunches at either HWAK or Orchids, and found that the quality matched the price. Dinner at Orchids was also good. Basically, you won't be disappointed by the food at Halekulani, but it is not cheap. But, again, you'd have to work hard to hunt down a good and equally tasty bargain in that town. I have no complaints about the room service, but would rather sit down at either restaurant with a direct beach view. I was initially concerned because the only rooms available were in the garden view category, which are in the back of the hotel and I thought there would be a lot of street noise. We did hear a little noise from the construction in the morning, but nothing too bad. The room faced a small grassy courtyard where some weddings were held. The room itself was pretty spacious, as was the bathroom with his  her closets and separate vanity area. After we had some plumbing problems, we were upgraded to a partial ocean view room. While the view was great, the room was actually a little smaller, with a smaller but still nice bathroom. My husband actually preferred the first room, but we did enjoy the lanai with the better view more.The pool service is fantastic, but not pushy. The pool area itself is great and relaxing. As others have mentioned, there really is not much beach at the Halekulani, but actually Waikiki beach itself did not have much beach while we were there. I don't know if it was due to the season or because the beach needs to be re-built up. A local resident told us that there is some plan to bring up more sand. Anyway, Waikiki beach is generally pretty crowded, so I actually preferred relaxing at the Halekulani pool area.All in all, I was really pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the Halekulani and would definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hallsmenthol
<Content>Very Disappointed I read many reviews on this website before booking my vacation so I felt compelled to throw in my 2 cents. The service over all was very good. We could not get a waiter at the pool to take a drink order no matter what time of day it was. (Do not order any of the specialty drinks-they are way too sweet and undrinkable). Our room was a King room, although the bed was certainly not a King, and may have been a queen or smaller. The bathroom was the best part of the room. It was not at all what I expected from a five star hotel. We had an ocean view and were facing east-away from Diamond head. There was unfortunate contruction on Trump International Tower that comensed every morning at 5am making it difficult to sleep. We had dinner at Le Mer on Valentine's day and it was also our 10th anniversary which was not acknowledged. At 2 of the restaurants we went to on Maui earlier in the week we got a special acknowledgement of our anniversary.Waikiki beach was a real disappointment to me in general. It is very small. All the hotels sit right on it and right next to each other. I would not spend the money to stay at the Halekulani again. I should say that we came there from the Ritz Kapalua on Maui which was far superior in every way possible.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sparrow1987
<Content>Not all its cracked up to be We stayed at the Halekulani in September 2007 as the first 5 day leg of a long-awaited Hawaiian vacation/conference. My husband's company gave us the choice of the Halekulani and Hilton Hawaiian Village. I loved the idea of a small boutique hotel, on the beach and near great restaurants and shopping. For these three things the Halekulani delivered. The rest made me wish we had stayed at the Hilton. First, the rooms are on the small side and not as luxurious as I had expected. Great bed and top notch linens but room is a bit cramped especially since we only had one king bed. I do not know where they would even put 2 full beds. Bathrooms were very large and well appointed with a full sized tub separate from the shower. Also, almost all the balconies in our building faced directly over the courtyard to the balconies of the other building. Thus, you can see your neighbor across the courtyard all the way to their bathroom at night if their lights are on. It did not bother us too much we just were sure to draw the shades.Second, room service was horrible. My husband (who is not picky) and I thought the food was aweful. The staff also called us FOUR times to see if we were ready to send the empty tray back. It was very annoying to be on your balcony watching the ocean together and have to go in to answer the phone constantly. Third, for a hotel that touts itself as 5 star and caters to the rich and famous the staff has no concept of etiquette. I was ill one evening and most of the next day and we put the do not disturb light on which registers outside your room and on your telephone. We received no less than FOUR interruptions either by phone or door asking about turn down and room cleaning. This despite the staff being told we did not need or want anything and to please not interrupt us further. For such a notorious hotel we were suprised that privacy was not more of a priority. Valet service was excellent as was the recommendations and service at the conceirge desk. It was great to be able to walk from your room to the valet or pool/beach within under 2 minutes. We did not try any of the restaurants on site due to the horrible food from room service but there are numerous wonderful restaurants across the street or within a short walk (Nobu sushi is across the street). Also, we drove up to the North Shore area a couple of times and really enjoyed the shrimp shacks. What they lack in ambience they more than make up for in delicious filling dishes of shrimp they just harvested that morning. I had a spa treatment and it was average (what I can get in Omaha - not great but not terrible). The pool is small but beautiful and the beach is the same. The best part of the Halekulani experience to us was the evening show they have in their outdoor bar area. Beautiful local song and traditional dance which was relaxing and wonderful to watch. Overall, we would not stay at this hotel again for the price and are not overly fussy people. We have had much better experiences at The Venetian in Las Vegas and Broadmore in Colorado Springs which we thought would be comparible to the Halekulani - not even close.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>TheSecret
<Content>Amazing service       Balcony view  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Dessures
<Content>Still perfection       View from Junior Ocean Suite  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnnyreno
<Content>Worth the money?       View from our room at Halekulani (telephoto)  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Astranova
<Content>An Elegant Oasis in Waikiki       View from the partial ocean view room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jenzo
<Content>House befitting Heaven, top notch Hotel and Staff       view from room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>berty101
<Content>Halekulani is heaven!       pool at night  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>avalon1025
<Content>Great Stay at the Halekulani After a less than spectacular stay in September at the Halekulani and no response from the management to a letter and comment card, I returned this past weekend. After 10 years and over 20 visits I had to give the hotel a second chance. Glad I did, the Halekulani was as wonderful as ever. Great service, lovely room and overall that fantastic feeling of staying in this friendly hotel. I did speak to the new GM, who apologized for not responding to my earlier letter and was very nice and made efforts to assure my latest stay was perfect, it was!The stay could not have been more perfect, i look forward to another 20 stays at this special hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kientran
<Content>Amateur Hour at the Halekulani We have stayed more than 12 times at the Halekulani over 10 years. Former Manager Honda was an excellent manager and was capable of running a 5 star property at its best. Its sad to say that the amateur crowd running this hotel seems more adept at running a third- rate Holiday Inn.Rude staff, dated rooms, breakfast with moldy fruit and goons serving in place of professional security are only a few of the problems we suffered. Although paying to stay in a $1,200.00 a night suite, my wife and I were constantly stopped by the amateur security staff by the blunt yelling of the word key which was an apparent request that we provide one. After being chased out of the hotel lobby on more than one occasion, we departed early and informed the hotel we would never return. This had always been our favorite hotel in hawaii and we were treated badly. Please never go there, you will hate yourself for doing it.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>C-Suite
<Content>Not 5 Star Anymore I booked over 6 Months ago for my recent stay over Christmas (Dec 26-Dec 31). I have stayed at the Halekulani over 6 times in the past 5 years and this by far was the worst stay ever. The Hotel was packed for the holidays so the staff said when we asked to change our room...twice. The outside street is very noisy with the Trump Tower being built and the hubub of the new Waikiki Walk. Both times we asked to be switched and were told there was a waiting list. Not the answer I expected from a 5 star hotel, the hyatt gives better service. Nor could we ever get a reservation at Orchids, you would think as a guest we would get priority. Finally, I was truly disappointed in all the staff as they seemed to be overworked, exhausted and showed they did not care at all.I will have to seriously reconsider staying there again which is a shame since the Halekulani was always my first choice for staying on Waikiki.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	1	2	4	

<Author>spurg
<Content>diamond head       view from room 1465  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>attydoc
<Content>Halekulani - Wonderful Experience I stayed at the Halekulani for four nights, departing Christmas day. It was my fourth stay at the hotel, and it lived up to my expectations and was consistent with my previous positive experiences.On check in, my room was not ready, as I arrived at noon. During Christmas, the hotel was very booked, but I asked whether a room in a higher room category might be available. The hostess showed me a diamond head ocean view room (I had booked a partial ocean view), which had a lovely view of diamonhead, but it was on a low floor and overlooked the unsightly rooftop area of the restaurants. I opted, at the hostess's recommendation, to keep my original room. She escorted me to the hospitality suite, but she returned a few minutes later offering to let me take the diamond head room at the same rate of my booked room. I was delighted and accepted the offer. I had room service several times, and the food invariably arrived on time and was fresh and delicious. I even called early one evening to ask for dinner to be sent up at a set time immediately after my spa visit. When I got back to my room, the meal had arrived and was set up beautifully. As other reviewers have mentioned, the service is uniformly excellent, from housekeeping (who called me by name), to the front desk staff to the motor court staff (they brought me a bottle of water while waiting for a friend to arrive). The wait staff in House Without a Key are perhaps a bit slow and lacadaisical, but friendly and responsive. I had brunch with friends in Orchids on the Sunday morning before Christmas, and the food and service were terrific. I agree with some reviewers that the rooms and furnishings are somewhat dated and in need of renovation. I was informed that this was in the works for 2008 or 2009. I am concerned about some of the recent negative reviews, and while my experience was and always has been very positive, I hope the management will address these concerns to ensure that the Halekulani remains the best in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ValleyIsleSoul
<Content>A truly sad experience...would not recommend to anyone especially local people Just to clarify, I attended a function at one of the ballrooms. So I wasn't actually staying at the hotel. I had took my SUV to valet parking, took my ticket from the attendant and proceeded upstairs to the ballroom. I have been here previously, so I knew exactly where to go. I was having a good time. I then decided to go downstairs and smoke a cigarette, which I did off of the hotel grounds. I don't drink, so you cannot factor that into the incident. After I finished, I made my way up to the ballroom, when I was approached from behind by a gentleman in a black suit. He asked me if I needed any help? Right then and there I knew what was going on. Out of a crowd of people, mainly Caucasian and Oriental (Asians), I couldn't believe I was stopped by security personnel. I looked at his name tag, Ben Arnold and I told Ben that I didn't need any help. Of all the people that were walking around  I , a Local Resident, was chosen. I was dressed in an Aloha shirt and slacks. When he stopped me, his body language said I didn't belong here. I went back to the ballroom, but before going in, I decided to use the hotel phone to speak to the MOD (Manager on Duty). The operator paged him but there was no response. Before hanging up, I asked the operator what the manager's name was and she replied, Frank Pulay. I returned to the event and told some of the attendees about the incident and they were shocked, to say the least. Here I am trying to start the New Year off on a good note and this happens to me. Now this incident dampens my mood! I decided to go downstairs to the front desk and personally speak to the Manager on Duty. I spoke to Frank and he apologized. However, it did not seem genuine or sincere. I had asked, Why might  I  have been stopped? I did not approach any of the guests nor did I look like I was wandering around aimlessly. I told him it felt pretty racist to single out a local person. He was unable to answer the question, but still repeating the meaningless apologizes. Disgusted, I made my way back to the ballroom. While walking through the lobby I passed a different security personnel, I acted as if I did not notice him, but I seen him lock his eye's on me. I walked up the stairs, midway up the stairs, I looked to see if he was still looking. Sure enough, he had not moved or changed glance from where I passed him. When I got to the top of the stairs, I glanced over again and his eye's were still on me. You could see the attitude in his eye's and his body language. By this time, I am completely disgusted! After the situations and the incomplete resolution, I feel that the situation was handled poorly by the management staff, treating the incident like it was no big deal. Here I am, writing this complaint! With that being said... To all of you that read this review, hopefully this will help you make your decision whether or not to stay at this hotel. As for the local people, outer island visitors, small business owners and others out there that are considering holding a gathering at the Halekulani...Please be aware that you and your guests may feel No Aloha here.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Atlantatravels
<Content>very peaceful stay We stayed in the Halekulani for 4 nights in September. It is a lovely , peaceful hotel admist all the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. As some other reviewers have stated, it is in need of a bit of refurbishing, but the service is excellent. And yes, the rooms are a bit Hawaii, but not TOO dated (with the exception of the television). We ate in all three restaurants including Le Mer, and the service is top notch at each of them. The spa is very tranquil, again with superb service, if a bit small-ish with not all the same amenities of a larger spa. The personal service made the spa experience a special one, and I really did not feel I missed out on anything, even given its small size. The pool area is quite relaxing, and the attendants exhibit the same great service as the rest of the hotel, bringing cool towels and ice pops throughout the day. Again, very attentive but not overbearing. We are beach people, but found ourselves by the pool each day as it was so relaxing. All in all, I would sum up the stay to be a very pleasurable one and a delightful vacation. If you are vacationing in Waikiki, and want a special enclave to escape, I would recommend staying at the Halekulani.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>islandwebfoot
<Content>Had it with the Halekulani...never again! What has happened to the service and high standards of the Halekulani? It used to be that guest service was of paramount concern, but now the management doesn't even care about the quality of a guest's stay. I have noticed a constant decline during recent stays, and after this last stay I will not return. Our family had booked three rooms there during the Christmas holiday, December 22-27. We wanted to be on the beach, so we chose this property stricly on the merits of its location.The first of many issues occured during the in room check in process, when the hotel tried to put us in a lower category of room, without offering an adjustment on the rate, I informed the clerk that I would not accept the rooms they were offering, but was told that the room category we had booked was not available for part of our stay. After some serious reasoning with management, we were upgraded--which they tried to add to my charge card at checkout!How does this hotel get away with advertising itself as a 5 star resort, and how does it maintain its ranking on the world's best of lists? The rooms are drab and dated, and lack the modern technological amenities that are standard in most hotels these days.Food service is anything but stellar, and service mistakes appear to be regular occurences. Room service delivered our order to the wrong room, and never attempted to make ammends when informed that the food did not arrive. However, when informed of the error, they did manage to bill it to the right room. Imagine that, being billed for a meal that was sent to the wrong room.Enough already! On the second day of our trip, I spoke with a manager at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, and secured rooms in the Alii Tower for the duration of our stay, which was flawless!The Halekulani needs to close for refurbishing, during which they can hire new management and retrain the staff in customer service basics.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Traveler2980
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Experience We stayed at The Halekulani from December 10th, 2007 until December 16th, 2007. We had a wonderful vacation experience. Since we booked a Diamond Head Ocean Room for more than three days we secured the Sunrise Package which meant breakfast was included in our room rate.We had breakfast in House Without A Key. The food was excellent, and our waitress CINDY was spectactular. Although the hotel is very well maintained, the real beauty of The Halekulani is the willingness of the staff to bend over backwards to make sure the guests will have an exceptional vacation. Because we had a late flight back to New York, they allowed us to check out at 7pm instead of the usual checkout time which is noon. Housekeeping was efficient and unobtrusive. The business center has several computers, printers, and paper. We NEVER were charged for using the equipment. They also provided refreshments in the business center and the gym.We paid $625/night for our room. It was expensive, but it was worth every penny.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>randy2724
<Content>Not what I expected I think I had pretty high expectations for this property. It was ranked 16th in the WORLD in 2006 (dropped to 38th in 2007). But there were some annoying issues that one would not expect from one of the best properties on the planet Earth. Let me get the annoying things out of the way and I can focus on what they do right. We were a little early and had to wait for our rooms. this was not their fault, but it could have been handled a little smoother. My friend's room, which he specifically reserved, was not available. They brought up the wrong bags once we did get into our rooms. Room key did not work. Mostly nit-picky stuff I know. I guess I would not have mind as much if the rooms were not so dated. Picture a 1975 bamboo theme. The room itself was and OK size and a nice balcony. The TV was a old Sony Trinatron (no widescreen or HD here). I know that is another nit-picky thing but if you go to a top notch property, you at least want a TV that is as good as home (especially if you are paying $550 a night). It was just another reminder that this place is dated. In all fairness, they are planning a renovation, but they could have done SOME renovations in the meantime. The renovations are WAY overdo. There was also a lot of grumbling about breakfast being moved from the House Without A Key to the Ballroom due to renovations of the kitchen. It reminded me of eating buffet at a convention. They really could have given people the heads-up on this. The regulars were not happy. The food was pretty good...but kind of boring after a week. This hotel has so many Japanese tourists that they serve miso soup, rice, vegetables and salad at breakfast, but no toast or bagels?? What is up with that? There seemed to be a crying, yelling or screaming kid all day long by the pool or the public beach near the property. Thanksgiving dinner was a treat. Lots of neat food. The fish, miso soup, vegetables and salad were all very good. Lots of sushi, seaweed and such. I ate at this part of the buffet first and was very satisfied (coconut clam chowder was awesome!). But when I went back to the traditional Turkey Day food I was disappointed. Turkey was blah, cornbread stuffing was bland, no cranberry sauce or jelly (there was some kind of cranberry syrup). Not a deviled egg or green bean to be had..I missed home a little. What the did right...Service. Besides the problems noted, this place rocks on service. The staff is friendly and professional. It seemed at times there were more staff than guests (and this place is always booked). Waikiki is crazy, noisy and hectic. The Halekulani is an oasis from all that. The best shopping is practically at your door steps, but once you are inside, you are transported to another time and place, quiet, peaceful, tranquil. Eating breakfast at the House Without A Key, next to the ocean as the sun comes up over Diamond Head is an experience to treasure. Lounging by the private pool and the pool-side service is nice (most hotels are open to the public, the Halekulani is not). Every evening they had a band and hula dancer which you can hear from any room, just open your balcony doors. It was nice to hear the music as the sun set. Turndown service is a nice touch (since I tend to make a mess of my room during the day). The little gifts and notes are nice. I would have to say they have the nicest housekeeping staff. Overall, I would say I enjoyed my stay. I came home relaxed and refreshed. It is a GREAT value for Hawaii. Yes, there were a little problems here and there, but they seem to bother the staff that they were not at their best and isn't that what really makes them a world-class property? I can't wait for them to renovate the rooms, because this WILL be one of the top ten in the world. The are so many positives about this place to list, most people return year after year. Will I go back? Absolutely!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tar Heel Bill 92
<Content>Management team needs work--not a 5 star hotel anymore! Some friends and my partner and I recently stayed at the Halekulani for my partner's 50th birthday. It was our 3rd visit to the hotel, which we have always loved. Unfortunately, this latest stay has made us wary of the hotel. To be sure, we didn't experience what a 5 star hotel should be offering, and we knew it was a significant dip from our previous experiences. Please note that we are not the typical wedding guest patron of a 5 star hotel, who visits and is impressed with better service because we usually stay at lesser hotels. We always stay at Four Seasons, Ritz Carleton, Mandarin Oriental, and comparable properties throughout the world, and we usually get at least a 1 bedroom suite at such properties. As such, we have a more discerning eye for service and detail than perhaps the typical guest at such properties might have. We also have higher expectations, since we know what it means to offer 5 star luxury service. We had previously stayed in a Luxury Suite and a Diamond Head Room while at the Halekulani On our last stay, we had air conditioning problems in our Diamond Head Room, so we were kindly upgraded to a Diamond Head Suite--which offered a spectacular view. We were so impressed that on this most recent trip, we went ahead and booked a Diamond Head Suite for $1200 per night. The Diamond Head Suite still offers an incredible view down the coast of Waikiki beach and onto the Diamond Head crater. However, we were disappoitned to see that the furnishings and design were unchanged from our last visit some 3 years ago...and were the same as those in the regular rooms. Though large and offering a great view, 5 star hotels need to keep things fresh, and our room looked and felt dated. To be sure, the Vera Wang Suite might be fresh and new, but no other rooms in the hotel, even suites, seem to be!We had numerous service problems. Our room service order for our first night included the wrong entrees for 2 people. When we called, all we were given was an apology. We had to demand that the entrees be taken off the bill. Not impressive. Most 5 star hotels would have offered the meal gratis after such a blunder. Next, the breakfast buffet, ordinarily one of the most impressive, was pitiful. The offerings were far more limited, and it was located in another area of the hotel offering no real views. Previously, the buffet was offered in the Hous Without a Key, but we were not warned that it would be undergoing renovation, as we should have on booking and certainly before arrival. Next, our room service breakfast order did not even come as ordered for our second morning. In fact, the order was never even picked up from our door the previosu night! We complained but only received an apology for the miscue. Before we left for our diving that day, I told the concierge manager that we expected the hotel to make amends for such an egregious error that cost us a nice relaxing breakfast before our full day of diving. We were assured the matter would be handled. On return to the hotel, we found a message from a room service manager apologizing for the error and offering us a free bottle of red wine--the same cheap bottle of red wine provided free of charge when we arrive! We were outraged by this lack of consideration for the breakfast error. At very least, we would have expected to be offered a free lunch! I complained to the General Manager's assistant, and after repeated phone calls and messages, I was finally able to speak with Ms. Clapoff, General Manager. Ms. Clapoff was unwilling to heed my wishes that I did not wish to recount the events for a 3rd time, and she was insolent and completely unprepared to make amends. She almost accused me of lying (as if we hadn't put out our breakfast order, even though we had done exactly that the previous night, too!), and she seemed more interested in doing what she wanted to do and not interested in listening to what we wanted and how we felt about what had happened. In all my years of staying at 5 star resorts and hotels, I have never deal with a manager as clueless and insolent as Ms. Clapoff. Later that day, my partner called back to see what the hotel might be doing about the incident only to discover that Ms. Clapoff has wiped her hands clean of the matter and had gone from for the day!Needless to say, we were totally outraged. Our final service blunder occurred at La Mer, the only 5 star restaurant in all of Hawaii. They did it again! We ordered 4 entrees as part of our 4 course meals, and we were brought the wrong 4 entrees! It was comical. They did let us work on the wrong entrees and bring us the correct entrees after another 20 minutes or so, but that is unforgiveable when you are paying $100 per person with $250 bottles of wine intended to match the entrees we are eating! Not even a mediocre restaurant could get away with that, and again, we were offered no recompense for the error.On return to the mainland, after recounting the tragedy of our visit and how Ms. Clapoff handled things, several of our friiends and my clients remarked on similar experiences which have caused them to not return to the Halekulani. We must concur. After a few weeks back, I wrote to the Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Peter Shaindlin, through his executive assistant, Ms. Nancy Azeri. Several weeks have passed and I still have heard nothing from anyone at the Halekulani, despite having forwarded the same letter to Mr. Shaindlin directly, as well as to Erica Kauffman and Kate Laufer, two other executives with the Halekulani. Thus far, I have absolutely no response from the Halekulani, to its shame.Basically, the Halekulani is clearly suffering from poor management. It is a wonderful property that is in sore need to better management and a serious facelift. Until that happends, all we can say is stay away--it is DEFINITELY not a 5 star hotel anymore...much to our dismay.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CustomerBoston
<Content>Great experience Had a great experience at the Halekulani. Excellent service, wonderful room. Beautiful hotel. What more can I possibly say??  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DDT-HK
<Content>Room location dependent Stayed a 3 nights in early Nov 2007. Had booked a Sea Front room and got upgraded to a Diamond Head room that was located at the very tip of the building nearest the sea. The view from this was admittedly spectacular and probably justifies the rate they are asking for it. But given the layout of the hotel, most of the other rooms have very ordinary views or no views at all, so either get the most expensive or the least expensive room - anything in between is neither here nor there. As for the rest of the hotel, it was nice but I would not say spectacular, esp given the price. Rooms are well fitted out but overall the buildings are feeling their age. Pool was nice but small, beach out front has very course sand, the restaurants were fine. Service was generally good.Hence my summary advice is to do it in style and stay in a Diamond Head room - that way you really feel you are staying somewhere special, otherwise despite the hype its just another luxury hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CityGalChicago
<Content>Ultimate service at a intimate slice of paradise We鈥檝e recently returned from our 2 week trip to Hawaii which included our wedding and honeymoon. The first leg of our trip involved a five night stay at the Halekulani, where we also held our wedding, and then the Four Seasons Manele Bay on Lanai for the honeymoon. I grew up in Hawaii and the Halekulani has always had a reputation for being one of the best on the island; however, this was the first time I had an occasion to stay at the hotel. It was certainly worthwhile! Anyone who has been to Waikiki knows that it is a very busy place鈥攃ars and people everywhere, not to mention noisy too. The Halekulani is an oasis in Waikiki! Once you are greeted by the very friendly valets, you step into a quiet and elegant hotel. Check-in involved walking right up to the counter, giving your name and then being escorted by someone to your room where you sit on the couch to complete the process. We stayed in a corner junior suite that had a balcony with unobstructed views of Diamond Head on one side and a Juliet balcony on the other with perfect views of the ocean. Below us there was the outdoor patio for House Without a Key. Musicians on the patio would play live Hawaiian music every night, which would pleasantly drift into the room. Instead of curtains, there were beautiful shutter doors that could be adjusted for privacy, but still allowed the ocean breezes and music in.  The room was simple and beautiful. Since we were there for our wedding, we had an opportunity to visit some of our guests and see the garden view rooms as well and the sizes of the rooms were decent. (People need to be mindful that this is Waikiki and that rooms tend to run on the small side. Rooms we鈥檝e stayed in other hotels accommodated the bed and little else.) There were very thoughtful touches in the room like fresh flowers, fruit, extremely comfortable linens on the bed and even Hawaiian CDs to play.  The food was amazing! We had multiple meals at House without a Key鈥攁ll of which were fresh and delicious. My husband and I, being from Chicago, took advantage of the alfresco dining. My only wish is that they offered more entrees there to try! We had a tasting for our wedding buffet at Orchids. The two different kinds of fish, one in a light miso butter sauce and the other steamed in ginger, were exquisite. I鈥檇 like to note also that our wedding guests (both local and from the mainland) raved about the food during the reception. Unfortunately we were unable to make it to La Mer, but it is on our list for our next visit. We spent one afternoon at the beach and the pool. If you are looking for a large resort with its own private beachfront property, this is not the hotel for you鈥攁nd neither is any other hotel in Waikiki. If that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e looking on Oahu, you may want to look at the Ihilani or Turtle Bay instead. Yes, the beach in front of the hotel is very tiny, but it鈥檚 actually a nice little spot to enjoy the ocean. It鈥檚 easy to walk farther down to access the main part of Waikiki Beach. The pool is a decent size. I probably would not recommend it if you have children who want to play in the pool all day--this is more for taking a dip in or for swiming a couple of laps. (By the way, if you are looking for an entertaining pool, the Grand Wailea on Maui has a fabulous system of pools the kids would love.)  What really makes the Halekulani special is the service. It seems that every single person that works there takes pride not only in their work, but also in working for this hotel. They really go out of their way to make your stay incredibly pampered and special. It鈥檚 a subtle but important difference from most hotels. It seems that at many places, people are trying to be nice to get a tip, but here it seemed like they were nice because it was important to them. Shortly after we arrived, most of the staff not only knew our names, but also that we were getting married. We were frequently greeted by name by housekeeping and the valets. The valets and bell staff were so incredibly helpful. Arriving a few days before the wedding meant that there were so many errands to run and they were always there to get the car quickly and then have things run up to our room so we didn鈥檛 have to. They even gave us bottles of cold water and offered towels too!  Overall, it was such a memorable and positive experience at the Halekulani. It is pricey, but worth it! It outshined the Four Seasons鈥攚hich is not an easy thing to do. If you鈥檙e looking for somewhere private and quiet where the staff anticipates your needs and makes you feel like a special guest, then this is the place for you. By the way, if you are looking for fun, there are many bars and restaurants within walking distance right on Lewers. We are certainly looking forward to our next stay here!  Wedding We were so happy that we chose this hotel for our wedding and reception. Our Catering Coordinator, Ai Saranillo was excellent. She was very responsive and extremely helpful in taking care of our needs鈥攚hich was important since we were doing this from Chicago. (Also, to anyone who may need a wedding coordinator, we would highly recommend Weddings by Mona and Grace. Mona Hirata will take very good care of your special day.) We looked at other top hotels as well, the Kahala Hotel (great location but high minimum), Sheraton Moana Surfrider (too crowded) and the Sheraton Royal Hawaiian (great location, but people were unresponsive) Because the hotel keeps outside people from loitering on the property, it is quiet and never crowded. Our wedding guests were able to mingle and lounge near the courtyard while they waited for the ceremony to begin. It almost felt like we had the whole area to ourselves for the wedding! I have to say that the event and banquet staff did an impeccable job of setting everything up and serving the guests. Again, service at this hotel is number one!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tmlowe
<Content>Not a Five Star Hotel This is not a 5-star hotel!!! After reading so many good reviews about this hotel including those on TripAdvisor, I booked this hotel and thought I would be staying a luxury property. Don't make the same mistake. The rooms and furniture are outdated and worn. The toiletries in the bathroom are Super 8 quality. The HWOK restaurant is under renovation and we had to eat breakfast in a conference room with stackable catering chairs - It was disgusting. I tried the spa and it was very average and very overpriced. There is decent shopping nearby and we had a great dinner at Nobu across the street. I would never stay here again. I would give this hotel a 3+ star rating and consider that generous.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>mrslucyk
<Content>House Befitting Heaven       Entrance  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meechmom
<Content>Love the Halekulani!!! Stayed here for our 2nd visit to the Halekulani. Truly the House of Heaven!! The entire staff are exceptional. I had been correspnding via e-mail with one of the managers, and when we arrived, he introduced himself at check in. We love this place so much!! The new Shopping Center on Lewers is so convenient, just a few shorts steps away, has a variety of shops and restaurants. The design of the shopping center is is made to look like a giant wave. Waikiki is going through lots of contsruction and updates, but none of this interfered with our trip.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelhelpfromLiz
<Content>Horrible Customer Service Awful.... and shocking considering what I was expecting from this hotel. I called AND e-mailed 5 weeks in advance of my family's arrival to purchase a gift certificate for them. The Concierge referred me to the woman at the hotel who handles all of these requests, and I was e-mailed a form to e-mail back with my credit card information. I e-mailed it immediately. I waited. Waited. Waited more. I sent a copy to the Concierge as well. Then I sent a copy of all of this to the hotel's General Manager, seeing as I am a hotel Assistant General Manager, so I know that this is the way to get things happening. Guess what? No response from the General Manager either. Truly awful and inhospitable behavior.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LARQuincy_IL
<Content>Best on the Beach There is no disputing that the Halekulani is the best hotel on Waikiki Beach. The service - impeccable. The staff - outstanding. The rooms - perfect. The view - awesome.The most outstanding feature is the privacy that one has on such a crowded beach. The Halekulani provides a perfect respite that provides a private resort setting on one of the world's most crowded public beaches. It even has its own private beach.We have stayed at many hotels on Waikiki and the Halekulani, by far, is the jewel in the crown. Tip: Ask for a Diamond Head view. The view is incredible.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tsukubaman
<Content>You can't do better for luxury/price We stayed there in late September . This does seem to be an ideal time to go to Hawaii as we were upgraded , without inquiring , right away . As the previous poster mentioned , the 9th floor is a gem . Fortunately we had both a Diamond Head and ocean view . The room was up to most Asian pricey hotel standards which is very high , folks , not a thing out of place , nor even a slight stain to be found . Housekeeping and maintenence, can be applauded here for sure ! The room was modern ( AC turns off automatically if you open the vernda doors ) , and the bathroom wonderfully relaxing with lots of nice ammenities , such as fine bath salts , etc .Check -in is very personalized ; almost to the point where you would like them to just let you be . Kudos , however, for their efforts - we were just a bit tired I guess , and I'm sure most people would appreciate it more than I did .The grounds are lovely , small , but personal , in that as a guest ,one feels comfortable and relieved to be there and out of the daily Oahu/Waikiki grind . Not as many sight-seers combing the grounds 24/7 as at The Royal . The staff seem to know or sense who is a guest and who is just having a look . In fact , one of the elevator features only allows registered guests with a room card to use the elevators , keeping non-guests confined to the lobby and open spaces . It does add to quietness and comfort if that is what you are looking for .The pool is lovely and the beach is smaller than what other hotels have for an ocean frontage . However , Waikiki is huge - so take a little walk , if you must , a few minutes or so , and you'll have all the sand you could wish for .The Restaurant Le Mer is not to be missed . You will pay top dollar , but if you aren't in Hawaii that often - what the h*ll ?! Right ?! If a few bucks on the menu make you irritated , pause, and try to think of a better setting for a lovely meal and what you may pay for that . The service and food are world -class , and I hope you enjoy your meal as much as we did . Try to get a table with a open window - which usually means taking the earliest sitting at 6:00pm . Mai-Tai's at the Halekelani are also superior to any of the other hotels I've tried in Waikiki . We tried a night swim ( empty beach : ) ) , and had a lovely sleep , peaceful sleep on a wonderful bed . At $660.00 , no doubt , that's a bit steep of a price ... but again , think - when will you next be in Hawaii , and where was the last hotel you would bother writing about fondly : ) ?!Enjoy !  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>afc76
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Halekulani- we'll be back!       View from our partial oceanview room's balcony (about a 30-45 degree turn to the right)  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squirrelone
<Content>A nice hotel Stayed here for 2 nights on the way home recently. It is a nice hotel and gives the vibe of being a 5 star hotel. The service was friendly and professional. The room tastefully done though agree with others it is pretty tiny (we were in a Diamond Head view room). Basically it is smaller than most 5 star big city hotels and could do with some updating.We ate at the cafe for afternoon tea which I recommend. We also had drinks on the terrace one night which is a nice way to spend an hour but it is very popular.We did not use the pool cause it was tiny and packed out. Instead we spent our time on the balcony looking at the view which was very good. I am not sure it is worth the price for what you get but it is a sophisticated hotel which does play to its strengths.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sm0
<Content>Fantastic We have just had a week at the Halekulni, and we have had a fantastic time. The location was just the best - the shops and beach right on your doorstep. Great Spa, and wonderful restaurants. We had a sea view room, and it was great -loved the hugh bathroom and walk through wardrobes!Service was great, and everyone friendly - did not want to leave this little bit of heaven.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GinnieLB
<Content>Racial profiling by security guards! My wonderful time at the Halekulani was ruined by their security guards. Although we paid a lot of money to stay in a premium Diamond Head view room for a week stay, I was made to feel like a criminal that was about to rob the hotel whenever I went back to my room. The security guards that patrol the grounds are obviously ignorant to what a person with money looks like. I was born in Hawaii but I am living in California. Being part Hawaiian, I have darker skin. I dress very elegantly at all times and carry myself with class, but since I have dark skin, I was watched and followed by these thugish security guards. I absolutely enjoyed the property, I enjoyed numerous meals at La Mer  Orchids but I felt very insulted that I was made to feel like I didn't belong there by the guards. I was even followed up to my floor and watched until I walked into my room. They assumed I was going to break into a room, even though you need a card key to access the elevator and room. I would not have been monitored if I were Japanese or White. I would NOT stay there again, I would prefer to go to a true five star hotel, that makes you feel welcome regardless of your race.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mizlizNYC
<Content>it's about service and location, not amenities If you're looking for a Four Seasons luxury type of hotel, then the Halekulani isn't for you. But if you want a hotel that has more of a local sensibility, then consider the Halekulani. I'd heard such great things about the legendary Halekulani that I was surprised to see white wicker furniture in our room, and that the wall separating the living room from our bedroom was actually french doors, making it completely unsoundproofed. And the beach was almost nonexistent. But then, this isn't a resort a la Maui or the Caribbean. It's a hotel in the middle of the city! In fact, the Halekulani is in a great location, with prime shopping areas nearby.The Halekulani isn't about amenities. It's about service, and Hawaiian hospitality, which it offers in abundance. The staff is unfailingly polite, and always smiling. Housekeeping was perfect, and room service was also. The restaurant staff always tried to accomodate our needs. The concierge suggested activities for us, and places where we could try local food. They happily booked all our restaurant reservations.So the service is great. All the Halekulani needs is to update its rooms, and expand its spa, and it could easily become a world class hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>dsibilla
<Content>Not a Five Star Hotel This hotel was nice, but definetely not a five star as rated. The staff was very nice. As with most of Hawaii, the pool area is extremely crowded. Pool chairs cover every inch of ther pool and grass. And the beach is extremely small... not somewhere that you want to swim. The furniture in the room was very dated and again, not five star. If you like to shop, the location is good... lots of stores and restaurants around.Overall, for how much this hotel cost I was very dissappointed.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>laurenlovesparis
<Content>Wonderful!       view of the pool  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Adelinna
<Content>Truely Befitting heaven The most lovely hotel with service that was Perfect. We were going on a cruise and spent 2 nights at the hotel and truely there is not enough space to write about its beauty and service. The food was wonderful and just everything about the hotel made our stay so special. I loved the suntan lotion available by the pool side for anyone who didn't have their bottle with them. Just one of the lovely special touches no other hotel I ever stayed at offered. ThanksMahalo Halekulani  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kimmie49
<Content>Halejulani-true 5 star in my book       bathroom pictures  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bella13Mass
<Content>Great Beds We stayed at Halekulani for 7 nights the first week in August. Everyting was great, the services were great. They answered any questions that we had. We needed a rent car they had it already for us in very short time. My girls wanted to swin with the dolphins, they set it up in mintues. It is those little things that matter when you are on vaction. The rooms, clean all the time, the beds were great. They even printed our bording passes. We would go back the Halekulani.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paradisetraveler1
<Content>Incredible, one-of-a-kind experience We held our destination wedding in Hawaii and stayed at the Halekulani. It was an INCREDIBLE experience that is unlike any other five-star resort. Upon arrival, we were greeted with a fresh plate of fruit and gourmet chocolates, and they also sent us a beautiful bottle of champagne to congratulate us on our wedding. Each night, there would be a poetic momento and note on our pillow for the evening bed turn-down. The breakfast downstairs at Room Without a Key is amazing -- I only wish that they would make Portuguese Sausage a staple in their selection of omelet ingredients. We also went to the Halekulani Spa, which was an experience unlike any other. The staff is incredibly courteous, gracious, and really cater to all of your needs - even the ones you did not know you had! We thought a lot about which hotel to stay in during our wedding, and we know that we 100% made the right choice by staying at Halekulani. It is no wonder that it is one of the leading hotels in the world. If you have a special occasion, such as your wedding or honeymoon, it is certainly worth the splurge!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Angeleve76
<Content>Pure perfection! We stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon and it was unbelieveable! We received French champagne and cheeses and fruits and crackers when we arrived. Everytime we left they would give us towels at the valet parking site with cold water bottles and apples. They used our name at all times, as if they knew us personally! Breakfast was so good every morning with fresh omelets and a variety of choices. We had dinner at La Mer and were treated superlatively!! We had purchased a surfboard at an art place on the other side of the island and no one would ship it for us at the Post Office! Almost missing our flight we arrived back to the hotel to pick up our luggage and I was upset, the valet parking attendant immediately picked up on this and said the conceierge would arrange for FedEx to pick up our surfboard at their desk and ship it to our house. They called to confirm 3 hours later! NOTHING went wrong at our stay. Spoiled rotten at every turn. We wished that we had stayed longer then 4 days and can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FL_songbird
<Content>Serene Oasis on busy Waikiki Beach Halekulani is by far our favorite for location, customer service, attention to detail, and comfort to date. It is expensive but an indulgence we were willing to pay for perfection on Waikiki beach. Visit website for specials and packages or call the hotel directly for reservation and ask for special family room package - book one room/get second room for nearly 1/2 price. They honored all of our requests. We travelled as family of four - two adults and two teens. We had two fabulous adjacent Diamond Head rooms which not only had their own door but shared a mutual front door and small entry hall. I was impressed by the front desk rep who personally walked us up to our room where we finished registration in private. Tray of fresh tropcial fruits, chocolates and bottled water was waiting for us in our room was welcoming after long flight. The view was the best! Nightly entertainment we enjoyed from our private balcony. An ABC store down the street for wine and/or snacks. Take advantage of the hotel concierge desk who can get you anything you desire from a car rental to Oahu tours. Halekulani has arrangement with local art galleries, museums and orchestra venue for free admission as a guest of the hotel. Make sure you visit the concierge for details. Even though we leave our work and computer behind at home check out the business center for coffee/tea/snack and first 1/2 hour internet free to check e-mails (Unlike Hilton which charges). Room service was terrific. Exercise room was good. Did not use spa services but will when I return. House without a Key was good for buffet breakfast and lunch although service a little slow. Orchids was more formal table service for breakfast because buffet was too busy. Dinner at Orchids was alright but vegetarian selection was not the best. I would try one breakfast/one dinner at the hotel and maybe seek your meals elsewhere if you have time and seek variety. Skip afternoon tea in the lounge. It was overpriced and selection not the best. The location; however, is great for people watching. Lots of great shopping and restaurants are one minute walk from hotel or a short taxi ride. Nabu and Roy's, ? Steakhouse are right across the street (so is Denny's). Outrigger next door has interesting open air beach restaurant. If you like historic old hotels the Royal Hawaiian is two hotels down the beach - get a famous mai tai or attend their luau. We strolled around Waikiki but couldn't wait to get out of the hustle of crowd and return to our tranquil hotel. This place is all about slowing down. Even with Outrigger next door under renovations and Trump building another god awful eyesore - Halekulani was an oasis. Only wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller5star
<Content>Double standards When we arrived and saw the view from our ocean front room we were amazed and thought that this was indeed heaven. The bedroom and facilities were also very comfortable.However our initial thoughts soon turned to disappointment on the next morning when, having been told that you are not allowed to reserve pool chairs, that all of the pool chairs with shade had been reserved with towels.(They were already reserved by 7.30am!) When we queried this we were rudely told by the pool staff that those people were around, but as we could see only 5 people in the pool and 30 chairs reserved we argued the point, only to be told that it is hotel policy not to reserve chairs. It all became apparent what was going on when we saw money change hands to a pool attendant from two guests who had 4 sunbeds, two chairs, a table and shade reserved! So therefore double standards exist as it is apparent that if you pay the pool attendants some money that you can indeed reserve as many chairs as you want. We advised the management accordingly who said that they would look into the matter.Further to this we do not find acceptable in a hotel of this standard a wait of 45 (yes 45) minutes for breakfast at House without a key. There were many empty tables so I do not understand why there was any wait at all. We decided to go at 10.30 to the buffet brunch at Orchids instead - only to be told that no seating was available until 2pm.Outside people come into the hotel for breakfast and there is no priority for paying guests. Management are aware of the problem but are not prepared to do anything about it. If we had known this we definitely would not have taken the sunrise package which includes breakfast.NOT 5 STAR SERVICE EXPECTED FOR THE PRICEWe will definitely not be returning.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pigskin07
<Content>Above and beyond       Look at this view..from our room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbj
<Content>Absolutely loved it! We are from the island but we just wanted to get away for the weekend, also to celebrate. The view of the Diamond Head and the ocean is gorgeous both day and night. The dining is excellent. My favorite is the La Mer, such a fine and exquisite dining. The Lewers lounge is a great place to have a drink or two while listening to jazz or piano. We were greeted at the reception and taken to our room by our escort. When we got there, there was a bowl of fruit and box of delicious chocolates. We finished our check-in in the room, so in the event that the room is not to our satisfaction, our escort was there to make it happen. Cute little touches of orchid, cards and cute gifts like the hotel's signature key chain. Room is made at least twice a day or more if you do desire. Acknowledging us by name was a very nice touch too. It seemed like they know us already. It is quite expensive though (to some may not be but just be prepared for the bill) but the ambience is there.For more info: check out the Best Of Hawaii on Travel channel, even Samantha Brown stated that Halekulani is the best in Oahu and La Mer is the only 5 star dining in the area as well.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kapaluagolfer
<Content>Outstanding Place to Stay!!.....5+ Star Gem You want a 5 star hotel?...this is it!!! The Halekulani is second to none, absolutely outstanding. My wife and I stayed for 5 nights, June 25 - 30th, and never wanted to leave. Everything at the hotel was perfect..the food, the room, the view and the service. We had a Diamond Head Oceanfront Room, which had an incredible view. The room was very clean and when they came by for the nightly turndown service, a little gift was always left on the pillow which would help you remember your stay at the Halekulani. My wife loved this nice gesture.  The staff was always there for whatever you needed and always willing to go the extra distance to see that you were taken care of properly. I can not say enough about the service you receive here. All the staff is extremely pleasant, and always have a smile on their faces. We had the breakfast buffet added on as part of our room package...well worth it. The morning buffet at House Without a Key is great. A big selection of breakfast meals and omlets prepared fresh while you wait. We had dinner at Orchids before we left and the food there was delicious also, a bit pricey but worth it. In all, if you want an incredible experience of staying at a great hotel while in Oahu, then stay here, you won't be disappointed. I wish I could say the samething about our stay at The Westin on Maui.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>krisSydney_Australia
<Content>When you want perfect service.... Often you look at the website of a hotel and the room you get is nothing like what is shown. When I asked what the room looked like and what the view would be like when I booked, I was directed to the web site. I must admit I didn't believe the girl when she said that was how it would look, but I have to admit I was wrong. It was amazing. Exactly like their photo. The room, the bathroom, the resort and the restaurants were all fabulous. The only thing that was better than the hotel itself, were the staff - arguably the most obliging I have ever seen. Little things like covers being placed over the very comfortable sun beds, ice blocks being handed out around the pool and lovely, lovely people make this a great place. It's also doesn't feel crowded which is something in itself considering you are in the heart of Oahu. One thing you must do is order room service breakfast, it was a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leenetten
<Content>Amazing My family and my 2 year old son stayed at this hotel in september it was well worth the money. I spent months researching the hotels and I am glad I choose this one. I booked my reservation far in advance. I ate breakfast there everymoring and it was fabulous. My 2 year odered pancakes one moring and it was made up like a similely face with blueberries and wipe cream. The staff was wonderful and the beds were very comfortable. We stayed on a high floor and it was a oceanfront room. The view was breathtaking. Do not forget to check out the cheesecake factor, polynesian cultural center and the home of the breath tour was wonderful. They even have security people dressed in black. Also the spa was nice. The beach is a little on the small side but if you walk futher down there is futher space.This hotel is the best. I am going back next year.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scottca075
<Content>Never Disappointing       Pool from Rm 439  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Swimmer_Sanguinetti
<Content>Honest and Candid Pro's and Con's of the Halekulani This was our second stay at the Halekulani and we will no doubt plan a third stay quite happily. PRO'S:1. Very gracious and attentive service, from the bellman to the person who personally escorts you to your room, to our friendly happy room service personnel and so sweet housekeepers.2. Beautiful, well maintained and spacious suites.3. Great restaurants, excellent room service. Example: one evening my husband and I wanted our dinner well after sunset on the lani. Theroom service staff arranged our table just so and perfectly positioned up to the rail, kept our dinner in the warmer inside the room, and when he stood back, decided it was too dark and whipped back into the room to unplug a floor lamp, plugged it outside in a corner behind us, and turned the light down on the lowest setting for atmosphere and just the right amount nice dim diffused light. He was so friendly and happy...Can't say enough about room service.4. Nice pool, good drink servers, clientel are quiet and children well behaved and respect adults and their space.5. Cleaning service was fantastic. Room was always made up spotless and evening turndown was super nice. Aside from a change of towels and refreshing of room and ice, a soft towel draped on the floor right where you get in and out of bed, an agenda for the next day, and a special gift left atop your bed (and I don't mean a mint. Seeextra niceities below.)6. Bed linins were nice and fresh and a super comfy down conforter.7. Loved all the white shutters in the room. All the sliding door shutters were retractable and when fully open (which was the vast majority of the time since we were oceanfront), they pull back along the wall in a straight line, providing a beautiful wall of shutters versus a mere wall.8. I would highly recommend a stay in the Junior Ocean Suite. Ask andbe very clear that you want a room as high up as possible and on the Diamond Head side. The Junior Suites on the Diamond Head side (and I stress Diamond Head side) have a super private lanai where there are no adjacent neighboring balconies plus you get a juliet balcony facing front. While not sittable on, you leave the doors open all thetime for those wonderful breezy tradewinds to go between the 2 balconies.9. We like the beach in front of the Halekulani abeit it is on the small side. However, there are nice bodysurfing waves here whereas the rest of Waikiki Beach tends have a wading pool ocean per se.10. Little extra niceities: the manager had a beautiful tropical flower arrangement for us in our room waiting for us, a lovely planter of tropical fruits, later on their was a discreet knock on the door and a chiller and champagne on ice arrived accompanied by chocolate covered Maui sweet strawberries covered with macadamia nuts - yum! We also received a Managers Invite for cocktails 2 nightsof our 5 day stay and every night at turndown, we got a lovely littlegift. One night a lovely carved koa wood piece, one night a packet of Halekulani recipes, another night a beautiful sea shell... CONS:1. On our first trip to the Halekulani in 2003, we were surprisingly upgraded from a Junior Ocean Suite (which runs ~ $750 / night) to a Diamond Head Suite (which runs ~ $1,500 / night). We were totally WOWED. Not so much by the room although it was super beautiful, but by their gesture. On our stay this time, we were not upgraded which in and of itself is not the negative. The negative was we were VERY VERY CLEAR with our Travel Agent that we wanted a Junior Ocean Suite facing Diamond Head and as high up as possible. I am confident she relayed our wishes. However when we checked in and waited to be taken to our room, our escort pushed floor 4 (out of 9), and took us to our corner room but I knew when she headed to the right suite versus the left suite, that we were not overlooking Diamond Head. She was talking non-stop and I did not feel comfortable interrupting. We went inside the room and it was beautiful, but when she whisked the 2 slider doors open, even the front juliet balcony had a peekaboo view and the large side lani where you would sit, relax, dine, had no view whatsoever, other than their other tower which resulted in a complete lack of privacy on the lani (we are real clear about our need for lani privacy with our TA as well as when making our own travel arrangements). I can only guess the Halekulani did not read our special request or somehow it did not get on our reservation. I am also not the type of pushy tourist who stands at the front desk and verifies I am getting the right room or not. We are at one of if not THE nicest hotels in Hawaii after all. So my husband went back downstairs and spoke to the front desk very nicely and requested the Diamond Head side and as high up as possible. We ended up across the hall on the side we should have had to begin with. By no means did we have the view we wanted from a heighth perspective, but it was FAR better.2. Their swimming pool is beautiful, however, the temperature is kept quite high. This poses an issue when you want to cool down; however if you are an ocean swimmer like us, we loved showering the sand off then warming ourselves up in their pool. 3. Our room being only on the 4th floor out of 9 was practically on top of their Executive Patio Area where they hold weddings and parties. We actually enjoyed the festivities and we were about 50 feet above it. However, when barbeque time came, the smoke drove us indoors and we had to shut our lanai and balcony doors. On the upside, this was only a minor inconvenience, we soon went back outside after about 20 minutes, and we were thus starving for barbeque! :- )******Well, you can see there are FAR more PRO's to this review -- which is why we will be back, and this time, for the perfect stay, I willdiscretely verify at check in that we are getting the room of our wishes. Partly our fault I guess, but again, we aren't forceful people and since our first stay getting upgraded was so incredible, we did not feel micromanaging their front desk room assignment was required. Enjoy your sure-to-be wonderful stay at the Halekulani!!! You will feel you are right in the thick of all the Waikiki activities yet so removed and in your little spot of Heaven.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jdoss
<Content>did not want to leave This was our third time there, we all stayed in diamond head ocean front rooms and as always it was amazing. Great service  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mowaca
<Content>Halekulani We stayed in a ocean front room for 3 nights on a spa package May 22-25th, and I thought the Halekulani was a great hotel, we really enjoyed our stay, but I doubt we'll come back.The rooms aren't huge, but they are well designed with a very nice bathroom and great views. We relaxed by just sitting on the lanai watching the surfers, listening to the evening entertainment, etc. Gray's Beach is pretty non-existent, which means you get to listen to the surf hitting the seawall all night...very relaxing. The bigger parts of Waikiki are a short walk east. The pool area is very nice - we appreciated after the fact the pool staff don't hassle you constantly counting how many towels you use. Not a pool for kids - just a big shallow oval that looks cool.The staff overall do a great job with customer service, although I found it interesting I asked for a Tempurpedic pillow and they had no idea what I was talking about. The concierge was very friendly, although I was kind of irked when I asked about how to get somewhere and my $7 cab ride was actually $22 cab ride. We traveled without kids, but we noticed quite a few children here and I really felt bad - its not exactly the most kid-friendly hotel. I didn't think the hotel was a terribly good value - we could have stayed at the mega-Sheraton next door for much less and had the same view. We didn't eat in the restaurants except for breakfast - there's too many good options nearby (Duke's and Roy's were our favorites).  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fdldd
<Content>Excellent Staff, Lovely View, Nice Room! We arrived late at night (approx 11pm) at the Halekulani on May 23rd to begin a 4-night stay. We had made our reservations via American Express Platinum Travel Service at a rate, including tax and a breakfast credit worth $46 per day, of $565 per night. I had arranged with Frank Hernandez, one of the helpful concierges available online prior to our arrival, for there to be champagne and chocolate covered strawberries in our room. These were there, along with a fresh fruit platter, compliments of the house. The room itself was very nice, #1258, facing into the main courtyard where the hotel restaurants are located (House with a Key in one building facing the pool which is between the other two wings; Orchids/La Mer in another building, which an informative booklet on the coffee table explained was the original building of the spread, dating from the 1800鈥檚). The room had a minute entranceway and to the left was the bathroom and just before it, a minibar area. Inside was the bedroom with one king bed, a settee at the end of the bed, two bed tables with reading lamps affixed to the wall (separate controls), a master lighting control console on the far side of the bed, 3 person sofa with matching wing chair, coffee table as mentioned before, end table, desk/chair combo and dresser/TV/stereo console. On the balcony was a chaise lounge, small side table with the lounge, a round dining table for two and two chairs.I found it strange that the mini bar was not stocked. The bellman explained that we could request what we wanted from room service, or stock it ourselves from a local shop. We decided to do a combination of both, as our hotel did not sell some of the sodas, beverages, and other snacks we care for. There are numerous ABC stores all over Waikiki to help with such stocking up, and in fact they were running promotions (not always announced) that if you save your receipts, you get gifts starting at $100 (and believe me, you will be hard pressed to spend less than that over a few days at your snack/drink/sundries shop!).The bathroom had a large soaking tub, separate enclosed glass shower, and separate water closet. The doors in all the room were fixed-shutter style. This was nice aesthetically, but in practically was a bit uncomfortable 鈥?who wants to hear exactly what is going on in the latrine?! Also odd, but slightly more practical, was that the closet could be accessed from either the bedroom or the bathroom side. In the closet could be found the complimentary safe, various plastic bags for laundry and dry cleaning (we did not use this service, but were grateful to find that the hotel provided 鈥渨ashing powder鈥?for our swimsuits and a mini-clothes line in the bathroom as they forbid the hanging of items over the balcony). Also complimentary was the shoeshine service, though we did not have need for that either. Among the typical toiletries of shampoo, conditioner, two kinds of soap (face, bath), sewing kit, nail kit, shower cap, shoeshine sponge, mouthwash and sanitary napkin disposal bag was a delightful mini-service of bath salts. These, along with bottled water, were replaced daily (though our original bellman had said that the water was a one time deal, our tips to the housekeepers of $5 per day seemed to encourage extra service!).The room itself was climate controlled except when the sliding door to the terrace was opened, and we chose to keep the door open most of the time so that the sound of the ocean filled the room all day! The d茅cor of the room itself was white-on-white. It appeared to be very well maintained with only some staining (minor) of the carpet near the front door. In my opinion, this felt like one of the cleanest rooms we had been in within recent memory. Even the white rug in the bathroom (edged in a cool turquoise blue) was super-clean!The only physical defect in the room was that the cordless phone did not work. No big deal, as there was a phone in the WC and also one on the desk. Also, strangely, the wireless internet cut out one day and did not come back on, though it worked fine at the pool. Again, no big deal, as the Ethernet cable worked. Best of all, there was no additional charge for the internet! Our room came with breakfast included in the rate. I would say that if that had not been the case, we would not likely have eaten downstairs but instead in our room enjoying the view. We each had a 鈥淧assport鈥?with room for the seating attendant to stamp for our daily morning meal. This seemed a bit old school and not in a good way. We prefer to sign for the meals and then, if need be sort out any overages later. We ate 3 days at the Orchids restaurant for brekkie and one day, a Sunday, at the House Without a Key. The food was very good, nearly excellent in both (I reserve excellent for establishments that bake their own bread and correct cook my eggs; these did not do either). The fresh fruit was always ripe, the coffee well made (except one day there was one weak pot, but it was rectifies), and when I asked for hot milk for my java it was promptly brought. If one is eating at HWK, it is buffet style, with an abundance of American and Japanese specialties ranging from the usual omelets, waffles, cereals, etc to the more exotic chicken sausage, tofu and miso soup.The pool is famed for its tiled bottom imported from Italy. There were always plenty of chaise lounges to go around, but if one prefers an umbrella near, get to the pool early 鈥?like 8am! We had to settle for an area totally in the shade on our last day there as all other spots were gone by 830am on a Sunday. The attendant was courteous and helpful and placed our terry covers over the softly padded-plastic chaises for us. One also receives a big blue pool towel 鈥?and you may certainly trade it in for another once your first one is wet. A nice touch was the small orchid bloom placed on your lounge by the same pool helper. The cocktail wait staff begins circulating at about 9am or so. Drinks are available poolside but no food. A beer is about $6 and a cocktail about $8.50. The vodka-infused lemonade was tasty! When one has activities 鈥渙ff campus鈥? stop by the bellman/valet desk on the way out the carport. They will happily give you one of those massive blue towels and a plastic baggie with bottles of water. The Spa at Halekulani was nice, but WOW the price. An hour massage was $180 plus the gratuity, which was automatically added. Tacky!! I would have preferred the price be 鈥済ratuity included鈥?and just print the price at $220. I was greeted and placed in the outside waiting area on a chaise under an umbrella. I was given some spa water with mango flavoring. Before my actual massage treatment, there is a ritual foot pounding that was basically a foot wash with some essential oil sprayed about and then a not-unpleasant whack-whacking on the feet with bound reeds (it feels pretty nice 鈥?but it is a bit odd, and I like nearly all spa stuff). Then whisked into the massage room for a nice deep tissue by a very skilled therapist. Superior quality treatment and ambiance: yes. Though a fun experience, it was neither inexpensive nor even a terribly equitable value in relation to the price of the room; what one gets for the money is very good, but, in my opinion, not worth nearly half the price of a night at the hotel!All in all, the overall experience at the resort was in the top 10% of our hotel experiences and in the upper-middle of our value for price paid in the past year or so.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJPCheers
<Content>Exceptional Service As far as service goes this hotel far exeeds any hotel/resort in the world. All staff calls you by name at all times. Everyone is there to please you and make you feel so welcome. I have never met such an attentative staff. We had a Diamond Head Ocean Front room and the view was to die for. As others have written you can open the closet from both the bedroom as well as the bathroom and with both open you can look directly at Diamond Head while taking a shower. The only drawback to this hotel is the lack of beach, however I did not mind walking down the beach past a few hotels for a good spot by all the action. (surf board, boogie board, chair, and outrigger caonu rentals) We traveled with our 10 yr old son and while there were not alot of children he was not the only child there. We ate at both House Without a Key and Orchids and both were very good.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miinoz
<Content>11 out of 10 Our family of 5 stayed at the Halekulani for 9 nights in April 2007. We have stayed in many many 1st class hotels in the past however this one was easily the best for many reasons. 1. Its location means everything is within walking distance at Waikiki but it is not in the middle of activity of the beach - in fact it is like an oasis of calm and serenity compared to the other hotels in the area.2. The property itself is beautifully maintained. All of the public areas were perfect , the pool was heated to a constant temp , there was plenty of room for everyone at restaurants , the poolside , and so on.3. We had 2 Ocean View rooms , connected as we have 3 children aged 18,15,11. These rooms were actually a little larger than I expected and were modern and very well maintained. DVD player , etc were used well by us , seperate shower from the bath , lots of towels etc.4. Restaurants were terrific , we ate at the House without a Key and Orchids , not La Mer as it was a little to NICE ( Jacket ) for our holiday moods. In the other restaurants we could not fault the food or the service. As anyone with children will know some menus do not suit their tastes and on a couple of occasions the children asked the waiters for something that was not on the menu ( a sandwich , a piece of plane chicken etc ) the answer was always no problem . Orchids for breakfast looking out over the ocean was an unbelievable way to start the day - try their pancakes !!!5. Staff - EASILY the best service I have ever ever received anywhere in any industry. Polite , professional, friendly, and plenty of them. It was obvious they love the hotel and that many of them have been there for a long time. Not one thing we asked for was ever questioned or even grudgingly accepted. Every recommendation for dinner turned out to be spot on! We had the desk book us a side trip to Hawaii Island ( $69 return airfare !!!!) and to book what they felt was the most suitable helicopter flight to the volcanoe - the day we had will last forever and everything the staff at the hotel told us was true. We wanted to hire a car to drive around the Oahu , we had one booked and available for us within 15 minutes. I could go on and on but I think you get the picture! The maids would greet us by name! It all just fell into place. Cheap it ain't BUT the value for what you pay is way above what you could normally expect.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Luvin-Life+Travel
<Content>Worth the wait. Tropical Classic. We've stayed in Waikiki and all other Hawaiian Islands and their various top resorts many times. For some reson Halakulani has been booked each time. However after having our first experience here -a wonderful 4 nights in summer, we will insist of returning to Halakulani only from now on, Rooms were nice -classic elegance, Beds were very comfortable and balcony was of good size with great view but not private. Overall compared to alot of hotel rooms in similar price category, one could not say they were not anything amazing. However the service and understated elegance and class is everywhere throughout this wonderful resort. The restaurants and bars are perfect. Amazing meals and service were enjoyed at both restaurants.. Atmosphere at both was understated elegance. We can't wait to return.Gaining a pool chair with shade is almost impossible, and pool chairs are again only average. I was disappointed to have to share the pool with so many loud children. Halakulani should decide if they are trying to attract sophisticated couples nd professional conference crowd or families, - as the loud children at the pool and the pool scene in general certainly was a huge negative factor to us giving this hotel a top rating.. If I review this resort on individual aspects it seems to be not equating to my overall experience. Thus I will summarise by saying -Whatever the Halakulani does it does it well and we will probably insist on returning to The Halakulani every visit to Waikiki from now on. But Please management..get rid of the children from the main pool and create a family pool elsewhere!! If we could find a resort in Hawaii where we could relax and swim in quiet adult company it would be perfect..  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>geekspice
<Content>Fantastic meals and very nice spa The meals are fantastic, especially the buffet breakfasts. The Sunday brunch is unbelievably decadent and a great value despite the high price. The spa is very nice; I had a great pedicure and haircut. The rooms are on the small size, but they are extremely well designed, especiallt he bathroom. Our original room was overlooking a parking lot, but after we asked to be switched we were given a beautiful room with an ocean view.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>KOinCT
<Content>Halekulani is all about service!       Halekulani hotel room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yellowstoner
<Content>We will stay nowhere else This was our second stay at the Halekulani in less than a year. It was like going home (I wish). The hotel is exquisitely maintained, the rooms and views are fabulous, the staff is beyond wonderful, and I love the fact that each night the turndown service includes a small gift. The gift changes each night. This time we were upgraded to a suite, which was fabulous. The hotel is an oasis of calm in the midst of Waikiki. The entertainment each night is great. We sat outside during sunset to listen to the Hawaiian music and watch the hula. Afterwards we had our drinks and pupus at Lewer's Lounge where we ordered off the menus from Orchids and La Mer. Be sure to catch Bruce Hamada and Jim Howard's performance at Lewer's. They're great. Don't expect a lot of wild partying here. The vibe is very calm and understated. The clientele is mostly Asian. I can't recommend the Halekulani enough. I wish I could live there.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tobchang11
<Content>Halekulani, the only 5 star in Waikiki               
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rtpac
<Content>Exceptional Service!! I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Halekulani and was completely impressed by the level of service and amenities at the hotel. We had a partial oceanview room on the 11th floor which had more view than I thought it would, but it wasn't facing Diamondhead. If you want that view, it'll cost a bit extra...but why hang out in the room? The rooms are in need of update, but the bedding is heavenly and the room/bathroom were spotless. Yes, the TV and furniture are older, but well maintained and I couldn't find even a tiny carpet stain. As for the facilities.....the pool area is beautiful, quiet, peaceful and well guarded by security. Attendents were on hand to get us everything we needed for comfort by the pool. As has been said before, there isn't much of a beach, but the pool area is so nice and view of the ocean is just as good....I preferred to stay in the pool area as Waikiki beaches are all public and littered to some degree. The food was fantastic!!! We had breakfast every morning at the House Without a Key buffet. They had an amazing layout of international and local offerings. Pineapple almost melted in my mouth! The service was always prompt and attentive. Also ate at La Mer which was very good with great service as well, although very pricey.The service.....over the top! I have never felt so comfortable and welcomed. Once we arrived, they handled everything.....they always know your name and address you by name. Even the AM wake up call! So, to dispute some of the negative claims by others... No, the housekeepers don't knock.....that's because each room has a doorbell as well as an electronic Do Not Disturb sign. You either have the sign illuminated or they ring the doorbell. There are several beautiful grassy areas around the pool and courtyards (not sure where that person stayed). The rooms have older furniture in them, but are still clean and beautiful. There isn't much of a beach, but I had a hard time figuring out why you would want to lay on the beach in Waikiki as it was crowded and littered. Watching the waves from the serene Halekulani pool/patio area was much more relaxing.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loveditinhawaii
<Content>Enjoyable Experience The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. Our oceanview room was lovely, and the bed and linens were very luxurious. Buffet breakfast at House Without a Key was wonderful and kept us full until dinner. SpaHalekulani was very nice as we had a couple's massage for an hour. Overall a good experience, though I would probably stay at The Royal Hawaiian next time if I go back.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>socaltravel
<Content>A Different Hawaii Experience       Pool Area  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>mauidivegirl
<Content>Nice Resort. Skip La Mer Restaurant. My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. Great location, great service from hotel staff, and great spa. It was very nice overall, but the rooms and pool are not Four Seasons quality. Also, La Mer restaurant does not NOT meet the expectations of the reviews. The staff and food was forgettable. Skip it and go to Alan Wong's....which is exceptional! The Sunday brunch at Orchids at the resort is amazing....a little pricey, but really great.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovemypup
<Content>Diamondhead view from the shower! Totally worth it! In response to Islandwebfoot, I too found the Halekulani expensive, but I have to say it was worth it. I do believe that good service, a great location and nice accommodations are worth paying for, and make all the difference in a vacation. I also got a great package discount, which included breakfast every morning and one Executive lunch at Orchids (they let me substitute one of the courses with no argument at all, and the meals all included taxes and gratuities). I was also able to keep my room until 4 pm, which made my final day there easier since my flight was not until 8:30pm. So, these things all helped me feel better about the price. This was my fifth trip to Oahu, where I have previously stayed at the Kahala (when it was a Mandarin Oriental property), the Hilton Hawaiian Village (in the Ali'i Tower), and 2 of the Outrigger properties. FINALLY I have found a hotel I would come back to, especially now that they are a non-smoking hotel (except for a few areas--which I never did see or smell). And the location is GREAT for shopping and as a home base, and surprisingly, the hotel is very quiet for all of the activity going on around it. For example, they are currently building a Trump hotel a few buildings down, and I never heard ANY of the construction noise that people at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach (right next door) complained about.The hotel is aware that they need to renovate the rooms, and told me they are starting to plan for a 2008 renovation. However, although the rattan furniture is a little outdated, and not very welcoming, the rooms are thoughtfully designed, the beds are comfortable with wonderfully luxurious sheets, and the Diamondhead rooms definitely make the most of the view (which includes sliding doors in the closet so if you are standing in the shower, you can actually see through the bedroom and outside to the view)--pretty spectacular, regardless of the time of day you are showering. They also provided a very substantial fruit plate and box of chocolates in the room. . .very thoughtful.I had a terrific massage at the spa, and my 30 minute manicure turned into a 1 hour experience. Their coconut iced tea is amazing, and their outdoor relaxation area is exactly that--wonderfully relaxing. They include an 18% tip when they charge you, so I actually saved a little money since I usually tip 20%. It is also nice to pay ahead of time, so it's all done.As for the great service, which everyone mentions, it really is great. Every time I entered or left a restaurant, or went to the spa or the concierge, I was greeted by name. It was a nice feeling. They make everything easy. . .no request is too much. In the rooms, they have notes with suggestions about keeping the resort appropriate--no hanging wet bathing suits off the balcony, no shorts and flip flops around the resort after certain hours, the need to wear a coverup or towel over your bathing suit if you leave the pool area, etc. People mostly follow these rules, and it is a classier experience because of it.I am not a beach person, so the ridiculous beach at Waikiki did not bother me in the least. I have to say, if you want a beach in Waikiki, go to Hilton Hawaiian Village--the sand is soft and the beach is much wider. But at The Halekulani, I loved the pool. I found the temperature to be perfect, and the size not overwhelming. Their morning water aerobics are fun, so definitely try that one morning! The towel attendants are so polite and efficient, and the people who offer to bring your drinks are omnipresent but unobtrusive--nice!The valet and bellmen were prompt and courteous, and were very willing to provide directions and suggestions as needed. They also provide cold water in your car, which was much appreciated as I walked around the swap meet early on a Saturday morning.I ate at all three restaurants. I like the atmosphere of House Without a Key, but do not generally like buffets. The food selection was extensive, and everything looked clean and was prompty refilled as needed. I will say that the little chocolate croissants were very good! Orchids was great. I ate there for breakfast, lunch, and for the Sunday brunch. That buffet was exceptional! I was always given a great table overlooking the water, so the setting was lovely too. For La Mer, it is the second time I have eaten there, and both times it was wonderful. The service is outstanding, the food delicious, and they are very willing to make suggestions as requested. They seated me next to a window overlooking the evening entertainment at House Without a Key (a band and hula dancers), which was quite delightful.All in all, I loved the Halekulani. I keep thinking about my room with the spectacular view of Diamondhead, and wondering when I might get back there again!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taipei-JMS
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel I was in Hawaii for 2 weeks - went to Oahu, Maui and Kona. In Oahu, I stayed at the Halekulani and the Hilton Hawaiian Village. THE HALEKULANI IS OVERRATED. I stay at 5 star hotels weekly and I can tell you that the rooms are very old, bathrooms are very old. There is no separate bathtub/shower facility and the marble is not new.Service: at the pool, the service is fine, they will lay out towels for you, and service at the restaurants are ok as well. Found the service at the front desk to be awful.WARNING: if you are flying in from Asia, most likely you will arrive in HNL around 6-8am, and the HALEKULANI was very unfriendly and unassisting in getting us a room. My fiancee and I flew over 12 hrs and were disappointed no room was ready upon arrival.The room size is not that big, I found the view nothing special. We paid nearly US$500 bucks a night for a partial ocean and it wasn't worth it. There is almost no beach area. BEACH- if you want access to the beach, probably have to go next door to the sheraton. I will not be back at the Halekulani. Do not plan your wedding here, We were thinking about doing that but the hotel is not that pretty.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>torav
<Content>Prefer the Halekulani       view of Diamond Head  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newlywed622
<Content>Overall Nice Honeymoon We went to Oahu for our honeymoon for 7 nights. I have previously been to the Ritz in Maui and I must say that the Halekulani was an overall better experience because of the staff alone. They are very accomadating and make you feel like they go out of their way to make your vacation special. Dinner at La Mer was truly amazing, and our table had a view of the sunset, very romantic!My problem really was the beach, it was crowded(as was the whole city in general which is at no way the hotel's fault) and the private beach that the halekulani has is very small. We chose to stay by the pool most of our stay. Also the hotel needs to update their rooms, but it still is better than any other hotel in Honolulu, my cousin who was also in Hawaii at the time on her honeymoon stayed at the Outrigger and we visited them at their hotel and as soon as we stepped into the hotel we immediately felt relief we were staying at the much more quiet and elegant Halekulani!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cbarrieau1
<Content>A honeymoon to remember!       Our Amzing view!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AustralianJulie
<Content>Pave Paradise Put Up A Parking Lot Having seen some other reviews criticizing this hotel, I was a little wary - no need, this hotel was 10 out of 10 in all departments-service, location, rooms, restaurants  hotel facilities.We absolutely loved the various Japanese weddings going on.Had dinner at La Mer  orchids  sunset cocktails at HWAK.Also a massage at the spa.Everything was faultless.Not cheap, but then again, perfection rarely is.JulieAUSTRALIA  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>7J1AIL
<Content>Best in Waikiki While sophisticated travelers may eschew Waikiki and even Oahu, this hotel is well worth a stay in Honolulu. Many Hawaii resorts, especially on Oahu, are a disappointment, but the Halekulani is a rare exception. The food here is excellent. Rooms, while not spacious, are adequate and service is first-rate. The location is perfect for beach-goers and shoppers. Business travelers will find needed services. The concierge desk is attentive and will go out of the way to make sure to fulfill your requests. This is a resort that demanding travelers will not find disappointing.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>usmcmal
<Content>Catch the sunsets from this charming locale While not guests at this fine hotel, whenever in Honolulu we always try to have sunset cocktails at the wonderful, outdoor beach lounge of the Halekulani. The setting almost defies description, with Diamond Head clearly in distant view, Waikiki beach on either side, delicious Mai Tais and pupus, a mellow Hawaiian band playing while a shapely hula dancer swings to and fro. We've also had sunset cocktails at the famous Royal Hawaiian Shell Bar but, to our tastes, this surpasses. No matter what we're doing or where we plan to eat, we try to be at the Halekulani lounge every night about a half hour before sunset at one of the World's most beautiful venues.P.S. If you can remember to raise a quiet toast to the brave souls of the tens of thousands of our service personnel quietly at rest not far away in the National Cemetary of the Pacific (Punch Bowl), without whose ultimate sacrifice, such a romantic and heart-warming experience would not be possible. Semper Fi!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VermontGolfer
<Content>Loved It My wife and I stayed at the Halekulani in early August of this year. We also stayed at the Four Seasons on Lanai and Maui. I would rate this hotel below the 4 Seasons Lanai, but above the one in Maui for 2 reasons. First - the service was better at the Halekulani. From the bellmen, to the front desk, to the housekeepers - they get it - you are here to enjoy and they make everything so easy. Second - we actually could hear the ocean (very, very well) from our room at the Halekulani and not in Maui (ocean view in both places). PLUS - we got a deal where breakfast was included, which was perfect. Dinner at Orchids was over-rated, but nice. I'd rather go to Duke's for better food, atmosphere and price. Pool was perfect - food and drink available. Just go early to get good seats. Surf lessons at Hawaiian Water Sports (just past Surfrider Hotel) was great. Pearl Harbor tour - we showed up early and waited forever. My advice - go after lunch and miss the line. Note: we cabbed it to Pearl and took the bus back. Return trip was 3x longer than the cab ride, but cost one-tenth the price of the taxi.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hgtybn
<Content>Special Stayed at Halekulani in October 2006 - right in time for the earthquake and blackout!Staff at hotel was wonderful - I was with my two elderly parents and the staff was consistently great, respectful, patient, etc.Highly recommend hotel - everything was excellent - service first rate - nice clientele - curteous - all reservations were made as requested - no problems.Room was wonderful - stayed in two-bedroom suite.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annannann
<Content>A mixed bag at Halekulani We recently had the pleasure in visiting the absolutely delightful island of Oahu. We usually stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider but decided to include a short 2-night stay at the Halekulani. The decidedly mixed reviews on tripadvisor intrigued me and I knew that I would probably either love it or hate it. As it turned out, my feelings fell somewhere in between. To give you some background, I am a 29year old Aussie who visited the hotel with my sister.We booked a Diamond Head Deluxe view room through the Leading Hotel of the World. We paid $USD600 per night (inclusive of taxes). The lobby was quite basic, fitting in with a relax resort theme. Check in was friendly  efficient. The grounds are just lovely and there are plenty of areas to just sit, relax and enjoy the atmosphere.ROOM:The room was of a standard size and was definitely very average for the price we paid. But after reading reviews on tripadvisor I knew what to expect. Very subtle, pale colours used. There is no doubt in my mind that the main room area needs to be updated. The room was too bland and definitely needed a splash of colour. Secondly, the beds were terrible. Very hard and was not conducive to a good nights sleep. Now to the good part. The bathroom was fantastic, very large, beautiful deep tub, designed perfectly and in total contrast to the main room. Finally, the most divine view in Waikiki, Diamond Head. I definitely recommend spending more and getting a Diamond Head view. The balcony was of a good size and definitely spacious enough to enjoy a meal outside. Now the negative points: the balcony decor was cheap and tacky, very basic and secondly our balcony view was impeded by about 60cm cement wall before the view actually started (we noticed most floors had a total view) this was disappointing because when sitting in bed you couldn't enjoy all the view. STAFF/SERVICEThe Halekulani is renowned for its personalised service and we definitely received some amazing service but we also received some positively dreadful service. We ran into our check in agent several times during our stay and he always greeted us by name. We were very impressed and in all the hotels that I have ever stayed at this has never happened. When we arrived in our room we were told that we would receive a welcome gift and after 2 hours of it not arriving we contacted reception who apologised and said they would send it right up after another 1 hour wait I called again and finally it arrived. I also had an issue with a bathrobe, which I went to use and had a large bloodstain on it, absolutely disgusting, a new bathrobe was promptly delivered.Finally, we had to check out the pool, we took some seats away from the sun a few rows back from the pool. We waited 30 minutes and no one came to offer us a towel or offer us a menu. I saw many other people wait less than a 5 seconds for an attendant and I started getting annoyed. I went to the lovely restaurant house without a key to get some service and I ordered my drink. 5 minutes later the pool attendant come over with the drink and with no apologies. We asked why we received no service and he honestly said that he did not believe that we were guests. Now I know that we are not your usual Halekulani guests as the hotel hosts mainly Japanese  honeymooners but it was really unprofessional.FOOD/RESTAURANTSWe had breakfast included in our package every morning at House without a key. There isn't a huge selection and the pastries were truly terrible, however we were more than happy with it, there is something for everyone. The service was always fantastic and again my name was remembered every time I went into the restaurant. I was also impressed that all taxes  tips were included in our breakfast package.We also had the most wonderful lunch at House Without a Key, a beautiful seafood pasta that was divine, the quality was just fantastic. While we sat at this restaurant we really felt that we were miles away from Waikiki bustle. Just brilliant.We also had a wonderful afternoon tea, which I highly recommended, the quality of the food was fantastic, the service very personalised and it was just lovely.SPAAs part of our package I received a free massage. Again I was impressed that all costs including taxes and tip were covered. The spa is lovely although certainly doesn't compare to the spas in Asia. The service was great and the treatment was nothing like I had ever received. They really try to create something altogether different. I was most happy and the final touch was great. You get to sit out in a the spa courtyard with an ice tea and frozen fruit skewers for as long as you like, a perfect end to a great treatment. OVERVIEWOverall there were elements to the Halekulani that were unique and fantastic and then other parts that were really disappointing. I also came to my own conclusion that there maybe was a reason why some people love the Halekulani and others hate it. If you have never been to a 5 star Asian resort, with their low rates, deluxe rooms and fittings, divine food, endless buffets then the Halekulani will probably blow you away. But if you have, then you will know that there is better out there at far more value for money. In saying that I do believe that the Halekulani is unique to the Waikiki area as is definitely the best hotel if you are on your honeymoon or want a very quiet holiday. Would I go back, I don't think so, although I am happy that I went. Go for 2 or 3 nights and judge for yourself. I would definitely only recommend going if you can get yourself a package deal. We paid $USD600 per night that included daily breakfast for two, a afternoon tea for 2, a lunch for 2 and a free massage for 1 and a late checkout to 4pm. With all these additions I ended the stay satisfied that I got good value for money. Now if I did not receive any additional benefits I would definitely have felt short-changed. Anyway I hope that this helps and enjoy your holiday!Ann  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>OahuJ
<Content>Absolutely Flawless, A Gem of Subtlety and Refinement This hotel is pure elegance - I can only imagine that people who complain about it have bad, flashy taste and/or Princess Syndrome.No, thankfully, there is none of that obvious, flashy red-velvet-and-gilt-mirrors type of luxury. Everything is refined and understated, for people with the good taste to appreciate less things but everything the absolute best. The rooms are quiet, with nothing jarring and nothing extraneous, the beds are insanely comfortable, the sheets crisp and spotless. The rooms have sliding plantation doors which gives it an airy, genteel feel. The bathrooms feature luscious deep soaking tubs and separate showers. There is a very unusual 1930s-colonial feel which feels very modern but also not too trendy or tech-y or like it's trying too hard. The rooms are also quite spacious. If you are here for romance, this is an outstanding place to stay in bed and enjoy relaxing and each other. You'll also love the spacious lanai with the most comfortable outdoor furniture on Waikiki.I have to admit that the pool is not super-fabulous, it is small by modern standards and there is none of the faux-waterfall construction that newer 5-stars have. Also, the deck is quite small so there are tons of lounges set on the lawn - a lot of people like this natural feeling but I'm not crazy about it. It's definitely an adults pool, a place to relax more than super-fun to swim in.The beach is very narrow here, you really aren't going to want to stretch out on the tiny parcel and unfortunately the surrounding beaches are pretty tacky - think South Florida. But the view is amazing, and laying out by the pool as the ocean breaks a few feet away is lovely.And the restaurants are superb. La Mer is one of the world's top tables and the food is exquisitely prepared with the freshest fish, creative amuses-bouches, complimentary champagne, fresh breads and the yummiest dessert course with lots of little extras thrown in. Considering you can get the set menu for 2 (including champagne and the chef sends out several little extras) for around $150 I think it's the best fine dining bargain I've ever had.The Sunday brunch at Orchids is delicious, not TONS of food but more than enough when food is this delicious you don't need more. It includes several entrees, perfect roasts, fish, a sushi/sashimi bar, an extensive Korean, Chinese and Japanese table, a waffle bar and ice cream sundae bar and the biggest dessert table ever.The Lewers Lounge is a sophisticated place - it's not a meat-market and the clientele is well-dressed and quiet. The live lounge-y music is pleasantly retro and very good and although all the drinks are great, the House Specialties are truly, truly extraordinary.And the service is wonderful, everyone knows your name and your preferences - I would definitely recommend walking in with 20 bucks in ones/fives just to drop tips here and there because everyone really goes out of their way.The Halekulani is really just perfection, by far the best place in Waikiki and one of the calmest, most refined hotels in the world.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BayArea52
<Content>Exceptional Staff - Rooms - Location This is our 4th visit to this hotel. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. We have stayed at Four Seasons Maui, Ritz Carlton Maui and years ago at Kapalua and while they are beautiful properties, we like the relaxed and un pretentious feeling of this hotel. Many of the staff are beginining to remember us. We have learned to FedEx a small bag with tolietries and a few clothes ahead and just carry on the rest. The consierge arranged a limo to pick us up at the gate. This is one of two airports in the United States where your limo can pick you up directly from the gate. There are only two limo services in Honolulu who have the security clearance to do this. It's wonderful skipping the long walk to the baggage claim and airport exit and simply jump in the car and be off to the hotel.They have just finished the construction on the Embassy Suites behind us so this wasn't a problem. While this is on Wakiki, it seems like we're away from it all but still have the options to walk a block or two for shopping or short taxi to great Honolulu restaurants. We usually walk a short distance down the beach in front of the Royal Hawaiian for the perfect Waikiki beach experience. It's amazing to be able to wade 100 feet from the beach in these warm shallow waters. We brought my mother and her husband to celebrate her 70th and Thanksgiving. This location gave them great options to do all the tourist things while we just relaxed. Next year we'll probably come again for Thanksgivng with my brother's family and kids can stay at the new Embassy Suites and the adults across the street at the Halukalani. The staff are very professional and courteous but the best is the setting and the refined grace with which everything is presented. If you want to scream, I am rich go to the Ritz or other flashy hotels. If you're more refined and don't need all the splash to experience paradise, I'd stay at this hotel. There are few kids here but the ones that are here seem to be better behaved than at the Four Seasons. We had an aweful experience there where the kids ran wild and took over the adult pool while the parents just their misbehavior. Here, what few children we see seem to be mostly Japanesse children who culturally seem to be much better behaved than their American counterpart.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>norcal12
<Content>Never be back again!!! We will never stay here again!! Our experience at the Halekulani was a joke. When we arrived to check in, they told us it would be a few minutes. Three hours later we had our room. Our whole day was ruined by waiting in their lobby. We were treated like second class citizens next to international guests. While many were warm and welcoming, most of the aloha spirit was no where to be found in positions of authority among the staff. It ruined the end of a great trip. We will not go back to Waikiki and definitely don't recommend spending your hard earned money at the Halekulani. We highly recommend the RitzCarlton in Maui. Everything there was GREAT!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>americaninjapan
<Content>Wedding Preparation and Family Reunion Heaven My husband and I just returned from the Hawaiian Islands, having stayed at the Halekulani from 11/10-11/13. My husband and I had our wedding ceremony on November 11th at a church in Honolulu, and we selected Halekulani as a place to stay because there were so many details involved in the wedding preparation. In addition, my husband is Japanese and I am American, so our families flew from both directions to meet in Hawaii, and we wanted to take advantage of Halekulani's facilities as a base for our special occasion -- We figured that if it was really a five star hotel, everything would be flawless and we wouldn't have to worry. We were right. (For those who are reading, our review might be a little different than others in the sense of wedding prep, an int'l reunion, etc... but if you are interested, please read on...) We stayed at the Four Seasons Hualalai on the Big Island for three nights, but the whole time we were there on the Big Island, we kept talking about how much we missed Halekulani.Upon checking in, a very nice young woman named Serah from the front desk led us up to our room, and told us that we had been upgraded from a regular Ocean Front room to a Diamond Head View room. The view was AMAZING! When we walked in, the screen doors were opened to let in a fantastic soft breeze. Serah sat with us while we asked lots of questions about the area-- Having lived in Japan for so long, it sounds funny but I really desired American pizza (which I ended up not ordering), but a delivery menu was sent up to our room within the next couple of minutes. Soonafter, a tray with fresh fruits and chocolates was brought to the room (apparently this is included in all rooms), and because we were soon to get married, we noticed a big bottle of champagne on our shelf. We were in heaven eating papaya and drinking champagne on our balcony.About the room, understated elegance is definitely true. Everything was off-white-- the bathroom was amazing with huge mirrors, lots of amenities, a deep soaking tub (which we filled with rose petals one night ;-) ) and a walk-in, glass-enclosed shower. Also, the bed was the most comfortable bed I had ever slept on-- even better in comparison to the Four Seasons! For the wedding celebration, my mother and I had corresponded with House Without A Key and La Mer MONTHS before our arrival. While House Without A Key does not accept reservations, they acknowledged that 15 of us would be coming, and on the condition that we come at an early time, they set up chairs for us-- RIGHT in front of the stage (there is Hawaiian music and hula dancing from 5pm each evening). The seating (and the sunset off to the right) couldn't have been better. At La Mer, we reserved the small dining room for 11 people and made very specific requests re: each person's menu selections, the kind of centerpiece and cake we wanted, etc... after doing LOTS of research and corresponding by e-mail with the restaurant manager. The result was a flawless experience from start to finish, and the food was amazing. Because they had already had our party menu requests, we did not have to say a word-- and we were extremely grateful for this, considering some in our party can not speak english. After the dinner, upon our request, the centerpiece of about 20 huge roses were delivered to our room.Many reviewers said that the hotel workers remembered their name, and it's true! Of course, if you make a call to the front desk, your name is bound to pop up on their computer. But one day I approached the concierge to ask where to find waterproof mascara remover in Honolulu, and the concierge (Daryce) said to me, Are you Mrs. ****? I'm the one you spoke with on the phone from Japan.--and I hadn't even mentioned that I had come from Japan-- I wonder how she knew?! Also, the day after the wedding, after all of my makeup had come off and I was wearing regular clothes, I was walking out of the hotel, and one of the valets said to me, Good morning. Day after the wedding, huh? with a big smile... I was so surprised and happy that among all of the people who he meets, he recognized me (even without my makeup! ;-) ) Lastly, my husband and I ate Sunday brunch at Orchids. There were no pancakes on that day (apparently they switch back and forth between pancakes and waffles). I had just asked the waiter if there were pancakes (in case I missed them amongst all of the other foods available), and a few minutes later he brought a plate of pancakes to me, saying that the chef had prepared a special order upon request! The juices were freshly squeezed and amazing.Because of all of the fabulous service we received, I feel sorry that other reviewers on this site would say that the service at this hotel was impersonal. Yes, Halekulani is located in a crowded city-- land is more scarce so the lobby is not huge and there are people walking around, but considering the land space available, it was more than adequate in size. Not only that, but there was always a soft breeze blowing through the lobby with the fragrant smell of flowers in the courtyard and the sound of tinkling water in the background... It was an oasis. The lobby is set up in such a way that people pass by the sitting area but do not walk back into it in case they would like to sit down. Also, other hotels are filled with hallways and hallways of shops, but we were thankful that Halekulani was smaller and more elegant.Compared to the Four Seasons Hualalai, my husband and I both found the workers to be much more friendly and personable.Sorry this review is so long, but my husband and I will definitely go back to Halekulani again. In a way, I felt that we had put Halekulani to the test. Of course, every hotel has little glitches, but If the hotel successfully came through for us on every little detail during such a big occasion this time, they are sure to come through again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meemer1
<Content>Very disappointed After much research, review of hotel website and review of traveler opinions, we booked a 3-night stay at the Halekulani as a 'treat' for our anniversary.While the property itself is elegant and lovely, we found it to be somewhat cold and unwelcoming. The lobby is very small, really only consisting of a few seating areas, and was jammed with people coming and going every time we passed by. (Major construction on both sides - not their fault - but loud).There is no bar in the entire hotel - no place to just sit and have a cocktail - unless you go into one of the restaurants and sit at a table. And finally, the beach is LITERALLY 50 ft x 75 feet and almost unusable at high tide.The check in service was gracious (they bring you up to your room for the process), the view was spectacular, but the rooms were average (dated looking) and lacked a coffee maker and iron/ironing board.We chose to find another hotel shortly after checking in - and the manager was accommodating in letting us out of our reservation without penalty.We expected Ritz-Carlton like service and quality at this renowned property...especially for the steep price...and we were very disappointed. We moved to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider where we were welcomed with leis, cold face towels and glasses of guava juice upon check in - and the staff was outstanding.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>asdlkfjalskjfdaljk
<Content>Head and shoulders above other Oahu properties Wonderful experience - well worth the expense to make a special trip. The service is the high point, with wonderful, friendly staff that goes out of their way to make your stay special. The pace of the hotel and the tone is also special - despite ongoing major construction outside of the property, the pool is quiet and the property seems an oasis. We started out trip at the Hilton Hawaiian Village - it's not even close to the Halekulani's class.We stayed with our one year old. If you can afford the bill (two rooms @ $400 a night) - it's heavenly. The staff doted on our daughter, from the pool staff to the restaurant hostess (Erin is wonderful), to the waiters (Guy is fantastic). We'd do it again in a heartbeat.The hotel restaurants were quite nice - House Without a Key is the grill, hosting the wonderful breakfast buffet and good lunch/dinner despite a limited selection. Stick with the fish of the day and you'll be happy. Orchids is a great higher end restaurant (mostly fish), while we missed La Mer due to limited time (watching a one year old). There are a few negatives, but they are minor and there doesn't seem to be any better choice around. The rooms are a bit outdated - the beds could be updated (though the linens are great). The beach is limited - the hotel is seaside, but erosion has really taken a toll and more than half of the beachside is a seawall rather than beach. The pool makes up for it, and you can drive to wonderful beaches on the island, but don't count on lots of beach time while at the property.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>inviso
<Content>Impressive - Enjoyable - Memorable We stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights en route to the Big Island. We reserved to rooms and was given a very nice set of rooms with an outside door. Attention to detail was amazing - they remember names of the guests - which is the hallmark of a truly exclusive hotel. They provided floaties to our kids to play in the pool - and we had a blast of a time. That said, some small issues: the standard of the service in the concierge varies. Whilst most were helpful, one was not to a point of being slightly curt. The other is the standard of food in the coffee shop - very mediocre. Other than these two gripes, this is an impressive hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Outtolunchatty
<Content>The Best Simply the best. Returned to this property the second week in September for about the 7th time (Wife is from Honolulu and we visit friends and family). Worth every penny, great service, quiet, good food, great concierge service. This is not a place to take kiddies or teens, because there won't be anything for them to do...if you have kids, they will love the Hilton Village. For adults who want quiet, luxury and serenity in busy Waikiki, go to the Halekulani. It's that simple.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mauralove
<Content>HOUSE BEFITTING HEAVEN WOW!!!!!! We stayed at the Halekulani 9/16-9/20 we fell in love!! Everyone is so nice it makes you feel so good. The view from our room was amazing, every morning I got up at 5:30 waiting for the sun to rise above diamond head. We had fresh flowers champagne and candy waiting for us when we arrived, it was so nice. This hotel is heaven in a city. You would never know there was a city behind the hotel when you are laying by the pool. We left and went to maui for 5 days and it was beautiful. we then went on to the big island for 5 days. What a dissapointment, we left after one day. My boyfriend gave me a choice for the last 5 days, Maui or wakkiki he needed to ask? Back to heaven of course the Halekulani!!!!! They even remembered us by name. So accomodating. Can't wait to go back to the HOUSE BEFITTING HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Well-travelled-nyc
<Content>Loved this Heaven on Earth! My mother and I just returned from a wonderful holiday in Hawaii, the last leg of our trip included a stay at the Halekulani . What a wonderful way to end the trip, the service was excellent and very professional, our every need was catered to. I would definitely recommend this hotel, the rooms could use an upgrade, aside from this, overall hotel is in a great location, close to the shopping district, yet still felt like an oasis. Stay here and spend the extra money, you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bobco
<Content>Well worth the extra money I almost cancelled my reservations because of some reviews that I had read. I decided to call a travel agent to ask her opinion about the Halekulani. I'm really glad I did! She said that the Halekulani was one of the finest hotels that she had ever gone to in the world. So we went.The one thing that is hard to understand about this hotel (compared to all of the others in Waikiki), is how serene it is. You walk in to the lobby and it's suddenly peaceful. You go to the pool and there are plenty of chairs. Every area of the grounds has some of the best views and you never feel stressed that you will be too late to get a spot. The service is better than any place I have every been. As I was leaving my room quickly one day, the 3 maids were just coming in and they smiled and said have a nice day Mr.____. The maids knew my name! That never happens.Suffice to say, I love this hotel. My wife and I are really picky about interior design and location. The rooms were really nice. Even though the furniture did look a tad dated, the overall polish and design of the rooms were great. Premium bedding and attention to detail. Fantastic bathroom. The balcony was huge and a joy to just sit and relax on.Also, being a surfer, it was great being right in front of Populars and Paradise surf breaks. You could see Canoes, the main one on Waikiki was always wedged with people but not so for the breaks in front of the Halekulani. Easy rentals by the hotel as well.It's expensive but believe me, it is money well spent!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RaleighTraveller
<Content>Serenity in Hololulu My best friend and I visited Honolulu for a vacation and because she was part of a conference at the Sheraton next door. The room in the Manor Wing of the Sheraton was sub-par. Not knowing how wonderful this hotel was we walked in and made a reservation. Very pricey, but worth it for the fantastic view, professional, accomodating staff, and as a getaway from all of the construction noise and bustle from the city of Honolulu. If I ever go back to Honolulu I would not stay at any other hotel.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JK43
<Content>OK, But Nothing Special My husband, 6yr. old son and I stayed at the Halekulani for six day in early August. We were there for a convention and were told the Halekulani was the best there is in Waikiki. We did not doubt that, since others at the meeting staying at other properties spoke of dirty rooms and roaches at their hotels. The Halekulani is a very nice property, but nothing special if you are used to staying at 5 star hotels, which we always do, as we are both VERY picky. Our room (ocean view) was small and we could barely turn around due to the fact that we had to have a roll-away in the room. My husband resorted to moving the furniture around and taking away the coffee table so we could have room to walk. We were told they have no rooms with 2 double or queen beds, just a king or 2 twins. The bathroom, while trying to appear updated, had the smallest shower I have ever seen at a hotel, with a faucet/exposed pipes that looked like something from the 1930's. The bath tub was dingy, and looked like all the shiny porcelain finish had been worn off. The rooms are very stark, all white, no wallpaper, minimal decorations. Maybe some find this understated, but we found it to look like a low priced motel room. The restaurant service was fine. Ate at Orchids and the main restaurant daily with my son, as my husband was in meetings all day and there was really no where to go with a 6 yr. old besides the pool. Ordered room service several times for our son for breakfast and dinner. Good food, delivered promptly.Staff was friendly and efficient. Housekeeping was fine during the day. They even wipe off the lanai, but the lanai furniture was stained and dirty. Turndown service was hit or miss. Didn't come until 9:30 p.m. on two occasions (when we had already returned for the night and our son was sleeping) and not at all one night. The special gift each night was a seashell, which we could have done without. Just more junk for a child to want to lug around.The pool was small by resort standards. It was also full of sand, as alot of people do not use the beach showers when returning from the beach. Pool did not seem exceptionally clean either. Lots of children congregated around the steps, making it hard to get in and out. The pool employees were excellent. My husband went down with our sunscreen and pool gear before he left for his meetings everyday, tipped the pool guys $10 and got our chairs for the day in our chosen spot. My son and I then came out to the pool after breakfast and left a few times during the day with no bother to our things. They were very attentive with water, drinks, frozen washclothes and popsicles every afternoon. There is virtually no beach, and what little there is has soaking waves all the way up to the public walkway by afternoon. As others have stated, there are quite a few security guards, dressed in hot black suits and ties, all around. I don't know if that much security is needed, but it gives you the illusion that it's a safe place.All in all our stay was OK, and if we ever return to Honolulu (which I hope we don't), I would stay there again, as this seems to be the best of the choices.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lovz2Travel
<Content>Nice get-away Smokers all over the place, has a bad beach, has professional staff  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mabingham
<Content>disregard the naysayers It's hard to believe that anyone could find negative things to say about the Halekulani. This hotel is an oasis of calm and elegance amidst the craziness of the Waikiki tourist maelstrom. You need only walk the grounds of some of the adjacent hotels to understand why the Halekulani is tops among the hotels that Waikiki has to offer. In contrast to its neighbors, the Halekulani is serene, and offers a peaceful getaway.Granted, beyond the hotel's borders things can get noisy, with massive construction underway just across the street (thanks, Mr. Trump) and the public streaming by on the public walkway along the public beach (are you sensing a theme here?). One can't possibly expect the Halekulani to be able to control these things, and to criticize based on negatives that are beyond the hotel's control seems horribly off base.Our garden courtyard room afforded us the rest and relaxation we desired, and was equipped with every ammenity we could have hoped for. It was incredibly peaceful, and the aforementioned construction did not intrude one bit.The service was always excellent and cheerful, and the staff was incredibly attentive. Dining and cocktail options were fantastic, particularly dinner at La Mer on our final night.We spent a week there, and we were certainly sad to be leaving at week's end. When we return to Oahu, there is absolutely no question in my mind that we will return to the Halekulani. It was a fantastic experience from start to finish.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imasusan
<Content>Understated Elegance The Halekulani is an oasis in Waikiki. It is quietly beautiful. The room doesn't wow; rather, it makes you calm. The lanais (balconies) are the biggest I've ever seen. I had a partial ocean view which was lovely. Service is really excellent -- the whole staff acts as if they are happy you are there. Lovely touches such as free coffee near the pool in the mornings, and sweet little gifts with the turndown service. The entire hotel is exceptionally clean. Yes, it's expensive (my room was $395). But I would recommend it if you can afford it.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David_Edward
<Content>It *is* a House Befitting Heaven         
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>30000ft
<Content>Great hotel and staff but the surrounding area! We are staying here with some friends, and have returned to this spot for 10 yrs. However its important we touch on the pros. The rooms lovely, staff wonderful, indoor outdoor feel, fantastic with views of the ocean and Diamond Head ! We were at the Sheraton 1st with our kids. That was decent with the new rooms and very simple Sheraton standards. We did not like the same thing there as we are finding here. The beach area and surrounding us is horrible! Construction everywhere. And at nite the streets right in front of our hotel, feel like ny alley ways at nite. What has happened to this place. It has a sense of danger, we saw someone in the water right out front screaming at a man on the beach going through his bag(homeless). Then a photographer from the Mai Tai who we found very aggressive and rude when we went for a sunset cruise, well now he was yelling at the poor guy who was the victim in the water! So if you want a peaceful tranquil ocean, this is not for you , we found the beach people, surf instructors, mai tai , and alot of the people right outside this hotel to be very rude and hostile! I hope next year is better, we will not give up on the Halekulani, but I do think they need to clean up the surrounding areas, in means of crime, and comfort! There wasnt even room for us to sit on the tiny little beach due to all the surf boards and extremely rude surf instructor, he said he was Halekulani, we found out different , its a public beach and anyones allowed! Like the homeless/robber going through some guys bag! Need beach security. And no hustling .  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kosco
<Content>Great start to our honeymoon       The room  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunnySanClemente
<Content>Finest there is We just returned two weeks ago from our weeklong stay and cannot stop thinking about what a wonderful time we had. This was our second stay here and if you like under-stated but luxurious accommodations, then there is no place better in Hawaii than the Halekulani. The setting is like an oasis in the midst of the hustle and bustle of busy Waikiki. Our requested ocean view room in the makai building afforded us a lovely view of the pool too - and what a pool it is! The rooms, like the rest of the property, are pristine, well appointed and extremely comfortable. The housekeeping services here are exemplary and they made certain that we had everything we needed, replenishing fresh ice, amenities, towels, robes, and sheets daily. All of the food service outlets are superb as well. The breakfast buffet in House Without a Key was a feast each morning, meals at Orchids were terrific, room service was outstanding, and our celebratory dinner at La Mer was one we will never forget. The ambiance each and every day by the pool and small beach reminded us why we had come to Hawaii - to rest and relax without a care in the world. All of the poolside attendants work very hard to ensure that guests are happy and have everything they need. We were set up each morning in our desired location with towels, chaise covers, water, and magazines. Later, more water, drinks and food, cold hand towels, complimentary popsicles or ice cream, and fresh towels. When we return to Oahu in the future, we will of course stay at the Halekulani. Once you鈥檝e stayed at one of the finest hotels in the world, why would you knowingly choose to stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tomaui
<Content>The best only gets better!       Junior Suite  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>esla
<Content>Quite disappointing, really My boyfriend and I had dined at La Mer during our previous trip to Waikiki last year and we were mesmerized by the tranquility at the pool and garden when we took a stroll after dinner then. We told ourselves we would definitely stay here the next time we get a chance. Our chance came last month and we booked to stay at Halekulani and as the hotel was full, the room rate was US$450 excluding taxes and breakfast per night. Unfortunately when we checked in last month, we were escorted to a corner room to have the balcony facing the main road. Construction works across the hotel was not only unsightly but extremely noisy, we had trouble getting sleep. Moreover, a fight broke out from a nearby disco which resulted with 4 or 5 petrol cars closing in only at the end of the fight; it might have spilled onto the hotel lobby and even the lawn. It would be disastrous if this had occurred, we thought how guests around the area would be taken care of. It was at about 3 or 4 a.m. when this took place and many guests were at their hotel balconies checking out the commotion. Fortunately, we only stayed 2 nights and moved to an apartment for the rest of our stay. We definitely did not expect our good impression of the peace and tranquility to be so badly tarnished. It was very disappointing and we felt the hotel's slogan of being able to get us close to heaven was quite misfitting.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>bdouty
<Content>Disappointing I felt compelled to share my thoughts on Halekulani. I just don't get the hype about this hotel. My husband and I chose to stay here last year based on rave reviews in travel magazines, and it was not our first trip to Hawaii. If it had been I doubt we would return. We are in our 40's and have stayed at some top-notch resorts, and as a senior executive he travels extensively. The hotel is in the midst of the hustle and bustle that is Honolulu/Waikiki. But my impression as we drove into the area is that it is NY with palm trees - traffic, noise, congestion. Not at all what we expected. The hotel itself is peaceful, but the rooms and facilities are nothing special. Our room had a decent view but nothing compared to what we've had at other resorts in Hawaii. The pool area is OK, very little beach of its own, and the adjoining beaches/hotels are jam-packed. So when you're lying by the pool you get to listen to a constant parade of tourists who make loud and often obnoxious comments as they walk by on the public beach walk right next to the pool area. You can't even see the ocean because of a row of hedges. Not at all what we had in mind. The service was very pleasant and efficient, but nothing better than we've had at less highly-rated hotels. I must honestly recommend that if you are considering a trip to Hawaii and are looking for its true natural beauty, serenity and culture, try the north coast of Kauai or Lanai. If you want action, people- watching and shopping on par with Rodeo Drive, then you'll love Waikiki. I'm not a negative person, but we were genuinely disappointed with our stay here.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>redriverrose
<Content>It really was 'heaven'! We spent a week at the Halekulani, and it was a five-star experience, from service, to rooms, and dining. We could not find a single fault with this superior hotel. No wonder it is ranked third in the United States and nineteenth in the world by Travel  Leisure magazine. Our partial ocean view room was perfect, and amenities were plentiful. There was a lovely gift morning and night and there was twice-daily housekeeping. Upon our arrival we found a lovely fruit platter, Halekulani chocolates and a complimentary, well-stocked refrigerator. The highly-acclaimed restaurants were as good as I had heard and read about; however, the 24-hour room service was the best we've experienced anywhere. This hotel has everything and the service is second to none. Yes, it's expensive, but there is so much value for the cost, that we both rank it in the top two or three hotels in the world that we have visited. Five stars for the Halekulani; no, make it six!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pigli
<Content>Disappointing, second-rate rip-off We were extremely disappointed with the Halekulani and thought it extremely second rate. How does it get to be widely thought of as an upscale hotel? Is there some vast conspiracy going on here...? After reading all the enthusiastic reviews we expected something really special, along the lines of the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental, but the place is no better than your average 3 star Sheraton or Hilton - in fact I wish I'd stayed in one and saved my money. The famed service was nowhere in evidence, while both Orchids and House Without a Key were utterly ordinary. In fact the food at House Without a Key is truly second rate - clearly prepared in bulk and left on the side to be warmed up with heat lamps when something is ordered. My husband's steak was nearly stone cold. The whole place has an anonymous, colourless, dated feel about it, and a sense of conveyer belt too, with the constant procession of Japanese weddings and turnover of guests and diners. No one was actually nasty to us, don't get me wrong, but we might as well not have existed for all they cared. There is no sense of occasion or of feeling special, or like a valued guest here. Our partial ocean view room was also disappointing, and no way deserving of five star designation, with the wardrobe a cheap affair constructed of slats. The bathroom is beyond the wardrobe, and accessible through the wardrobe. It doesn't even have a proper door, just a rickety slatted screen that you pull across, and lock with difficulty. This means that you're not soundproof while in the bathroom, and that if you need the loo at night you can't put the light on, as it will disturb whoever is still in bed. It wasn't that much cheaper than the Four Seasons in Big Island, which was truly out of this world and truly deserving of the moniker of 'luxury hotel', living up to all our expectations. The Halekulani comes nowhere close, and I can't believe this is the best that Waikiki has to offer. Would definitely not go back to the Halekulani.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>jessica8376
<Content>3 Star Hotel, 5 Star Service My husband and I stayed at the Halekulani for our honeymoon. We decided to pay the higher rate to be able to enjoy our stay in a luxury style hotel. We were greeted as soon as we got out of our car, and our luggage was taken away. We mentioned to the people at check-in that we were on our honeymoon, hoping that they'd give us a nice room. We were placed on a first floor room right outside the swimming pool, not ideal for a honeymoon, as you would want a bit of privacy. We requested to be moved to another room. We weren't impressed with the decor or the furnishings in the room either. Everything is very outdated. This hotel needs to update and modernize all of it's decor, bathrooms, bedding, etc. The public bathrooms in the hotel were in better condition than the rooms. I think if someone is paying $400 or more per night, you should expect and get more than an average 2 or 3 star style hotel room. I wouldn't recommend staying here if you are looking for a more upsacle hotel. The hotel staff was great, they couldn't be more helpful, but it seems like that's what you're paying for, good service, because the price certainly does not reflect the actual rooms or decor of the hotel itself.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlanLight
<Content>Halekulani is simply the best My partner and I just finished our third stay at the Halekulani and it did not disappoint. This is one expensive hotel, but is also simply the best. The employees are all friendly and helpful and called us by name. For this trip we booked five nights in a Diamond Head Suite, which is roughly 1070 square feet in size, or two regular rooms put together. The rate was $1450 plus tax (total around $1630). Perhaps because we are repeat guests, the hotel gave us the best Diamond Head Suite in the place, room 1566, which is on the top floor and has a more private entrance, more private balcony and also extra sunset balcony on the side. Short of staying in the $5,000-a-night Vera Wang or Royal Suites, this is the best room in the hotel. The view of Diamond Head was spectacular. All Diamond Head view rooms have similar views.We had sent most of our luggage ahead of us to the hotel by FedEx and it was waiting for us in our room when we arrived. The Halekulani had arrnaged to pick us up at the airport in a stretch limousine, and the car met us at the gate as we got off the plane. Since we had no luggage to claim, we got into the car and were at the hotel quickly. This was very nice. There is construction going on across the street from the hotel but it did not bother us. The only things that bothered us were a few noisy kids around the pool (parents, control your kids please) and the woman in the room next to us who, early every morning, went out onto her balcony to make cell phone calls. She spoke loudly and I'm sure bothered everyone within at least a 4-room radius with her loud cell phone voice. We had to get up and close the door every morning when she started to talk/yell and could still hear her through the door.Dining at LaMer and Orchids was wonderful (also very pricey). A massage at SpaHalekulani was great (and $$ at $250). If you want the best and can afford it, or afford to splurge once a year and pamper yourself, this is a wonderful hotel. I have stayed at many five star hotels all over the world and this is the standard I use to judge the others by..  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kate145
<Content>Unreal massage So my parents flew us all to Hawaii to celebrate their 35th anniversary and we stayed at the Halekulani hotel. Hotel was gorgeous, people were friendly. We ate at their restaurant La Mer two nights. It was as delicious as everyone proclaims it to be. One of the chefs actually came out at the end of the meal and gave us dessert on the house for my parents' celebration. However, better than all the views, the food and everything was the massage I got at the spa there. So unbelievable, better than any massage I've ever gotten. No wonder it was ranked so high in magazines! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyar
<Content>Absolute Best I have had the privilige of staying at this Gem several times over last few years. It is one of the finest hotels in the US: If not the world. Service is the gold standard of a great hotel and this hotel is Fort Knox. First let me say that the Halekulani would be rated #1 if not for the disturbingly similar and scripted negative reviews dissing the Halekulani for noise, or a small beach or the decor then go on to say how the Kahala Oriental was better. I thibk there are some overzealous employees at the Kahala. Now, on to the Halekulani legendary service. On one visit I took the back of the house tour offered once a week. I discovered they control EVERY aspect of the operation, from the in house Swiss Chocolatier, to Hotel printing, to the florists, to maintain total quality. Nothing is done outside of their oversight. I am still awed at the dedication to total perfection.One example: Their turndown service is a two person operation that is as beautiful as ballet to watch. Two impeccably dressed and cheerfully polite housekeepers work together to completly refurbish every aspect of the room, everything restocked, cleaned and a different gift every night on the pillow. They do it quickly and seemingly effortlessly. Every employee seems so proud of his or her job and the Hotel they work for. The hotel rooms are understated, and subtly beautiful. Americans accustomed to the standard Hilton decor may feel cheated. They are also constantly being updated. On my last visit the A/V was updated and a new bedside control panel for all room functions had been added. Of course the best view in Waikiki is the correct focus of the room. Two of the best resturants in Oahu are here as well as the best Mai Tai and the best place to enjoy it are right downstairs. Once again the entertainment is authentic and wonderful. The hula is done right so don't expect any coconut bras. Even if one does not stay here a Mai Tai and a sunset at the House Without a Key is as good as it gets. The grounds are impeccable, the pool is stunning, and the flower arrangements are the best this side of the Pacific. Guest security is a top priority as well. A gaggle of noisy punks was very quickly and efficiently dealt with on one visit. They do an amazing job of insulating guests from the Noise of Waikiki. Its like walking into a protected zone of serenity and peace. Even the elevators are super quick, and quiet. I never have to wait but a second or two. Its all these little things as well as the big ones that make this Hotel so fantastic. While it is expensive to stay they do not nickel and dime the guest, which I really appreciate. A Halekulani Key gets one into the Symphony, The Royal Palace Tour and other special cultural events for free. There are no: resort charges, valet parking charges, local phone charges or any other shenanigans. For 5 bucks they restockd the fridge with several drinks and snacks: The first are complimentary. When the valet attendants saw us one morning with our snorkling equipment, towels, water, and sunblock were placed in the car without us even asking. God I love this place! If one has breakfast in the room a toaster arrives with room service and toast is seved piping hot. These people are fanatical about makeing the stay as perfect as possible. Take advantage of the packages always offered, they are a good deal. My favorite rooms are the Diamond Head view Club rooms. They are very large corner rooms with two balconies, one facing Diamond Head and the pool, the other straight out to the ocean. There is another nice window seat as well. The bath is huge. However the standard rooms are excellent too. They are all the same except for their location (view) within the hotel. No one gets a bad room here. All have balconies. I could go on but I think I have made my point. This Hotel is truly unique and wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ScotandHelen
<Content>Fantastic Halekualni:1 Service was sensational. Nothing was too much to ask for2 Dining was exquisite. 3 Pool was quiet and beautifully maintined4 Beach - small but clean. If you need more room on the beach, walk 50 metres5 Location - Central to everything. Construction is going on around the hotel, but we had no problem with it, as it did not disturb us once.Can't recommend this hotel highly enough, 10/10.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous Hotel -- be aware of the 'dress code' We just returned from 8 days at the Halekulani. Service was beyond our expectations, all staff we encountered were friendly and went above and beyond to be helpful. The hotel is beautiful and clean to perfection, and the security was like no other hotel/resort we've stayed at. The hotel beach is extremely small, but connects to the public beach, so this was not an issue at all. We will definitely stay again when we return to Oahu. Our only negative comment would be the evening dress code. We were aware that all restaurants had a resort attire dress code (except for Le Mer which requires collared long sleeve shirt and jacket for men), but didn't realize that this meant long pants and closed toe shoes for men. At every other hotel/resort we've stayed at, resort attire meant collared shirts and no jeans. My husband didn't pack any long pants, just nice shorts and dress sandals, so we weren't able to dine at any of the hotel restaurants for dinner. We had plenty of other options in the area, but would like to have known beforehand about the policy. Overall, we would highly recommend the Halekulani.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HAPPYBIRDJZ
<Content>Watch out for the Construction!!! We came to the Halekulani just to eat at dinner Le Mer because I had read great reviews about it. We actually stayed at a hotel on the other side of the island. Driving in to Waikiki we had trouble just getting to the hotel due to the massive amount of construction going on all round the hotel. According to our waiter, it will continue until December 2006. I had almost booked this hotel and was glad I didn't. My real review is regarding dinner. While the service was 5 star, the dinner was less than I had anticipated. We made a 30 minute drive just to eat there. The appetizer course, salad and dessert were wonderful. However, the entrees were disappointing. Dinner was over $200 for 2.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here EAT HERE! Halekulani, is just flat out overated. I enjoyed my time at the J.W. Marriot (formally the Ihillani Resort) much better. Rooms are very average, no cosmetic updates since we first went in 2000! My wife and I will only visit the Halekulani for Le Mer now when in Oahu. The best meal possible. We dropped over 200$ for dinner, but money never tasted sweeter. 5 diamond restaurant to a tee. The first time we ate there we actually learned alot about proper dining etiquette if 5 star restaurants. Little things like never use your napkin more than once or twice, turn you fork upside down on plate when finished so server knows your finished, expect a hot towel when returning from restroom, you'll get more than you order because they just kept bringing us samples of apps, entrees, and dessert, and I learned I don't like truffles no matter how much they cost! Overall save money by staying somewhere else, personally I think you should get away from Waikiki, and stay on more remote parts of the island, and stop in for a bite at Le Mer. You feel like royalty staying there because everyone knows how much it costs, but be the wiser and stay someplace less expensive and know you made the right decision.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cathybSavannah_Ga
<Content>Magnificent hotel We just returned from our first trip to Hawaii and am thrilled to say that the Halekulani is probably the most beautiful hotel we've ever stayed. I was concerned about some of the reviews I read but soon found out that those people must have been staying somewhere else. The Halekulani is just magnificent. From the minute we walked in the staff was extremely attentive.  The in room check-in is great and we got a great tour of the property. The staff could not have been any more helpful. The concierge desk was most helpful in arranging transportation for us and getting reservations at good resturants.  We booked 2 rooms ( one for the kids ) and were hoping they would be connecting. Soon found out they don't have connecting rooms, but what we had was better. There was a seperate door from the hallway that you could close ( almost like a foyer ) and that allowed us to keep our room doors open. It was very much like having a large suite.  We also found the rooms to be quite lovely. All white and very elegant. The bathrooms are perfect. Very large. A somewhat small shower but the great water pressure more than made up for the size. We loved the beautiful grounds and landscaping. Also loved the pool. Was plenty large enough for the ones who wanted to swim. Pool side service was also very attentive. On the night before we had to leave, we had several wet items and I didn't want to pack them so I phoned the front desk to ask if there was a place I could dry my items. They immediately sent someone from laundry services to collect my things. Two hours later they returned my items dryed, folded, and packed neatly in boxes. Needless to say I was impressed. Room service is also top notch. We ate dinner in our rooms the last night and everything was delicious and served quite quickly. And all of the above was done with a smile. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be treated like royalty for just a little while.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rmdtkk
<Content>We absolutely loved the Halekulani We arrived at the Halekulani on March 20th. From the moment we stepped out of our limo we had the best service. We had an awesome view of the ocean. Room 1006, make sure you request it. We were a little disappointed that the room wasn't a little more updated but it was very clean. The other thing we didnt like was the area in which you actually went to the bathroom, it was very small. My husband is a big guy and they just dont give you any room to move around. The robes were great. We had the breakfast buffet everyday at the house w/o a key and it was awesome. We usually only ate a late breakfast and early dinner. I gotta say that the Cheesecake Factory is a must if you go to Honolulu. It was really nice to be at a place where there wasn't a ton of people. The beaches were packed so it was nice to be kind of secluded from all that at this property. The beach isnt very big so if you're looking for that you will be disappointed. The pool was awesome!! The water temp was perfect. We experienced alot of rain during our stay here so that definitley put a damper on things. This is definitely a place I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hele-on
<Content>This diamond is losing its once brilliant shine My wife and I, along with our teenage son, recently spent 3 nights at the Halekulani Hotel on Waikiki Beach. This was our first time staying here, and we were very much looking forward to experiencing the ambience and luxury of this highly acclaimed resort. Sadly, we found the experience to be lackluster and ordinary. Service here can't be beat--an A+ to the staff!However, the rooms and overall appearance of the resort are beginning to lose their luster, and this diamond needs to be buffed and shined, especially for what they are charging.The rooms are only average in appearance, and they look as thought they have not been updated since the resort opened. The Halekulani is an expensive indulgence, but are there equally luxurious place to stay in Waikiki, or on Oahu? Personally, I think so. Next time I'm in Honolulu, I think I'll return to the Kahala.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pir8guy
<Content>Top of the list       I'm proud of this one. Sheer luck.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star service, 4 star room, 3 star everything else My title kind of says it all. The service there was nothing short of amazing. Quick, efficient and kind. They upgraded the room to the ocean front suite, and did a great job of showing the room. The valet service was even quick, and that is fairly rare in Hawaii. The room seemed a bit drab. Great bathroom. Nice pillows on the bed. Everything else was just so so. Standard hotel furniture, kitchenette, carpet, decorations etc etc. Not bad at all, but not what I consider a 5 star suite. No coffee machine kind of meant you were going to be gouged for their so-so breakfast.Orchids restaurant was slightly better than a $6 LL plate lunch, which needless to say was overpriced for Hawaii. The pool was small, the beach was non-existent and the fact that people were walking on a cement walkway above you really didn't make you feel like you were on the ocean. You could go to a more public beach next door, but then why stay at this hotel? Might as well pay $250 bucks less and stay at the Outrigger next door. So, I guess what I'm saying is I wouldn't stay here again. Its a good hotel, the people are great, the rooms have their good points, but its not really worth the money.Oh yeah, I'll repeat what has been said before. If you have a chance to go to Leonard's bakery, DO IT! We just stumbled on it since it was next to the LL. Just amazing.....  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>annaluvs2travel
<Content>Incredible Waikiki experience I had read some of the reviews before leaving for Honolulu and I was really nervous about the choice in hotel. When I arrived all my worries went away. The hotel was beautiful, and we were upgraded to huge 1600 sq ft ocean view suite. The spa was incredible and I would highly recommend the splurge on a massage. There definitely was some construction near the hotel but I was not bothered by it once. My favorite part was after a day in the sun, coming up to the room, opening all the doors and listening to the hawaiian band play music while the sun went down. The beach is very small in front of the hotel but if you walk another 20 ft you are in front of the main beach which provides chairs for rent. I would definitley still consider it a beach front hotel, it is just at the end of the beach. I had read a review complaining about a Dennys being directly across the street from the hotel. This was my first time in Oahu but I have to laugh now. IT IS A CITY! Or course there is going to be Dennys and McDonalds everywhere. It is a different kind of Hawaii experience then your quiet streets and beaches, however, I found it just as relaxing.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Honolulu I have been to Hawaii many times and have stayed at many hotels. This by far is the hotel with the best service!! The rooms are great. When at the property you don't even know you are in Waikiki! I loved it and will stay there again many times!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sevargnek
<Content>Caveat Emptor...Let the buyer beware! My wife and I have returned from a week's stay at the Halekulani,the highly publicized house befitting heaven (their verbiage, not mine). Perhaps this was not an ideal time to visit, given the construction happening for the beach walk project--very noisy, lots of dust, and a maze of traffic diversions, but we were not dazzled by the property. The hotel is nice, in a subdued sort of way, but not outstandling, and certainly not worth a special trip to visit. For us, it wasn't an experience event, as others have posted, but rather just an expensive hotel which trades on its name and location. We have had better stays at the Kahala Mandarin Oriental, Sheraton Royal Hawaiian (historic wing), even the Hilton Hawaiian Village (alii tower) and the Hyatt Regency Waikiki (regency club level). Granted, the rooms do have beautiful views, but they are also dated and worn,and very much in need of an update. My wife is an interior designer, and she found the decor to be dull and bland, rather than the haven of luxury that the guide books and publications would lead you to believe. The famous tiled orchid pool is beautiful, but far too small for the resort, and the few grains of sand that appear in front of the property at low tide, along the sea wall, don't really qualify as being called a beach. Also, the shrubs along the seawall do obscure the ocean view from the pool area. In all fairness, the real highpoint of the Halekulani is service, and this you can count on. They are not snooty and highbrow like some luxury resorts, and they're not in your face nickel and diming you at every turn. My bottom line is value for dollar. If you can get a discounted package at the Halekulani (and, they do exist), then by all means give it a try. But just be aware that there are equally fine alternatives available along the Waikiki strip.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kschnauss
<Content>Not that impressive My husband and I stayed here on the last night of our honeymoon. We first stayed at the Mandarin Oriental where we were treated to a very nice upgrade to a huge room! Then we flew to Maui and stayed at the Hyatt which was nice. Then on our way back home we stayed at the Halekulani since I had read so much about it and really wanted to try it out. Let me start by saying that the staff could not have been nicer. They walked us to our room and were very gracious. However, I was not that impressed with the rooms. They were just stark white rooms that were in ok condition. We were a bit spoiled by that time and were sad we did not get an upgrade(but we did and should not have expected it). We were just spoiled by the Mandarin Oriental! I was also sad when they would not extend our checkout even a little.The interior of the hotel and lobby was very beautiful! We had breakfast at Orchids and I was not that impressed. Breakfast at the Mandarin was much better. Additionally, the Halekulani was about $100 more expensive for a room that did not compare to the Mandarin! All in all I was sad we wasted the almost $500 to stay in a non-oceanfront room that was not that impressive. I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and I think this was the least impressive of them all. If and when I go back I will defnitely stay at the Mandarin Oriental away from the hustle and Bustle of Waikiki!One final tip. If you have a chance go to Leonard's bakery and have the malasadas!!! It is the best donut type dessert I have ever had. A very nice woman raised in Oahu told my husband and I about it. It was one of the highlights of my trip! They cook it to order. I would get the cinnamon sugar ones, but that is just my preference!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaryinPgh
<Content>Special Anniversary at Halekulani Our 20th anniversary will be one we'll never forget thanks to the Halekulani. The hotel is beautiful and we had a Diamond Head view room during our 9/29/05 to 10/4/05 stay. Waking up to Diamond Head was truly a treat and our room also overlooked the pool/outside lounge area so most nights we enjoyed Hawaiian music from below. I can't say enough wonderful things about the staff - starting from when I made our room reservation, to emailing them about a rental car and brunch reservations. Make sure if you are celebrating a special occasion, let them know - the hotel manager treated us to a bottle of champagne in honor of our anniversary. Other special touches are the treats in your room upon check-in, the free tickets we enjoyed to the Bishop Museum, and the beach towels, bottled water and umbrellas (yes, it rains in paradise) they made sure we had everytime we left the hotel for a drive/walk. The only negative about this hotel is the nearby construction. It made it difficult to get around the hotel (driving and walking) and the noise at times when we were sitting on our lanai was horrible. If you are staying in Wakiki and want to be treated like royalty - you won't go wrong with the Halekulani. (See my separate review about Turtle Bay if you are staying on the Northshore.)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still the best city/beach resort hotel in Hawaii Halekulani is still the best city-beach-resort hotel in Hawaii, right on the water, beautiful grounds, superb service and lovely understated well designed rooms. We're here for about the 12th time (over the course of nearly 2 decades); this time for part business and part pleasure.Service: just the best combination of professionalism and genuine hospitality. Swift, efficient but gracious service. Love the crisp white aprons on the friendly room staff! Everyone does their best even with the occasional inappropriately arrogant demanding guest.Guests: majority are Asian though not just Japanese anymore - quite a few Mandarin, Cantonese and Korean speaking folks; plus North Americans, a few Western Europeans/Russians. This is not a tour group kind of place, so everyone (couples, families) is on their own or just in small groups. Security does a good, discreet job of keeping the grounds (beyond restaurants) guests only.Business: Complimentary wifi, superb business office staff support and prompt (immediate!) delivery of documents dropped off by associates at the front desk. I love the outdoor wall outlet on the terrace, so I can (and currently am) using my laptop outside in the tropical breeze with fab views.Room: all rooms are the same size and layout with pricing according to view and placement; with suites of course being larger - the hotel's website lists s.f. for all suite types as well as placements; the guestrooms are all about 500 s.f. and very well planned. We're in a 9th floor Ocean Front room - with stunning head on ocean views from inside the room as well as from the terrace. For the price, I think the Diamond Head Ocean front and the Ocean view rooms are the best buys - the DHOF are the most expensive but the views are the best plus you are most distant from other rooms and their balconies. The OV rooms have terrific ocean views from balconies (not necessarily from inside the rooms). Rooms have small refrigs that are NOT filled with expensive minibar items - just a few complimentary soft drinks. Since there are numerous ABC stores just steps away, it's easy to fill it up with your own purchases, or ask the hotel to fill it with whatever you wish. Morning and evening maid service is efficient, with just the friendliest staff.Pleasure: I find the oval pool sufficiently large - it's at least 20, maybe 25 yards in length and at least 10 yards wide, with temp around 85-87F (best guess) in December. Most people just take dips, kids are mostly well behaved, and yes there are lap swimmers but they are mostly present in the early mornings or late afternoons - they don't want to be bothered by waders just as much as the waders don't want to be bothered by lap swimmers! The ocean is perfect for laps parallel to the beach - just 25 yards out or so it's deep and clear enough of surfers and waders - saw a huge sea turtle swim under me yesterday! Yes the sandy portion of beach is tiny right in front of the hotel, but as Hawaiian beaches are all public property up to the high tide water line plus x more yards, there is plenty of room on sandy beach just about 5 yards towards Diamond Head. We hang out at the pool or early or late, so never a problem with prime loungers, but mid day most seem taken. So if it's really important to you to get a good spot for all day basting/roasting, get down there by 7:30 am or so - you won't be alone! And despite the no reservations policy, they will let you keep your stuff there if you're gone for reasonable amounts of time (like for lunch or whatever).FB: All venues are excellent and sometimes superb in terms of both service and food. Good range from the very casual to the formal (at least Hawaiian style formal - meaning long sleeves!). Last night I needed a quiet place to have a private conversation over a light dinner, and the waitstaff at the Lewers Lounge very happily provided us with a secluded table, and items off menu - so we got exactly what we wanted. Two days ago we needed an urgent last minute breakfast, and they came through perfectly. Room service is exemplary.Noise: though there is a huge multi-block construction project happening just behind the hotel, we've not heard a single jackhammer or crash or anything at all from our room or terrace - though we are in the most protected part of the hotel - surrounding the pool.Location: it's really a comparatively serene oasis in the middle of one of the densest, tourist areas in the US (Waikiki Beach). For shopaholics, all the glam international retailers (Cartier, Hermes, Prada, LV, Tiffany etc) have branches within a few blocks. For those who are not above public transportation, it's just about 200 yards to the bus stop, and a $2 air con bus ride (#8, 19 or 20) to Ala Moana (for those who want supermarket or food court relief from hotel dining, or just need even more retail therapy).Overall: This is a fabulous place. Remember it is a city resort hotel, not an outer island country resort, so don't expect vast acreage of golf course, beaches and semiprivate villa accommodations. The massive concrete Sheraton is right next door, though if you don't look up you can pretend not to see it! It is worth every hundred or thousand dollar bill you spend here - of course it's expensive, but for comparative pricing for luxury accommodations in Hawaii, this is the place to be. (Just try a Marriott/Hilton/Sheraton in Honolulu and you'll see!) You really get what you pay for (for US pricing I mean - of course you would get more if you paid the same in Bali or Singapore). It's amazing that the hotel and staff are doing so well during this full house peak week of peak season! My only wish is that the bathrooms of the (regular) guest rooms had double sinks - I know, I know we could have paid more for a suite with more than one bathrooms.About us: I think it's always important to know about the writer to assess reviews appropriately: Our favorites are Amanresorts, Peninsula Hotels (eg exec suite Chicago), MO BKK (dlx suite), the Meurice (jr suite) and Singita (anything!), middle aged cosmopolitan American professional couple (not travel industry but wish we had their discounts!), no kids, willing to splurge but love deals and efficient/ friendly service, hate waste and culturally inappropriate glitz (chandeliers and gilt are perfect for Paris palace hotels, not ok in the tropics).  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrswh
<Content>Not what we were looking for . . . I have been meaning to write this review for well over a year, and am finally getting around to it! I really just wanted to let people know what to expect, as my husband and I were surprised and disappointed when we showed up.My husband and I had been to the Four Seasons Maui a number of times, and though we couldn't imagine anything better, the reviews here as well as the Conde Nast Traveler Gold List convinced us to try something different. If you have never been to Honolulu, know that it (unlike Wailea in Maui) is a very crowded, way overcommercialized big city. I'm all about the big city experience in New York or San Francisco, but I fly the 8+ hours to Hawaii to relax! The traffic from the airport was horrendous. When we finally got to the hotel, we were stunned to see that the hotel is in the middle of a chaotic scene of stores and restaurants, including a Denny's directly across the street from the main entrance.I can't remember the specific room category, but it was a full ocean view room, and in that sense it did not disappoint. The view of the ocean was simply beautiful, not only from the balcony but from almost anywhere in the room. The room was reasonably sized and seemed to be pretty clean. I wouldn't call it luxurious by any stretch, and it seemed like it could use a little updating. The toiletries were nice - I think they were made just for the hotel so I don't know the brand but they had nice Hawaiian type scents (orchid, maybe?)The pool was small and I don't understand why everyone goes nuts about the orchid in the pool. I didn't think it was all that interesting. Now on to the bad part. The beach. Oh wait, there is no beach!!! This is supposedly a five star hotel ON THE BEACH in Hawaii, and there is a tiny tiny sliver of public beach (I'm not kidding, it can't even be 50 ft.) that fronts the hotel property. That means no food, beverage, chair or umbrella service at the beach (you'd be lucky if you could find somewhere to lay your towel), and you have to share it with everyone else on earth that also wants to enjoy Waikiki Beach . . . babies wearing only diapers, screaming kids, cheesy singles trying to find a hookup, etc. Not my idea of relaxation.Breakfast was just mediocre, not a very wide selection at the buffet and the service was pretty poor. Everywhere you go by foot or by car near the hotel is clogged with people, cars, and long waits for everything. After less than 24 hours there, we decided we couldn't bear to spend 7 days there, so we booked a flight to Maui for that afternoon.I would say if you want to be in the middle of it all, and want the big city experience - great shopping, a large selection of restaurants - and don't mind big crowds (especially on the beach), this is probably a pretty good place to stay. However, if your idea of vacation is relaxing under palm trees with a gentle breeze in relative quiet, with terrific food, golf, and high end shops, try the Four Seasons Maui at Wailea. It's a little more expensive but worth every last penny.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mlizBoston
<Content>Delightful Our recent stay was our second at the Halekulani in the past five years. It is an outstanding hotel located on a busy stretch of Waikiki Beach. However, there is an amazing feeling of serenity here. We had a fabulous Diamond Head view room on the 12th floor. We woke each morning to views of Diamond Head and 100+ surfers in the ocean, plus the beautiful pool with the orchid design. The rooms are lovely, and the service is impeccable in every department from concierge, to reception, to dining, to poolside.My husband and I enjoyed every amenity offered here but we would not recommend this hotel for families (we were very happy not to have our children with us . . . we would have been shushing them all week). This is a top-notch hotel that caters to adults. It truly lives up to it's House Befitting Heaven name. We look forward to another stay at the Halekulani.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Piscean Amber
<Content>Heaven-sent hotel I'm giving the Halekulani a 5-star rave review and we didn't even stay there this trip. Why? Let me explain. We flew into Honolulu from the Big Island at 11:23a.m. Our return flight to the mainland wasn't until 10:45p.m. The airlines refused to check our luggage through since it was more than 6 hours. I called Halekulani, where I had booked dinner reservations at 6p.m. and asked if they could store our luggage for the day. Absolutely! When we arrived, our luggage was quickly dispatched to storage, our rental car was valet parked and we were cordially greeted and made to feel welcome.We ended up having lunch at House Without a Key...wonderful. We had a chat with the Asst. Mgr. for Food and Beverage (a charming man named Paul) and he confirmed our reservation for 6p.m. and promised us a wonderful outdoor table to watch the sunset. We went shopping for a while and returned to House Without a Key to watch the Hawaiian trio that sang classical Hawaiian songs. They were wonderful and we found that our lemonades had been comped.Our dinner at Orchids was wonderful. Our server greeted us by name, the night asst. mgr. came by to greet us and our meal was fabulous. They even comped our desserts! When we went to pick up our baggage and our car, we had three people scurrying about to make it all happen smoothly. Now where do you think that we'll stay in our next trip to Honolulu? Halekulani, of course!!! This is Aloha Spirit at its best. 5 Stars. No Question about it.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dagnyt
<Content>Truly Fabulous I was married in Hawaii in late October. We spent two days at a budgety hotel and then stayed 4 days at the Halekulani, where we also had our reception. All I can say is that it was fabulous.No, there's not much in the way of beach, but the grounds are beautiful, the pool is amazing and the restaurants are wondreful. And the bathroom is probably the best hotel bathroom I've ever seen.When we arrived we inquired about upgrading to a suite, but the hotel was fairly booked an the desk told us we'd end up paying more for something not much better, so we stayed with a standard room and it was great. Plenty of room for me to get into my dress--even with 5 people around. Our reception, which we had on the Hau Terrace, was beyond our expectations. Our guests couldn't stop exclaiming about the view, the wonderful drinks and the best wedding food they've ever had.Yes, it's pricey. But for a once-in-a-lifetime event it was worth it.Unfortunately, when it was time to leave and go to the Big Island, the hotel there was a huge let down. When I make it back to Waikiki I will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helpful Hints... I just got back! I expected more. The hotel staff was excellent and catered to every need in a prompt manner. The hotel grounds were immaculate. But problems came about when I saw the pool. I expected it to be bigger. It was small for such a large hotel. And why are people trying to do laps in a public leisure pool that is too small and crowded? The drinks were overpriced (expect that from any resort/hotel in Hawaii). But the drinks were VERY good and once the waiter noticed that we wanted them a bit stiff (we ARE on vacation) he accommodated with no extra charge. Great tip for that guy! KIDS!! EVERYWHERE!! They invaded the pool ten at a time and were loud and obnoxious. No one from the staff asked them to be quiet. I still think this is the job of the parents. Five hundred bucks a night is a little too much to pay for listening to kids all day at the pool. I would have gone to the beach, but it was so small that it wasn't worth it. Besides, I wanted a waiter to bring me drinks all day, isn't that what I was paying for in such a resort/hotel? The spa was great. They were late for our couples massage. But it was worth the wait! Maybe a bit overpriced? The room itself was lackluster. It was nice with all the amenities. I liked that the toilet had a door to separate it from the rest of the bathroom. Couples will love this feature after sampling the hotel's restaurants. House Without a Key is horrible. Don't eat there unless it is for the excellent breakfast buffet. The other two, La Mer, and Orchid, were excellent. Go to Orchid's at 5:30 when it opens, order some champagne and watch the sunset before you eat a very nice meal. Get the fish, you are on an island. Don't stay in the hotel during the day, the kids will not make it a relaxing time. Instead, go diving, fishing, go to the big island for a day trip (take a helicopter tour over the volcanos), go on a Circle Island Tour (ask for Johnny at Platinum Limousine, tell him that the girl from North Carolina sent you, he will take you on a truly memorable ride). AAA Diving is a great dive company in Oahu, they operate a good dive boat (I have been diving all over the world, certified as Divemaster, so I know a good dive boat). Alex, the head honcho at AAA knows his stuff, but he might be a little crazy (or is he just British?). Look, all in all, I could have stayed anywhere and had just as much fun because I was out experiencing the islands. But I did pay for comfort and I expected more from Halekulani. Especially for what they are charging. I think I will stick with the Four Seasons next time. They have been consistently good around the world.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Paradise Found I think I may struggle to write this review as there are few words that can convey the magical experience we had at Halekulani.We spent an utterly perfect 4 nights at the hotel and despite our high expectations, they were constantly surpassed during our stay.Firstly, when we arrived, we were warmly greeted by the staff and escorted to our room to check in. We had an ocean view room on 15th floor and the view was just stunning. The room itself, we found to be very spacious, light, spotlessly clean and extremely well maintained. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was lovely, particularly the seperate shower and bathrobes which are essential in any luxury hotel. The complimentary mineral water, fruit and chocolates are exactly the kind of small joy welcomed after a long journey.The turndown service was done with care and a lovely touch. It was always fun to come back to the room and find what little gift and message had been left on the bed.Myself and my husband were celebrating our wedding anniversary whilst we were there and the hotel staff went out of their way to make it special. On our first night, we had gone out for a walk on the beach and returned to find a note congratulating us on our anniversary with a complimentary bottle of champagne. It was very unexpected and a real pleasure.We ate at Orchids for both breakfast and dinner and both, were superb. In particular, dinner was sublime. We were greeted with a Congratulations as we were seated (on an ocean front table, as we'd requested) and someone came and took our photo. We thought nothing of it until front desk rang later to ask us to collect our photo. They had actually made it into an anniversary card with a personalised, hand-written design and message! We have never been to a hotel that would go out of their way like that, and very much doubt that many others exist. The meal itself was amazing. We started with scallops and crab cakes, both of which were wonderfully prepared and presented. We then followed with duck and lobster and I can honestly say that I've never tasted lobster like that in my life. We finished with the famed coconut cake and absolutely agree with everyone that raved about it!We also ate at another of the hotel's restaurants, La Mer which I can only describe as out of this world. I know some people are put off by the fact the dress code is a little more formal but it didn't feel stuffy at all. Once again, we were congratulated on our anniversary as we were seated (again, at an ocean front table as requested) and offered complimentary flutes of champagne and hors d'oeuvres. The service was unparalleled. There is a high staff to customer ratio and although someone was always on hand should we have needed anything, we never felt like we were being watched all the time. The staff there were obviously very experienced and we were recommended a superb wine to accompany our meal. The food was absolutely exquisite. We started with foie gras and scallops, followed by Kobe-style fillet of beef and duck and ended with coconut souffle which were all faultless. The portions were not huge but seemed to be just right. After we had our souffle and complimentary handmade chocolates by the hotel's chocolatier, the waiter brought over a chocolate cake with a lit candle in it, to celebrate our anniversary! With the service shown by all of the staff at the hotel, it felt more like an anniversary weekend!I took advantage of the hotel's spa for part of a day and enjoyed every self-indulgent minute. I had booked the Grand Voyage package which included a massage of my choice (chose Polynesian Nonu which is easily the best massage I've ever had), Just for You personalised facial (really sorted out my skin) and luxury manicure and pedicure which were fantastic. The spa staff were all extremely friendly but professional. Midway through the package, I was served a superb Ahi tuna salad and juice for lunch outside on a sun lounger and at that moment, I just felt that life couldn't get any better.The location of the hotel we found to be excellent. It was our first visit to Honolulu/Waikiki and found most things that we wanted to do were in very easy reach. We only noticed the construction work when we set foot outside of the hotel. It literally never bothered us for a second when we were inside.We had pre-booked a few excursions with the concierge at the hotel and all of the paperwork and conformations needed were all ready for us when we arrived. Everything went very smoothly with that.The staff in general, were all fantastic. Every single one of them deserves a big pat on the back in our opinion. From the restaurant staff, to the front desk, to the spa staff and even the bellhops who always greeted us warmly when we arrived back at the hotel from a day out and asked if we'd had a nice day, each one of them made you feel like pleasing you was all that mattered and that is truly what service at a luxury hotel should be like.Next time we return to Honolulu, we won't even be contemplating staying anywhere else but at Halekulani.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Halekulani We recently stayed at this hotel enroute to our wedding in Maui. I am glad we stayed here first before we stayed at the Four Seasons due to the difference in room size and bathroom size only. This hotel is beautifully maintained. The staff is top notch. My only complaint would be the beach, but we were so busy with going to downtown Waikiki beach and walking to Diamond head, seeing Pearl Harbor, that we barely had time to go to the beach. We used the lounge chairs just outside the beach on the days we hung out at the hotel for a little RR. It was wonderful. The staff could not be more helpful and polite. Our room faced the ocean directly on the 12th floor. Every evening we could watch the hula dancer or entertainment from our balcony. The first evening we were so tired from traveling that we had room service on the balcony and then headed straight to bed. Room service out there is a delight. The room is small, but laid out very well. They have wonderful food at their restaurants. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet every day. This hotel is highly recommended, since it is in the fun section of Waikiki beach, so you can walk to so many places. We were not bothered by noise from the nearby construction at all. Fabulous hotel! PS Don't forget to try that coconut cake.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I fell in love... I truely have had the best vacation of my life, and I owe it all to my stay at the Halekulani. These were my final thoughts as I left what I feel is now my home away from home. I didn't initally feel quite like this....from my initial transport to the hotel, I noticed the construction that was going on down the street from the hotel and thought - oh no. We checked in at the front desk to find only smiles...slowly I began to forget about the construction. Then they told us we were going to be escorted to our room for a private in-room check-in! A young gentleman, Frank, escorted us to our room and gave us a private tour of the entire property. He gave us a full history of the hotel and answered all of my husbands questions (which is difficult, trust me, I know). In the room we registered and recieved our breakfast vouchers; we booked the Sunrise package Diamond Head View. Our room at first was on a lower floor (six) so I did mention that I wouldnt mind being higher. Frank quickly made a phone call, and before I knew it we were being taken to the room of our dreams! It was on the 15th floor! Later I found out it was a young lady named Donna, who reassigned our room, no questions asked just marvolus service! So if you have any problems, these two are a great team! After check in, my husband and I went down by the pool for a swim. The attendents were very nice and prompt with getting us pool chaise lounges. You cannot order food by the poolside, but you can have refreshments. I recommend the mint-iced lemonade...its refreshing under the sun. The pool is amazingly beautiful and very clean! I wanted some reading magazines so I went to the little shop in the hotel. Usually these shops are overstocked with very pushy sales associates, but there I met wonderful lady who is just a peach! She helped me find everything I wanted!For dinner, we dined at Orchids which was our favorite. The crab cakes are to die for, as well as the coconut cake! Those are a must! We had the oppertunity to meet the chef, Daryl Fujimoto was his name...such a wonderful food magician as I called him. Our vacation was truley heavenly. I learned that Halekulani means house befitting heaven and that is just what it is. Oh, and yes, what construction? Cheers to the people who make dreams come true! I can't wait for my return!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment       Breakfast area  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Only true luxury hotel in Waikiki I would agree with all of the positive details in the previous recent posts, they are very accurate. Hopefully I can add a few additional details based on my recent five-night stay with my wife and infant son, which for the sake of comparison included: a Diamond Head room (generously sized, great bathroom), daily breakfast (never tried Orchids, everything we wanted and more was at the excellent buffet), dinner at LaMer that the hotel graciously changed to Orchids (excellent food, but the only hint of mediocre service we received our entire stay from one particular server) and two spa treatments (excellent--again). To begin with, the Halekulani has over 400 rooms, which on the surface is quite a few, based on the fact that they market themselves as an oasis of tranquility, etc. However, when you realize that all of the other major hotels in the area have 700+ rooms within two massive towers, the Halekulani seems small and quaint. Amid the bustle of Waikiki it is the ONLY slice of tranquility.To be honest, initially the room did not knock our socks off. While everything was in excellent working order some items appeared to be dated, for example the room control console next to the bed. However, after a day everything began to grow on us, even the control console turned out to be a very effective and appreciated room amenity. By the end the decor seemed to fit the property and we were very sad to leave both.What set the Halekulani above and beyond in our opinion was the service, on par or better than all of the great resorts in the world we have had the privilege to visit. While veryone we came in contact with may not have been the most polished all were warm and gracious, always looking to please.Would highly recommend staying over a Wednesday night to take part in the Managers' Reception. Great drinks and appetizers for an hour, waiters with Mai-Tais greeting you upon entry, but you can order anything within reason from the bar. We stayed at the Surfrider for a night and aside from the lei and mango-iced tea upon registration it was an average nice/OK stay, definitely not luxe though. If you do pay for a Diamond Head room I would highly recommend requesting a room on the tenth floor or higher, we were initially given a room on the sixth floor and the rooftop of LaMer occupied the entire foreground of our view while on the balcony.The Halekulani, Royal Hawaiian, the three Sheraton properties (obviously including the Moana Surfrider) are all Japanese owned (as I am sure many other hotels in Waikiki are). Therefore, if for some reason one has an aversion to tourists from Asia, I would not recommend coming to Honolulu or even Oahu period. The one and only reason we would ever return to Waikiki again is the Halekulani, we personally prefer quieter locales and therefore did not enjoy Honolulu at all. That being said we will be back.If you have any questions about the Halekulani or other Waikiki luxury hotels, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tikiariel
<Content>Waikiki Oasis I don't know where to begin as it was all so spectacular. I have very high expectations when it comes to fine hotels such as the Halekulani. They lived up to every one of them. Yes, there is construction on Lewers and BeachWalk (my biggest worry prior to my trip)but it didn't really bother me and it wasn't as offensive as I thought it would be. Once you're in the Halekulani you aren't aware of it and you just forget about it.Location of the Halekulani was great we were close to everything. The moment you arrive people greet you so warmly. You are checked in at your room, which is beautiful. I had a garden view on the first floor opening up onto the lawn area of the pool. I loved it! The bed was so very comfortable and the amenities excellent. Great bedding! Extremely quiet hotel if you are a light sleeper, we never even heard another guestroom's door closing. The pool was wonderful. The pool service excellent- the gentlemen who work the pool set you up wherever you want to sit. The beverage service was slow at times in reaching you to take your order- depending on where you sat. Once they received your order the service was prompt. The beach was small but I actually loved that. The security staff are very discreet, they really do look like secret service. We had breakfast included with our package and each time it was wonderful. I do recommend having breakfast at Orchids. Food was wonderful and if you are on a special diet as my family members were they were better able to accomodate you there. Although I must admit House Without a Key's buffet breakfast came through with egg beater omelet for my husband. They really do know how to make you feel pampered at both restaurants. Orchids was off their game a bit on ourlast day, but they were so gracious when they acknowledged they were having difficulties that we just forgot about it. People with sweet tooths: I highly recommend the Halekulani coconut cake and the Chocolate Dreams Martini from Lewers Lounge. Spectacular!Halekulani really has excellent service, most especilly the concierge staff. I cannot say enough about all the wonderful staff members, they are what make you feel so well taken care of there. They are truly extraordinary people!House Without a Key is an oasis in the evenings. The food was so good at the hotel I never wanted to go eat anywhere else- why bother, great food accompanied by wonderful soft happy peaceful music with hula dancing. What more could you want!Yes, there can be more than one celebrity sighting and you can suddenly find yourself sitting in a lounge chair next to one,as I did most of our time there.It was fun yet made me uncomfortable when I wanted to take pictures of the hotel or my family- I didn't want them thinking that I was snapping pictures of them while they were enjoying their private time there. So I put the camara away when one appeared. I felt it was the respectful thing to do. If you like to workout, I recommend the treadmills in the fitness center as they have a beautiful view of the pool and diamond head while you work out. All in all- it was spectacular! So wonderful and special. My family who joined me on this trip agreed. It is an oasis in the middle of waikiki beach, you feel like you're somewhere different until you step outside of the hotel. I know this....... I will only stay at the Halekulani when I return to Oahu!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tokyomike
<Content>Luxury Link it to the HALEKULANI I won an auction on luxurylink, for a five night stay at the Halekulani. The $2,375.00 price tag was very well worth it. That price was well below what you would normally pay for the package I won. First I'll describe my package: (5) nights Diamond Head Ocean front Room (10 floor, 1061) awesome, awesome view. You could see Diamond Head  Waikiki Beach while taking a shower through the sliding closet doors, WOW! Full Breakfast every morning at either the buffet (House without a key), or sitdown al la carte at (Orchids, my choice). The breakfast includes everthing from steak and eggs, to japanese style (to healthy for me) breakfast. All taxes  gratuities are included, the staff doesn't even give you a bill. Dinner for two at La Mer: (Chef's Menu) which they were kind enough to substitute a couple of choices at no charge. La Mer is top notch, gentlemen wear a jacket and be ready to romance your lady.(2) 75 minute spa experiences, I choose the NONU treatment: UNBELIEVABLE! Service at the spa is fantastic, it's cozy and the aroma's are fantastic! we also received refreshments before, and after treatment and a spa gift set. Comp's to the Honolulu arts  cultural centers, Daily newspaper, free local calls, and complimentary wireless internet service. (the wireless service alone is usually $9.95 a day at other high line properties).That's the package, now my other observations. The property itself is immaculate, a block away from the main shopping strip, and right on the beach. Yes, there's construction right down the block, but after a day or too your mind blocks it out. Service is five star, check in is in your room. There's live daily entertainment at House w/o key, nice spot to watch the sunset. There's a path that runs between the property and the beach, where the unlucky ones get to admire you hanging out at the Halekulani, and believe me they will..lol. Security is omnipresent, but very discreet  professional. The food at every restaurant was very good, and fresh. The drinks were reasonably priced. The pool/beach area can get a little crowded, but the pool attendants are more than accommodating and drink service was quick (no food at the pool). The hotel plays host to alot of Japanese Weddings, so I thought it was funny to be sitting next to the actor Owen Wilson (Wedding Crashers) for breakfast one morning, nice guy! For a local/regular bar flavor go to Moose McGillacuddy's right down the block, cold beer  good wings. I am definitely going back...In my opinion the best hotel in Honolulu, after our stay we went to the Big Island. Four Seasons review to follow. Aloha!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daphnebar
<Content>Always end our trip here Another wonderful, if short, stay at the Halekulani, a wonderful enclave in Waikiki. Our room was a partial ocean view, and if there's one thing you can say about this hotel, they are honest about the view descriptions. It was partial, as you could see it only from the balcony. However, I had stayed at the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort just days earlier in an ocean view deluxe room, which also had a view of the ocean only from the balcony. We very much dislike hotels that do that. The room was gorgeous, as always, with fresh flowers, a fruit platter including two yummy papayas, and a box of handmade chocolates. The refrigerator was stocked with 4 bottles of water and 2 bottles of juice, all complementary (and plenty for our one-night stay).A previous post mentioned construction noise--I stayed during the week and didn't hear any--and the previous poster neglected to mention that it isn't the Halekulani that's engaged in the construction; rather it's the two hotels behind it. Also, I'm baffled by his breakfast experience: there are two options--the House Without a Key has a buffet, while Orchids has an a la carte menu. He certainly had the choice of going to Orchids. We did the breakfast package, or the Sunrise Package, so we had the buffet included in our room price.Admittedly, the room prices are not cheap, but I think it is worth the extra price for what you get--seclusion, relative quiet away from Waikiki, outstanding service--oh, I forgot to mention the hospitality suite where I enjoyed complementary beverages and snacks while waiting for my flight the next day, as well as doing online check in--wonderful dining, the best view of the sunset, and the always fine entertainment in House Without a Key (and these last three you don't have to stay at the hotel to enjoy). Yes, there were many Asians, but I didn't notice that the hotel reduced standard American food options to accommodate other guests. No, there weren't bagels, but one could undoubtedly purchase one at any of the ubiquitous ABC stores nearby (and for a very cheap price). Yes, the beach is small, but there are plenty of wider beaches just to the side. The pool is also smallish, but I admit I don't go to the hotel (or any hotel in Hawaii) for its pool (okay, unless it has a swim-up bar :-). We far prefer to swim in the ocean. It isn't a place where I think people would enjoy taking the kids because it does seem designed more for adults, and they do try to keep it very peaceful. We're going again in October.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a wonderful oasis I was there last year and arrived on a monday. We were upgraded to a suite without asking and were treated extremely professionally at all times. Their food was terrific at their restaurants; my only complaint was the pool service for a cocktail was a bit slow; but who cares we were on vacation right? I would go there again in a heartbeat..when you walk in it is like an oasis from the hustle and bustle of oahu..not too many kids either and we were there in June. Next time I will try out the spa!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       hotel view  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>adamak
<Content>Absolutely one of the best in the world. However.... We made the mistake of staying at Halekunali first before heading to Westin Maui. That was a hugh stepdown. Halekunali is first rated. Yes, the location is not so nice. The beach area is small. But my friend, this is Waikiki. If you want a quiet peaceful getaway in Oahu, this is it. If you want a quiet peaceful gateaway, period, then go to Big Island or Maui or somewhere else. This is afterall, a party town.Halekunali is a very, very beautiful resort in a bad neighborhood. Hopefully with the constructions, it'll improve. The staff is extremely helpful, courteous. We were upgraded to an ocean view room, with view of Diamond Head. But we've to take 2 elevators to get there, which is kinda strange. We were greeted with fruit plate and champagne (telling them we're on double anniversary). Even the weekly Managers reception was great too. Almost better food and drinks than most afternoon tea place.Breakfast at the House without Keys is better than Orchid (IMHO). I absolutely love the miso soup. Seaweed is so fresh. Yes, 80% of the clients are Japanese, but then so what. Mai Tai is the best, shrimp grilled to perfection. I love this hotel.I have nothing bad to say about this resort. You come here for the service, and the location. You just don't come here for peace and quiet and big beach....etc. Once you understand that, it's not that overpriced.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mmmhmm
<Content>Great Location/Beautiful Resort Amongst the hustle and bustle of the busy streets of Waikiki Beach, this resort offered a nice, peaceful sanctuary. The room was very nice, great room service, excellent check-in (they check you in directly in your room). The ocean views are very beautiful. If staying in Oahu, we would definitely recommend this hotel, as you get a great beach location with a serene resort that has excellent dining, yet you are in walking distance to shopping and restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best! This is an absolutely fantastic hotel! The service may be the best we've had to date. Everything is lovely and well kept up. The concierge is very helpful. We had a room with partial ocen views that had a huge lanai and fantastic views. The restaurants are great with nice views of the beach. A wonderful place to stay in Oahu, we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FloridaGirl2
<Content>A perfect end to a fabulous vacation       Diamond Head from House without Keys at Halekulani  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced Halekulani We just returned from our honeymoon in Hawaii. We first headed to Turtle Bay Resort on the North Shore of Oahu, Hawaii. That hotel was like heaven, peaceful, quiet, romantic.... then we arrived in Waikiki. Big Mistake!We checked into the Halekulani, which is supposed to be the only 5 star hotel here in Oahu. Well, it was a pretty place...but in the middle of so much construction there were detours everywhere!! It was a pretty busy city with tall buildings covering each inch of land! They were famously known for their pool..it was alright..not large enough really, and they didn't serve any food poolside. I think everything about this place was overpriced, room was nice, but not for as much as we were paying..thats for sure! The food was overpriced...completely ridiculous! I had to pay $40pp for a buffet breakfast, when I only eat ate a measly 2 eggs and toast! ( no ala carte option)Also, we felt like we were in another country there...everyone staying at the hotel was from Japan, and the menus definetely favored to their likings!(rice and miso soup for breakfast, but no bagels???)There was a strip of good shops like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, YSL, Prada,etc..but the people working there seemed to be more attentive to the japanese. (I couldnt get a salesperson to help me in Louis...their loss!)Oh and one more thing...there was practically no beach at all!!! No beach to walk on anywhere even..mostly what is there is manmade- sand trucked in. Terrible part of the island!We would NOT recommend this place for anyone...overcrowed, obnoxious and overpriced...no beach, no beauty...nothing you would think Hawaii would be!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorG
<Content>Best of the Best Our recent stay at the Halekulani confirmed why it is consistently rated the best hotel in Hawaii and one of the best in the world. From the in-room check-in to the always prompt, friendly and exacting service, we did not have a single complaint. As a frequent guest at various Four Seasons, Ritz-Carltons and Mandarin properties, the Halekulani has all of the little touches that make a visit special with the added bonus of being on the beach in Hawaii (for those who crave a more exclusive, private beach experience, however, Waikiki may not be for you). Only suggestion is that they find a way to get a decent newspaper (NY Times/WSJ) to deliver in the morning, since the Honolulu papers are terrible. Of course, with wireless internet access, a computer solves the problem. Don't miss the coconut cake.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ljsmith
<Content>Not up to expectations I went to Honolulu two years ago and stayed at the Kahala Mandarin Oriental. I had a wonderful diner at La Mer at the Halekulani and understood it to be an exceptional hotel, of the level of the Mandarin. Since I had business at Waikiki, I decided to give it a chance. It is a great hotel with wonderful service but had so many problems that I wanted to warn potential guests. When I arrived, the staff was wonderful. They complete your check-in in your room however, had my rate wrong. After a call everything was straightened out. My friends arrived later that day with their two children. They had requested two beds and when they arrived, there was two TWIN beds only. A rollaway filled the whole room. They were told there was nothing else available for two days. After a lot of complaining, they were moved to a gorgeous one bedroom suite at no additional cost the next day. The manager was very gracious.  The pool is crowded, and there isn't much beach to speak of. If you have never been to Waikiki beach, expect to be greatly disappointed. Clientele at the hotel was largely Japanese. The rooms and bathrooms are really nice with all the amenities you expect. However, if you stay at the end of the hotel near the street as opposed to the ocean (most rooms still have ocean views, even in the back) expect a lot of noise. There is a big construction project right behind the hotel that starts early every morning. Every night at appx. 3:00 am., there is a disco across the street that lets out a very rowdy crowd. Every one of the nights I was there, at least 5 police cars were called in to disburse the crowd with sirens blaring (right below my window) Not very restful.The food in the restaurants is exceptional especially La Mer. Great service too.If I had the opporunity to go back there, I would only go if I could stay at the Mandarin Oriental. We went there twice during this last stay and enjoyed their beach, restaurants and dolphin quest. The Halekulani is a nice place but believe me, the Mandarin is a much better use of your money. Makes you feel like you are in Hawaii instead of Miami.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MommyofTwins
<Content>Very Romantic       View from our Balcony  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing hotel My husband and I are world travelers... we love traveling, and make it our goal to try as many different hotels as we can. We have just retuned from the fanatastic Halekulani Hotel in Hawaii. Compared to toehr hotels we have stayed in in Hawaii we would definitely put this at the top of our list. There was so much to do besides sitting on the beach or by the pool. We went on gudied rainforest tours, took advantage of their exclusive arts offers of the symphany and theater. The food was delicious... every night I had a different piece of fish, one was better then the next. The rooms were beautiful, and the service was exceptional. I would highly recommend this to anybody traveling to Hawaii fro the first time.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Halekulani vs. Mandarin The debate continues Halekulani versus the Mandarin. I decided to see for myself and over the course of eleven days, stayed at both. I will write a separate review for each. I think the Halekulani is a beautiful hotel and the service was some of the best I've experienced. I wanted to watch a Yankee game at a sports bar and three, count 'em three, concierges were on the phones, on the computers writing maps in seconds. At breakfast, which was always great, you couldn't take two sips of your coffee or water without it being refilled. Everyone knew your name after a couple of days and that was always nice. That being said, the room...for the money I paid (over $500 a night) was nice. I just think for that money, the room should be amazing. It was nice... great view of diamond head, good view of the ocean, but I was overlooking the roof to the restaurant which was a little distracting. The balcony was good too. The pool area was good, someone always offering you water or cold towels. I was bummed there were no hammocks (that should be a law, really), so I brought my own. They told me they kind of frowned upon that, but referred me to a park next door, where they were certain it would be no problem. If you're looking for a beach here, forget about it. Non-existant, although you can walk a little and find one no problem. I went to Hawaii to de-stress and I really didn't relax at the Halekulani. You can't hear the construction, at least not from the pool or my room, but it's there. And there is a walkway around the hotel so there's always people milling about. The reason I went to Oahu is because I'm a single guy and wanted to experience Hawaii (and getting away from it all), and still enjoy some great nightlife, but the Halekulani, which is closer to the nightlife, is a little too close to everything. Truly the Halekulani looked like the best hotel in Wakiki, but not on the island.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A more-than-5-star hotel       View from one of the two balconies in Junior Ocean Suite, room 643  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Halekulani needs a renovation My husband and I stayed at the Halekulani for the last week of our Honeymoon. After coming from a week at the Four Seasons in Maui, this place was a total let down. The setting is lovely -- a meal at Orchids is relaxing and beautiful, but the food was only OK. The breakfast buffet was a little on the gross side -- not the most sanitary.The rooms are on the small side, and the decor feels very dated. The showers are EXTREMELY small. At a very slim 5'6 I barely had enough room to turn around, and my poor husband had to squat to get under the showerhead (he's 6'). The hotel seems to cater to Japanese tourists -- perhaps that's why the bathrooms are on the small side? Also -- there is no hot tub! We were very disappointed by that.The service was great, and the touches like chocolates in the room are thoughtful, but the place was disapointing. It seems it's the nicest on Waikiki -- but I would never rank this as a world class hotel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful but construction My family recently returned from a stay at this hotel. We took grandma, parents and 11 year olds. Was put off by the policy of no more than 3 to a room. Its quite a racket because you can't sleep more than 2 in a room--they only provide 1 King bed or 2 twins. They say one child under 17 stays free in parents' room, but you actually have to pay $50.00 for a roll-away to accomodate that child. Nevertheless, the hotel was absolutely gorgeous. We had wonderful ocean views from the balconies. Took advantage of the spa and was generally pleased with the service. The pool attendants took care of drinks and cool towels, but forgot about my elderly mother lounging under a plumeria tree off the beaten path. They failed to attend to her needs even after I requested they remember her.The construction across the strees is horrendous. Our hired car could not get close to the hotel because the street was closed. My mother (who has trouble walking) had to schlep a long block in the heat to get to the hotel. I understand the hotel has no control over this, and I certainly don't hold it against them, but if you are traveling there in the next 6-8 months with a similarly infirmed individual, you may want to reconsider. Overall, the experience was marvelous. The special touchs likes notes and goodies were appreciated and added to the experience.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>John36
<Content>We Wouldn't Have Stayed There If We Had Known!       View fron the 12th. floor of the Halekulani  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LeenaB
<Content>An oasis amidst the hustle and bustle.... We recently stayed at the Halekulani for our honeymoon- all I can say is, wow! After seeing it featured on The Travel Channel, I knew it was worthy of a splurge for a few days. Not being millionaires, my husband and I reserved a garden view room, but were instantly upgraded to an ocean-view room. The room, clean and serene in white linens, was just what we needed after spending 6 hours on a plane. We were thrilled with the complimentary champagne, chocolates, fresh papaya, etc.... We decided not to rent a car, but wanted to go to Pearl Harbor and the North Shore one day - the concierge instantly got us a car for the day - no effort exerted by us! Yes, the beach is almost non-existant, but the pool is fabulous, and so clean! Plus, the beaches flanking the hotel are bigger and only a stroll away.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hawaiioahu
<Content>Don't listen to any negative reviews This hotel is fabulous.......The service is excellent, the rooms are excellent, the hotel is excellent. The pictures on the site does not do this hotel any justice.........THIS HOTEL IS WONDERFUL..........  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>UNwelcoming with a side of customer negliegience. My family and I had planned to stay at the Halekulani for a nice weekedn getaway. My parents would have their own room while my best friend and I would have our own room right besides my parents'. My parents decided to leave the reservation making up to me and when I did I specifically requested a non-smoking room. When I arrived at the hotel, the reservationists were a bit hostile towarsd us. They refused to except my father's credit card without having the manager double check his credit card even though the cedit card was authorized without a problem. Even then, they founf it necessary to call the credit card company to make sure it was a valid credit card. As if that weren't offensive enough, once we headed up to our rooms we were disgusted to find that our reservations were on a smoking- rooms floor. My entire family be avidly drug-free found the lingering smell of stale tabacco most obnoxious and nauseating. Unfortunately, we had an event in the city that weekedn and would be far too occupied to try and book another hotel so last-minute, so we were obliged to stay at teh Halekulani. his truly is an unfortunate event as the hotel truly was a beautiful one but with service like that, I could dfintely live without ever going there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Heavenly Stay at the Halekulani We stayed at the Halekulani for 2 nights, April 27 and 28, 2005. We used a travel consultant and were told about the work being done around the pool, so we had no surprises. Getting to the beach was not difficult and by April 29 the pool work was completed and the access to the beach from the hotel was reopened. We found the service to be excellent and the room was serene and beautiful. The old Ohana hotels on Lewers are being torn down, but we didn't hear any construction noise while at the hotel. The House Without a Key is a favorite of ours and even when we have stayed at other hotels, we have had many meals there while watching the sunset and listening to the evening entertainment. The only thing I would add to the room would be an iron. Everything else is provided. We enjoyed having a CD player and used it often. It had been 20 years since our last stay at the Halekulani and we will not let that many years go by again without another visit.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Stay Ever I was going on a last minute trip to Oahu with my family. I have never been to this island so I didn't know which hotel to stay at. I simply looked for 5 star hotels and I found that Halekulani and Mandarin Oriental were the only two. Some people were saying that the Mandarin was so old (and I hate old hotels) so I decided to book 2 nights at Halekulani. The physical appearance of the hotel was fine. The rooms were pretty nice and clean. The front desk staff was friendly. However when I got to the pool area, they were having contruction and there was no way to get on the beach or to get on their walkway. they blocked about 3/4 perimeter of the pool so the only way to use to the pool is from the 1/4 side of the pool (which was from the deep end). I had a 2 year old baby so I could not just jump in the pool with her. When I asked how to get to the beach, they told me to walk out of the hotel, use the alley on either side of the hotel. It was just so inconvinient! I came back to the hotel and complained to the manager and his repsonse was simply i'm sorry and that was it. He was saying that because I used Expedia to book my hotel, it was their responsibility to tell me that there were construction going on and that's why everyone got some discount. Although I did book my room through Expedia, there was a technical difficulties because it wouldn't let me book 2 adults and 1 child. So I just booked 2 adults and it worked. So I called the hotel to let them know that I was bringing a child. Then they made me email that information AGAIN because I just made the reservation and they said they wouldn't get it until tomorrow. All this time, they never let me know that they were having a contruction. Why am I paying all this money when I can't access the beach or enjoy the pool? The hotel manager had the worst attitude! The only thing that he said to me was i'm sorry and that was it. I asked there is anything he can do, and he said NO. I was so upset and disgusted by his attitude that I check out the next day. The front desk never thanked me for staying with them nor asked me why I was checking out early. The next day I checked in at Mandarin Oriental and it was 1000% better. I will never stay at Halekulani ever again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Service Makes this Hotel At the Halekulani it really is all about the service. There are hotels with nicer rooms, more resort activities and a better overall appearance, but Halekulani really is king when it comes to service. That being said, the rooms and ambience are great as well! Room amenities are comprehensive and include three telephones, bathrooms with separate shower/bath, excellent selection of toiletries, large lanais, wonderful large SONY television and bedside electronic control panel. The welcome chocolates were some of the best I ever had.The restaurants are some of the best in Waikiki including the only 5 diamond restaurant on the island. Service at La Mer was superb and the food, wine and ambience excellent as well. Lewer's Lounge offers one of the most relaxing and intimate spots to grab a cocktail in Honolulu. I highly recommend the Back of House tour which takes place on Fridays. Over a 2 hour period you are taken through all the back hallways and shown the ins and outs of the hotel. Samples are liberally handed out, the best of which were in the pastry kitchen! This tour truly exemplifies the feeling that you are treated like a cherished member of the family when staying at the Halekulani.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dianders
<Content>One of the very best hotels My wife and I would like to add our voices to the chorus of the very favorable reviews of the Halekulani Hotel on Waikiki Beach. It was a very nice four day stay and definitely our hotel of choice if we ever return to Hawaii. There are two items especially worth mentioning. The a la cart breakfasts on the outdoor terrace of the Orchids restaurant were excellent and served in a very pleasant setting with a view of the ocean. We did not try the buffet breakfasts in the outdoor House Without a Key restaurant but the choices appeared to be equally enticing. What really impressed us the most was our dinner at La Mer on our last night. It has to rank as one of our most memorable dinners ever. The ambience, service and food were all outstanding. It didn't hurt either that we were seated next to an open window looking down on the grounds of the House Without A key restaurant where we could see and hear a band playing Hawaiian songs against a backdrop of Diamond Head and the ocean. Lovely.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrooklynMusician
<Content>House Befitting Heaven... I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Halakulani, and it truly is a lovely property with outstanding service and beautiful views of the pacific, Waikiki beach, and Diamond Head.Even though this hotel is not cheap, the rooms are not large or particularly modern. They are well appointed with muted walls and furnishings, and they are quite comfortable. What you get at this hotel is service. The staff, every member of the staff I encountered, bent over backwards to acommodate me.If you want an oasis in the madness that is Waikiki, then the Halekulani is it. If you want the madness, pick another hotel.A big note, however -- the day I left, April 4, 2005 -- they were beginnning the demolition of a number of old hotels on Lewers St which is the street directly perpendicular to the Halekulani (Lewers was an early owner of Halakulani). It will certainly be a mess for a while, so you might want to inquire about it. Also, the day I left the Halekulani was begining the refinishing their pool deck, and they said the pool was going to be closed until early May...you may want to confirm that the pool will be open before you book!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rothea
<Content>This hotel is so welcoming My husband and I stayed at the Halekulani in December 2004. He became ill on the flight over, and his condition worsened by our second night at the hotel. Late that Sunday night, I called the desk, asking for advice. Despite the late hour, and the weekend night, the concierge at the Halekulani had arranged for a doctor's visit and had transportation waiting by the time we made our way down to the lobby (ten minutes, tops). I cannot say enough about the fine staff of this exquisite hotel. For the ten days we stayed, we knew we were in the hands of caring people - which is a great comfort when you are far away from home dealing with illness. We stayed on the hotel's property a lot because of his condition, but we didn't feel confined. It was the most wonderful hotel we have ever experienced. From the tea service to the restaurants to room service, we found the food and beverages to be simply outstanding, and served with genuine hospitality. Both Orchids and La Mer restaurants are truly memorable. The hotel staff (including the high level managers) inquired about my husband's health when we encountered them throughout the visit. Honolulu Symphony tickets were complimentary for guests - what a nice touch. The spa was a haven for me. I had two massages and hair/nail treatments. All services were delivered by highly-trained and gracious professionals in a relaxing environment. We are going back this year because we just really loved it enough to want to enjoy it while fully healthy. As for location and surrounding neighborhood, we have been multiple times to Kauai, Maui, and the Big Island, as well as once to Lanai...and we are choosing to stay in busy Waikiki because of the outstanding Halekulani. Besides, Oahu (and Waikiki) have a lot to offer and are great fun, especially if you can come home to the Halekulani when you want a respite. Stay here. You won't be sorry. You will remember it forever...and if you amortize the cost over a lifetime of fond memories, it's worth every dime, and then some.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kidscomingwith
<Content>Diamond in the Rough I have seen a lot of reviews blame the Halekulani for the overdevelopment of Waikiki and Honolulu in general, which is a tad unfair. The Halekulani is located at the end of a dead-end street stringing several hotels along Waikiki Beach. The area is bustling and packed with tourists, which have been coming to the area in hoards for around 60 years. When you arrive at the entrance to the hotel, however, they do everything possible to make it feel as if you have entered a different area altogether. The grounds are exquisite, with open Japanese-style architecture and garden areas, a lovely tea room, and probably the friendliest staff anywhere on the beach.When we checked in, we arrived early (before noon), and were escorted to a separate waiting room, given beverages, and offers to freshen up while we waited for our room to be ready. We were given orchid leis as well, which we discovered the hotel staff placed in the mini-refrigerator in our room after we took them off, to keep them fresh. It didn't take long before we were escorted to our room, a large oceanview with a view of Diamond Head. There are several room sizes, and ours had a lovely jr. suite type layout. The balcony was not extremely large, but it wasn't small, either. It was plenty for enjoying the morning air and the amazing sunsets, as well as the hula show from the restaurant along the beach. We had a romantic dinner set up on the balcony one night that was amazing and there was plenty of space to enjoy the meal.The Halekulani is a U-shaped hotel, with most of the rooms circling the pool area, the restaurant, and with a view of the ocean, most of which are partial views. The spa is nice, and is separated from the gym, which is nice for someone who wants a facial in a peaceful place rather than in a gym. The spa was renovated in 2003, a new area was constructed near the hotel's entrance and near the grounds leading to the pool area. On arrival, our room had a welcoming basket of fresh fruit, chocolates, and nuts. The turn-down service is better than most hotels. The hotel staff leaves tokens on your pillow, sometimes chocolate, an orchid, a seashell, a refrigerator magnet, or some other unexpected gift trinket. It was kind of fun to open the little box to find out what was inside. I still have the magnet on my refrigerator at home.When we were there, there were several celebrities staying at the hotel. Most felt comfortable enough to walk around the property, and were not harassed by the guests. The hotel very politely asks that you respect their privacy, which was a kind gesture.My only complaint was that the beach was too small, but I didn't intend to swim at Waikiki. I visited several other beaches on the island that were pristine, with not a hotel in sight.If you have to go to Honolulu, then stay at the Halekulani. Don't expect the capital city to be postcard perfect. A million or so people live there, and it is a city. But don't blame the Halekulani and think less of this amazing diamond in the rough.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kiwikid
<Content>Fabulous Service This review is a little late as we stayed at the Halekulani in June 2004 but I wanted to add my opinion as I really appreciate the reviews other people leave. My family (my husband, myself and our fifteen month old son) stayed at the Halekulani for four nights when we stopped in Honolulu en route to living in New Zealand for a year. I was eight months pregnant and not too comfortable. I cannot even begin to describe how helpful the staff were. We arrived with ten HUGE suitcases and a ridiculous amount of baby stuff. We had even had a stroller shipped to the Hlaekulani in advance. The staff happily stored 6 of the suitcases and never complained when we realized that we needed something out of one of these bags (and this happened a LOT). We were always greeted by name and everyone always had a smile for us and especially our little boy.We decided to spend a few nights on the North Shore. The concierge recommended a place to stay and even told us which rooms to request. They even kept our bags there while we traveled.When we returned, our car (which we had rented through the concierge) had a flat tire and it was taken care of immediately at no cost or inconvenience to us. The rooms we stayed in were very nice. Not the hugest or newest I have stayed in but nice. I was not overly impressed by the bathrooms but I wasn't upset or dissapointed either. The pool was fabulous and the service at the pool so-so. This was the only place in the hotel that I wouldn't rate service a five out of five stars. Unfortunately there is not really much beach in front of this hotel. However we drove to a few of the East and Western beaches for the day which was quite fun (especially since the Halekulani gave us a big cooler on wheels filled with ice and water at no charge for our daytrips).All in all I would highly recommend the hotel, but if you have littlies who are dying to play in the sand you might want to go elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>markus1
<Content>great hotel The halekulani is truly an excellent hotel, the 'grande dame' of luxury hotels in Hawaii. The rooms are beautiful, the service outstanding and the gardens  pool area calm and relaxing - something that is rare in busy Waikiki! I gave only 4 points, however, because I also stayed at their 'cheaper' sister hotel 'Waikiki Parc' and found the value-ratio comparatively better at the Waikiki Parc, meaning you pay a lot less for similar equipment  service (without the oceanfront/pool). Also, though we got upgraded to an oceanview-room from partial oceanview, we could only see the ocean by standing outside on the balcony (the windows were facing the other side of the hotel). Nevertheless a great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>#1 Trip Ever Halekulani Is Excellent. Its service and amentities are excellent and far above the rest. Its relaxing atmosphere and amazing services allow you to fully enjoy the beauty of hawaii. It is absolutely worth every pennie. Although trip advisor says the tipical price is in the $400s I got a much cheaper room. Upon arrival you are escorted to your room and checked in their. They also often upgrade you. In your room are complamentary homemade chocolates, water, and fruits. You also recieve an amazing complimentary breakfast each day in an open air restaurant on the water. There are 3 restaurants on the premises and are all outstanding. I loved House Without a Key the best. Oahu was also my favorite island and is gorgous. The North Shore is a MUST. A restaurant called Hallieva Joes was also great. It is located on the North Shore. The pool and Beach is also awesome. Get great specialty non-alcholic or alcholic drinks from the pool boy served to you right in your ever-so-soft lounge chairs. There is a great snokeling spot just about 50 feet from the beach with a sea turtle and tropical fish. ALL the employees were exceptionally professional and helpful. All of them also seemed extremely happy. Who wouldn't in Hawaii??? Have a great trip and if you can afford it the HALEKULANI is a must.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mark-Johnny
<Content>Our 2nd time at House Befitting Heaven Wow. Coming back to Hawaii and staying at the Halekulani seemed rather routine, but we knew that we wanted to be well-taken care of and this time around was certainly different. In fact, it was better than the first time.If you get the chance, attend the manager's reception on Wednesdays and meet some fabulous employees, while sipping cocktails and eating pupu's.My only complaint is that we didn't stay longer than 4 days.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be rated # 1 We went on a family vacation to the Halekulani with 14 of us and the service was absolutely great. The property is beautifully maintained and all of the staff was very accomodating. I would definately recommend the Halekulani to anyone traveling to Oahu. The Orchids restaurant has wonderful food and was even kind enough to cook our fresh fish we caught deep sea fishing. The view of the ocean and pool from our balcony was incredible and is the one thing I miss the most.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good experience We went to Honolulu for last 3 days of our honeymoon. After coming from Maui, Honolulu seems too busy.....but Halekulani is the best hotel...just a couple of bloopers. We were registered as honeymoon couple but when the friendly conceirge escorted us to our ocean view room.........there were 2 twin beds waiting for us !! They quickly got the beds joined as a king size .....other than that it was a good experience.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>indianchic
<Content>Great Honeymoon We went for the last 3 days of a 2 week trip around the islands. They pampered us, provided us with everything we needed and more. Pricey but totally worth it. For the reviewer that complained about the location, he or she should not have stayed in Waikiki. The Halekulani was an oasis in the bustle of an otherwise touristy area.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJGreyhound
<Content>Loved the Halekulani I was reluctant to stay on Waikiki because its hectic location but the Halekulani is (and this has been said many times before) an elegant, restful oasis.The in-room check-in made us feel like we were VIPs.Our view was stunning. We could even see the ocean from our bathtub.Sevice by the pool was friendly and accomodating.My husband loved having bacon, eggs and miso soup at the buffet breakfast.Litttle presents everynight with turn down service.It was a little hard to find by car but well worth it.Waikiki is bustling and sometimes we hit the streets and shopped and mingled in the crowds. Then we would head back to one of our favorite hotels in the world.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the hotel I have stayed at the halekulani 2 times and it is one of the nicest hotels in the world. The food at Orchids is excellent and so is the service. The hotel is located on waikiki beach, but once on the hotel grounds you feel far removed from the masses. I would recommend this property to anyone wanting to be stress free in Honolulu. The sunset music at the house with out a key is the most relaxing time in my life!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucy50
<Content>Simply the Best We have just returned from a fantastic trip to Hawaii staying 5 nights at the Halekulani where everything about the hotel was perfect - The staff, the service, the food, the room, nothing could be faulted about this hotel. Our best tip? Stay 5 nights or more and the exceptional buffet breakfast is included. Our only regret is that we didn't stay longer before moving onto Maui. A previous reviewer thought the location of the hotel was awful. Yes it is in a busy area but everything like shopping, restaurants, nightlife is all close by and the local transport so very good there is no need to hire a car, especially as the traffic is horrendous. The homeless also mentioned by a reviewer are about, but do not cause tourists any concern, I felt very safe all the time. Don't let anything put you off visiting Waikiki and Do stay at the Halekulani for a perfect holiday.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kansas
<Content>Wonderful entertainment here Hats off to the great 3 piece Hawaiian band the their dancer Canoe (Miss Hawaii 1973). Her dancing is done with such expression and love. It is a real work of art not to be missed! A real first class entainer!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful welcome to paradise! How is this hotel only rated second on this site?!! We started our honeymoon here and after 23 hours of travelling this hotel was an oasis! We were escorted to our room by the receptionist who checked us in. She showed us where everything was and how everything worked. We got to the hotel at midnight and the room service team were friendly and quick - just what we needed. When we woke up and saw the view in the morning we were overjoyed. We had a view of the pool, the beach and the seemingly endless Pacific Ocean. The pool is amazing. They bring you towels and drinks - in fact the staff were all so friendly that your stay feels just so relaxed. Lunch by the pool was lovely and the mai tai's are strong!!! The only down side is that in the evenings the hotel feels a little stuffy with dress codes and a very 'grown up' atmosphere. And as with the whole of Hawaii - don't expect a European holiday timetable. When it says entertainment starts at 5:30 and finishes at 8:30 it means it! We spent four nights here before travelling on to Maui, the big Island and LA. If we could have taken the hotel room with us we would have! It really is an oasis in the resort - we felt calm as soon as we entered from the hustle and bustle and commercialism of Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!! The Halekulani was our final stop on our incredible Honeymoon in August 2004. After 9 nights of remote tranquility, we were ready for the action and excitement of Waikiki Beach. Due to many one-way streets in Honolulu, we had a bit of difficulty locating the hotel, but we eventually found it. Upon check in, we were disappointed that the staff was unable to upgrade our room, but that quickly faded away when we saw our room. The room itself was immaculate and stylishly furnished, but not remarkable. However, the large lanai with views of both the ocean and city was certainly impressive. As soon as we were alone, we cracked the complementary bottle of champagne and enjoyed a toast on the balcony. We were also treated to a nice plate of fresh fruit and the notorious Halekulani homemade chocolates. We can promise that they live up to their reputation! We then headed for a quick walk on the beach before the hotel manager's weekly cocktail reception. We savored a buffet of Asian and American delicacies and free Mai Tais and Champagne -- the perfect way to tide us over until our 9:00pm reservation at La Mer. During the reception, we met Patty Unterman, food critic for the San Francisco Examiner. She was in town as a judge for the annual Sake tasting and had literally tried hundres of Sakes that day. After the reception, we shopped in several of Honolulu's luxury boutiques (everything from Addias to Prada - I was in heaven!). We then returned to the hotel for our dinner at La Mer. The food there was absolutely outstanding - ranking up there as one of the best meals of our honeymoon - and we met a fabulous and informative sommelier. After the first evening, we didn't spend a whole lot of time at the hotel. We were too busy exploring Hanauma Bay, Diamond Head, and all that Honolulu had to offer. We did, however, find time to enjoy a sunrise breakfast on our balcony and a dip in the pool. We also relished in the hotel's strong Japanese culture. Halekulani truly did feel like an oasis, yet it was only steps away from all the charisma and action of Waikiki. To read more about our trip to Hawaii -- visit our blog www.allsetinmass.blogs.com  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!!! We stayed at the Halekulani for the first two nights of our Honeymoon before going to Maui. The Halekulani could not have done anything else to make our stay anymore perfect. They greeted us by name and escorted us to the room while congratulating us on our marriage. The staff was extremly professional and went out of their way to make us feel like were the most important people staying there. The rooms were very clean, as was the rest of the resort. Although the grounds were beautiful, it was the staff that made our stay so memorable. We will forever compare every hotel that we stay in to the Halekulani.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel The Halekulani was a peaceful haven from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. It had a small beach area and a rather small pool, but all of Waikiki beach is open to the public, so you can move around if you choose. The rooms are great and the service is impressive. If you want something, just ask- they will do their best to meet your needs. They usually seem to succeed. House Without a Key had a superb breakfast buffet. La Mer was very, very good, but I could do without the dress code. Overall, a great place to stay and I will be back.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Megan-Australia
<Content>Oasis in busy Waikiki I stayed at the Halekulani with my husband and 10 yr old daughter for 3 nts in Mid October and we all loved it. My sister and her 2 children stayed at the Kahala Mandarin which was lovely too, but different from the Halekulani in that it was further out of Waikiki and had more families. I would recommend Halekulani if you wanted an oasis amidst the busy rush of Honolulu. We found many of the guests were Japanese and there were few children, so it was a calm, quiet place. At the Kahala Mandarin the pool was noisier, with more kids. The restaurants in the Halekulani are great - they were the best places we ate at in Hawaii and we also stayed in Maui for 4 nts. If you want to shop, the Halekulani is a calm and beautiful place to return to after all the noise and heat. However, we did awake one Fri night about 4 am to hear lots of noise on the street - we figured we must have been near a nightclub that had shut for the night and we could hear the intoxicated guests on their way home (they were very loud!). Its great having 'all the action' on your doorstep, but this is one drawback. The other nights there were no problems. Service was friendly and profesional. Security was tight with guys dressed up like secret service agents (maybe they were!) often seen walking the grounds. They even let us use a spare room until 10 p.m. for no charge while we waited for our flight home, although they could have charged us.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamey
<Content>Best Hotel I have ever stayed at Hands down We stayed at the Halekulani Resort in Waikiki Beach. Halekulani translates as House Befitting Heaven and the translation says it all. It was selected the number-one hotel on the island in 2003 by every top travel magazine and publication you can think of: Cond茅 Nast Traveler, Travel and Leisure, Zagat's Top US Hotels, Resorts and spas, and so on. We were absolutely blown away by this place! We have both stayed at some very nice hotels before this one, but I have to say Halekulani stands apart, far apart. Everything about this resort says each guest is treated like a VIP big shot. Starting with a very private check-in where you are greeted by a receptionist who escorts you to your room for a private registration. Then ending with the stretch limo service to the airport, which is at the cost of a regular cab ride for their guests. This resort treats you like a VIP. Complimentary Champagne, fresh chocolate covered strawberries and assorted fruits were prearranged on our coffee table with a personalized card congratulating us on our honeymoon. Our room was very large and lavish for a partial ocean view room. We had an incredible view of the pool, diamond head, and Waikiki beach from our private lanais. We had a better view than some of the ocean view rooms did! The service was A+, right from arrival to departure everyone addressed us as Mr. and Mrs. Heary. Even the staff you don鈥檛 expect, like housekeeping, bell staff, wait staff, and pool attendants addressed us like visiting VIPs. The pool at Halekulani was very nice with oversize pool towels. Our only complaint was that it closed at 6pm every night. It would have made a perfect moonlit swimming spot. The resort is of course right on a great stretch of Waikiki beach with a stunning view of diamond head in the distance. The beach was impeccably maintained. The central location of Halekulani made shopping, eating, and site seeing a breeze. As for the restaurants, see the restaurants section above. Overall this is the best hotel we have ever stayed at and recommend it even given its hefty price (it IS worth it). We will never forget our experience at the 鈥渉ouse befitting heaven鈥?Check out more at http://www.jheary.com/itinerary/hawaii.htmMahalo,Jamey  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Halekulani and the location After reading the last two reviews, it made me really realize different strokes for different folks. I happened to like the location. You were in your own tranquil oasis at the Halekulani, but step out the front door and you were in the middle of all of the action - shopping centers, restaurants, small non-chain stores, Starbucks, etc. (I didn't see any homeless people). After we left the Halekulani, we went to Maui to Hyatt Regency at Kaanapali Beach. Although our hotel was beautiful and the grounds were wonderful with the pools and waterfalls and birds - I felt it was a little remote. You only had the stores in the hotel (not many). If you wanted to go somewhere else to shop, the nearest hotel (Marriott) along the beach walk is still the equivalent of about 10 city blocks. You really need to get into your car to go anywhere or be prepared for a long hike. Our room at the Halekulani was lovely, with a beautiful view and no musty smell (smelled like fresh linens all the time). I had the crab salad one day for lunch - it was delicious - real crab meat which you don't always get anymore. Our Sunday brunch at Orchids was a spread that literally had any type of food you wanted - breakfast, lunch, Japanese, desserts galore. And dinner at La Mer was exquisite - good food, good service, good presentation and the slack band playing beneath us. We had no trouble getting chairs or service by the pool and we were there on a weekend. We did have to wait about an hour to get into our room, but we arrived from Singapore very early (about 10:00 a.m.). It was a very relaxing weekend at this hotel. We went to Pearl Harbor and a few other places, but always were glad to get back home. The view, the breeze, the room, the food, the pool, the service - loved it all. The only thing I didn't like was the beach. The sand on Waikiki is kind of brownish and the beach is terribly eroded. I am very partial to the New Jersey beaches and feel they're among the nicest in the world. We have nice whitish sand, wide beaches, seagulls, and the salty air.But, I hope to return to Hawaii, and would probably stay at the Halekulani again (if the price doesn't go up too much).  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, Luxurious But.... I stayed at the Halekulani for 5 nights in August. The hotel is beautiful and the service is amazing. The restaurants were fabulous as was the room service. Room service breakfast even came with your own toaster! My one complaint was the lack of shade and sufficient umbrellas at the pool. In order to get a chair with an umbrella, we literally had to be down at the pool by 6 am. This is not something I would expect to do on vacation. Even when I told the manager that I had had skin cancer and could not sit in the sun without an umbrella, nothing was done to accomodate me. With all the focus these days on how bad suntanning is for one's health, you would think a hotel of this caliber would have been more understanding.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eightydegrees
<Content>Had A Wonderful Stay We recently returned from the Halekulani and all in all it was great. We had a couple of minor glitches, but we love this hotel for it's service and the glitches didn't bother us too much. We arrived early and were told to check back at the front desk at noon and our room would most likely be ready. We checked back at noon, at 1:00, at 2:00 and again at 3:00. They kept telling us to check back every hour. This was agravating. We finally got our room and didn't like being in the tower facing the Diamond Head view rooms. They very graciously moved us over to the pool side and the room and view were perfect. We were always referred to by name and they were always asking if there was anything else we needed. The room was very clean and felt very homey to us.We really dislike the location of this hotel. It is in a very seedy area by all the budget hotels. We felt so peaceful and calm when we were within the Halekulani, but step out the front door and it's disgusting. There are very run down hotels and restaurants right outside the front door. We went for walks each day and one day we saw two homeless people under one of the beach pagoda's fighting and screaming. We thought the man was going to hit the woman. You see tons of homeless people trash picking and taking used ciggarettes out of the ashtrays. It's really quite sad. They sleep under the tree's in the park and make forts out of whatever they can find. We have been going to Waikiki for years, but this year we found it to be going downhill. The police presence is nowhere to be found at a time when the drug problems are rampant over there. They are having a huge problem with crystal meth and all that goes along with it. Things aren't so bad towards the Hilton end. The Halekulani is a wonderful hotel that is in a bad area. I read that next year they are raising their prices $95.00 per night. Wow! I want a butler for those prices. It's already expensive. We loved Orchids and house without a key. It was wonderful sitting on our lanai and listening to the slack key at night. The pool area is nice and quiet and the attendants came around frequently. We are debating with the hotel raising their prices so high and the area that it's in, as whether to go back or not. It really was quite a nice stay though.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>incguy
<Content>Not Even The Fourth Best Hotel in Hawaii... The Halekulani advertises that it is one of the four top hotels in the world. I doubt that it is even one of the top four hotels in Hawaii. My wife and I just returned from two weeks in Hawaii. Since the best flight for our air miles flew into Honolulu, based on its reputation we decided to stay a couple of nights at the Halekulani before moving on for 11 nights at the Four Seasons on the Big Island where we'd stayed last year. Location: Smack in the middle of Waikiki. Close to good shopping, apartment buildings with their laundry hanging out to dry on their balconies, and Denny's. If you are looking for a real island getaway, this is not your place. It may be the best Waikiki offers, but that's not saying much.The view on the other hand, is stunning. Lobby/On Premises Shops: Simple, small, subtle and not much in the way of amenities. Decent gift shop and nice jewelry stores. Not bad, but not nearly on the level of your typical Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons.Room: We had the in-room check in. It's a nice touch as far as it goes, but at the Four Seasons, Hualalai we didn't even have to check in- we were simply taken to our room, shown around, and given our keys. We booked a junior ocean view suite at the rate of $770.00 including free breakfast and one free lunch during our stay. The hallway to the room could have been from just about any Sheraton, Hilton or Marriot--if they'd been built in the 80's. Unfortunately the room wasn't much bettter. Some places like to advertise that they are old Hawaii. Could it be that they are simply just old? The first thing we noticed about the room was a strange smell somewhere between musty and moldy. The second thing was the drop dead views of the ocean and Diamond Head. The hotel does have incredible vistas from the higher floors.The furnishings were 1980's Hawaii. Tasteful '80's Hawaii, but dated nonetheless. The bathroom had a single sink (inexcusable to me at that price), smallish shower and a not so inviting separate tub. The small walk-in closet featured a room safe. The suite was considerably smaller than our less expensive regular room at the Four Seasons.Pool/Beach: Ok, so you aren't in Hawaii to stay in the room. The pool in the ads looks great right? Well...I don't know where that picture was taken but it sure didn't look like the pool at our hotel. The concrete deck surface was stained and the number of chairs was so limited that we ended up literally overlooking a concrete wall and the pool attendant's stand. The pool itself was small, warm and well maintained. Since we were a few feet from the attendants we thought we'd at least have good service...not quite. We were there for over two hours and not once did someone come by with drink menus, water, or even a hello. The beach was a tiny strip of sand with incredible views and no service. The chairs were all occupied every time we walked by.Food: Breakfast Buffet: Average. Not worth what it would have cost and definitely not what you would expect at a place like this. Lunch: I'm probably biased since I got food poisoning from the crab salad I had but the food at Orchids and House Without a Door (I think that's what it was called) was just not very good. The review that said they got expired cheese didn't surpise me. Dinner: La Mer was very good. We had a nice meal and gracious service. Service: Other than La Mer and the Concierge, the service was mediocre at best and awful (see pool) at other times. I think part of the problem is that the place is 95% occupied by Asian tourists. Please don't take this the wrong way, but tipping is not part of their culture the way it is here. When waitstaff, bellmen, etc. are stiffed on tips time and time again, they aren't going to be at the top of their game. I'm convinced by things like the tip calculator cards and automatic gratuity for the spa that this is a problem for the hotel and it shows in the service. The concierge was very helpful, well organized, and gracious.Spa: This was the one highlight of our stay. If you have to stay at the Halekulani don't miss trying a massage experience- especially if you are going as a couple. From start to finish this was the best spa experience my wife and I have ever experienced, and I am in the business myself. The private couples treatment room with the soaking tub for after the massage was not to be missed.Summary: If I ever had to go back to Waikiki there is no way I'd ever stay at the Halekulani, especially given the astronomical prices. If you have never been there and can avoid Waikiki and go to another island instead, do it. The Four Seasons, Hualalai and the Princeville on Kauai are both beautiful properties that are far better experiences. If you have to stay there I'd suggest saving your money and trying any of the four star type places. I really can not imagine that someone thought this hotel was one of the top four in the world. If you are at all picky- and why would you be reading this if you weren't- you are not going to be happy there.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best on Waikiki Went to Halekulani on my honeymoon. Let's break it down:1) No honeymoon upgrade2) Great service otherwise... they created an itinerary for us based on our requests, made all our reservations for us around town and even got us great seats! ... wonderful concierge3) Food... good!!! Total luxury, great ambiance, wonderful service, good selection...BEWARE: My husband's cheese (it was pre-wrapped) at breakfast was old... its expiry was several months prior... when I told the food manager, they took away the cheeses, but DID NOT APOLOGIZE or compensate my husband for his bad stomach later. Watch to make sure the food is not expired.4) View... if you are on a higher floor, it's great5) Weather... weather in Hawaii in the winter is pretty unpredictable... we had rain nearly every day6) There is not much to do at the hotel7) The beach is tiny--- BUT... this doesn't matter since the entire Waikiki beach area is terrible. If you want a good beach (white sand, turquoise water) rent a car and drive to the SOUTH EAST coast of the Island.. (it's about an hour away)... these beaches are spectacular.8) The hotel is CLEAN, the rooms are nice, the bathroom is great, the soaps and things they provide are great... it's definitely first rate.9) Location... really central to everything... definitely recommended.GOOD LUCK!!! (I just don't like Hawaii in general... overpriced for what you get).  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Having trouble living up to its reputation We recently stayed at what has always been our favorite hotel in Hawaii, and came away feeling somewhat disappointed. We haven't stayed in a few years and noticed some changes which were not for the better. We recall completing check-in formalities in-room previously, and this time all formalities were completed downstairs like a standard hotel. Nothing wrong with that, only it seems that other people were still being checked in in-room so it felt a little odd. The new SpaHalekulani is a lovely space and the girls on the desk were very nice, but the manicurist was the surliest and most uncommunicative I have ever met and seemed annoyed that she had to be at work. The restaurant waitstaff were their usual delightful and helpful selves, but several of the duty and restaurant managers seemed rather gruff and brusque, something we had never encountered here before. Room service staff also seemed very keen on ensuring that we gave them additional tips on top of the built-in gratuity (not the service/delivery charge but the gratuity amount added to the room service bill) on the bill--basically they wouldn't leave the room until they have been tipped again. This felt very uncomfortable, as we had also recently stayed the Regent Beverly Wilshire in LA where the staff never asked for more than the 15% added to the room service bills (the service there was faultless I might add). The tipping issue was also raised again when one evening at dinner in one of the restaurants when we were presented with our check accompanied by a handy Halekulani tip calculator! In case you are wondering, we normally tip around 20% when we dine out, so it wasn't like they had reason to educate us on tipping etiquette, but quite frankly we found it offensive to receive a mini laminated chart on how to work out 15% and 20% on varying check amounts when we hadn't asked for one. The Halekulani is still a glorious place to stay and we will no doubt stay again, but we won't have the same expectations that we used to have, as clearly the hotel won't be able to meet them.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Halekulani My husband and I spent the first part of our one year anniversary at the Halekulani. The other week we spend in Maui at the Fairmont Kea Lani (beautiful hotel, service lacking). We were very impressed and spoiled at the Halekulani and we loved it. Everyone called us by name and the service was excellent. The only bad thing is one night i ordered room svc from La Mer and it was horrible. We did the bed and b-fast thing and the buffett was terrffic all the staff was great includign the hostesses and valets, they remember where you like to sit and are very gracious. Expect more Japaneses than Americans, but who cares? We'd go back to Honulu, just to stay a few days at this hotel, even though we loved Maui better, but the service is so wonderful here, no wonder they are ranked nubmer three in the world in service. We had a courtyard room which was perfect and the little gifts each night are touching, bathroom is wonderful also.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the ultimate Hawaiian experience We were put in a room for a handicaped person. and we are not handicaped. No lei greeting. Do not stay here if you want to be on a beach. There is a tiny beach with no service. Have to show a room key at the pool. Men in suits with ear pieces walking around the grounds, to ensure safety. I don't want to be worried about my safety at a five star hotel. For a true Hawaiian experience, stay at the Four Seasons on Maui, as we did last year. Would never return to Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sahdoggiemom
<Content>Great visit but not outstanding My husband and I are in the last few hours of our 2-day visit to the Halekulani. We checked in at 4 p.m. on 5/29 after a long flight and found check-in to be quick and professional and relaxing...it was nice to dispense of the formalities in the comfort of our guest room. The room was beautiful (Diamond Head Ocean View) but I don't think I'd pay $540 for the rack rate...we got a discounted rate at their website. It's nice here, but not that nice. We've stayed down on Waikiki several times before and always marveled at how nice and serene the pool area looked at the Halekulani and it was indeed wonderful! The pool attendants were attentive and quick to hand out towels and set up our chairs and make sure we had everything we needed. We had drinks one evening at House Without a Key (I remember it being a little more elegant and the restaurant actually enforcing the evening dress code last time, not so this visit so it was a little less than expected) and dinner at Orchids last night. Orchids was good but not outstanding...we had a better meal and better service on our last trip at Bali By The Sea at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The only thing about the visit that truly bothered me was that we weren't able to take advantage of the For You, Everything program because we happened to be staying here on days when the museums weren't open. Halekulani guests get complimentary tickets to several Honolulu museums and cultural exhibits. We wanted to see Iolani Palace but it was closed during the two days we were here. The concierge wouldn't make reservations for us for later in the week (we're staying up at the North Shore for the next five days) because we wouldn't be Halekulani guests at that time. That was a little frustrating, since I had been looking forward to the museum tickets since I made the reservation. In retrospect I suppose I should have checked but oh well! We're undecided as to whether or not we'd stay here again...I don't think I could justify the expense for more than a couple of days but that's just my experience. The hotel is beautiful, the grounds immaculate and the staff is friendly and attentive, although hit-or-miss. When our light bulb burned out, someone was up in five minutes to replace it but last night when we called to request turndown service, it took them 25 minutes to come up. At the 15-minute mark we called downstairs to say Nevermind because we were tired but were told that they were almost at our room...and it was another 10 minutes before they arrived and it was very rushed...not nearly as refined of a turndown service as on our first night. I do agree with the others...the coconut cake is pretty darn good too!  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful slice of heaven Truly the most gracious hotel I've ever stayed with. The breakfast buffet is a must -- can't think of a better way to start your day than with views of the ocean, good service, and wonderful food! The service at this hotel was top rate. It was always a pleasure to return to the hotel, however wonderful the day had been. Definitely my favorite hotel in Hawaii, and one of my favorites in the world.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't miss the restaurants!       Ocean view table at Orchids  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CompressedChi
<Content>My blue heaven A very nice hotel conveniently located in the heart of Waikiki. The grounds and hotel are very well maintained with a nice pool and great restaurants. There is no beach to speak of. The rooms are well proportioned with large bathrooms. The bed itself was not particularly comfortable but the pillows were very nice. My room had a unobstructed view of the ocean overlooking the grounds and pool. The way the bathroom is situated, if you open the closet door from both the bathroom side and the room side, you can see the ocean while taking a shower. The service and people are extraordinarily polite and they get you a cab instantly. Concierges were very helpful with suggestions, and are right on the money with restaurant recommendations. Overall a very enjoyable place to stay   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jfed
<Content>Best hotel we've stayed at I couldn't agree more with the previous reviews - this is, without a doubt, the finest hotel we've ever stayed at - everything was well worth the price. As they say, you get what you pay for - and we got the best. If, and when, we return to Honolulu, I can't imagine staying anywhere other than the Halekulani.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>southernswede
<Content>perfect understated elegance, superb! We stayed in 3 hotels on Oahu and this was without a doubt THE BEST. It is elegant without being brass and in your face. The service is quiet and efficient and top notch. The rooms are fantastic, clean, spacious and wonderful decor. I would avice to get ocean, partical ocean, garden or diamond head view and high up (the hotel isn't that high though) so to avoid noice which I could imagine could appear allthough we had none. The concierge at this hotel goes out of their way to help with anything at all. Should we return to Waikiki then this will be the place we stay without a doubt  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Halekulani I had the priviledge to stay at the Halekulani with my aunt and cousin at the beginning of April. It was a trip for just us girls and we wanted to stay somewhere very nice. We were so pleased with our stay in the luxury suite, the staff treated us with such warmeth and couldn't do enough for us during our stay. We felt very safe, and always knew that someone was always watching over the grounds. The food was great at the morning buffet and also at Orchids and every waiter/waitress bent over backwards to get what ever we needed. If we are able to come back to Hawaii, this would be the only place I would stay. I would recommend the Halekulani to anyone. It is surely a number 1 in our book.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb all the way... I have to include this as one of the most outstanding hotels I've ever stayed in. The room wasn't spectacular, but the balcony was wonderfully spacious, and we had a great view of the ocean, Diamond Head and Waikiki.Service was flawless with the exception of Orchids restaurant (both at breakfast and dinner--it was quite slow and dinner and really sporadic at breakfast, but I think this was an exception) but I had no complaints with the food. La Mer is DIVINE. Room service (every morning for coffee and twice for dinner) was delicious, prompt, and immaculate. I really can't think of anything bad to say about the place. I've stayed at many Ritz Carlton hotels and would say that the service is on par or better.If you're looking to be pampered, spoiled, and don't need a lot of rowdy fun, this is your place. My husband and I like to party, but we found a great little Irish pub within walking distance and had our wild times there. I certainly would chose another place if I were watching my vacation budget, though, but I thought it was well worth it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CA78
<Content>The best place to stay in Waikiki Stayed at the Halekulani in Waikiki from 4/1 through 4/4/04. I could hardly believe I was in the middle of Waikiki! Once in our room, there was no city noise at all, but just the sound of the ocean waves outside. We went through check-in in our room. (If you don't smoke, make sure to ask for a non-smoking floor.) We bought the sunrise package and breakfast was included each morning. Don't miss the breakfast buffet at House without a Key! Oceanside breakfast with a bountiful buffet is the best way to start the day! They host casual dining throughout the day as well, and in the evening there is live music with a hula dancer. Our room was spacious and clean with a large bath area and closet accessible from two sides. CD player in the room, flat screen TV, robes and slippers, and a little surprise with nightly turndown. The service could not have been more gracious, warm and helpful. Take the short drive to Diamond Head for a hike to the crest; go early! For dinner, we had a great meal in Honolulu at a place called Indigo for Eurasian gourmet (recommended by our local connection!) We've made the mistake of staying at cheaper places downtown. Never again! This is the way to go!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! Perfect! a real Hawaiian Paradise I have visited the islands 3 times. Each time staying at the Halekulani. Each time it just kept getting better. It was a magical experience. A perfect ocean view and a magnificent view of Diamond Head. The sunsets were picture perfect! I enjoyed watching the whales swim by. I especially enjoyed drinking tropical drinks under the palm trees at night while watching the hula dancers. Also, a small 30 min. drive to Hanauma Bay set you up for a day of amazing snorkeling. Also, I visited Pearl Harbor to make the Perfect. The Halekulani is a definate ***** hotel and if you get the chance, you should definitely go.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis in Waikiki An amazing property! The room was incredible, especially the bathroom. The staff was extremely attentive and customer service was well above average. Had no problems with kids - the ones that were there were well mannered (and quite frankly, what resort isn't going to have kids). We were upgraded upon our arrival to an Oceanview Room (from a partial), which was a very nice surprise. We had absolutely no problems with noise - I'm a very light sleeper and would have heard the slighest bit of noise! The beach is quite small and the sand is not great, but if you walk 2 minutes down the beach you will be at the heart of Waikiki beach. We didn't want to be in the middle of all the action - that's one of the things I liked most about the hotel - it was so close to the action yet the hotel itself was very quite and subdued. I would highly recommend this property to anyone travelling to Waikiki - you will not be disappointed. We would definetly stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigSteveTx
<Content>Noisy slice of heaven We just returned from the Halekulani and enjoyed our 7 night stay. This was our 6th trip to the islands in 14 years, but our first to Oahu. The city noise (sirens!) and Honolulu traffic nightmare will prevent us from returning to the Halekulani or Waikiki. There is no real beach to speak of at the hotel. The pool area was nice, but rather small for a hotel with 400+ rooms. Also, there were way too many noisy kids with floats for us. Plus, you can't see the ocean when seated at the pool, due to the hedges. The Halekulani offered excellent food (the crabcake egg benedict at Orchid's was to die for). The service was above average, but not quite what we have experienced at Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton properities.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>sunset and coconut cake.... I am in love with Halekulani and you don't have to be a millionaire to take advantage of it either. The House without a Key is a great place for a light dinner, dessert, a mai tai and a beautiful sunset. They have live entertainment too! THEY HAVE THE BEST COCONUT CAKE ON THE PLANET!! Solo or romantic, don't miss this place!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We enjoyed our time in HNL even if it was thunderstorming the 3 out of 4 days that we were in HNL. The staff was friendly, the concerige service was knowledgeable and the room was excellent. The notes @ turndown, the welcome gifts, and maid service, just adds a little extra to your experience. Service really matters and you will be very happy here.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Halekulani is Incredible! The Halekulani was incredible!. We were pampered beyond measure. The hotel took the liberty of upgrading us to a full oceanfront room on the 4th floor, with an outside lanai with 2 chairs and a table and chaise lounge overlooking the pool and the ocean beach. Inside the sliding glass doors were another set of sliding louvered panels for privacy. When we checked in, an employee escorted us to the room for a tour and we took care of the paperwork in the room.The room included a huge main area, sofa, chairs, desk, King bed and entertainment center with stereo, CD and Video/DVD player. The lights, music, TV, message center, and phone were all controlled from a command center on the nightstand. The closet shared a wall with the bathroom, with sliding doors on each side, so you could access the hanging clothes from either the bathroom or the sleeping area, and the closet contained the safe, thermostat, and occupancy sensors to turn closet lights on when the room was occupied. (I suspect these were also used to let the hotel staff and housekeeping know when the room was occupied, so they never knocked when we were in the room.) The bathroom was huge, with a large deep tub and a huge separate glass-walled shower with thermostatically controlled water settings, sink, a lady's vanity with stool, and a complete assortment of every amenity for bathing and personal care you might imagine. The room included a wet bar with refrigerator and complimentary bottled water and juice. The hotel staff refreshed the ice in the 2 ice buckets 2-3 times each day. The room even had a doorbell in the hall!When we returned to from dinner the first night, there was a bottle of champagne on ice with 2 glasses, accompanied by hand-written note from the hotel manager, with congratulations and thanks for celebrating our anniversary with them. The bed was turned down, the bed cover had been removed and folded and placed under the bench at the foot of the bed, and there was another note from the staff wishing us good dreams and a wrapped seashell in a box on the pillow.We both felt spoiled and welcomed at the same time! The concierge staff took care of our every wish, arranging transporation, tours, and anything we needed, including several calls to our tour group Vacations to get answers to questions for us. The next few days were more of the same! Incredible courtesy, and a staff that lived by the hotel's motto:For you, Everything...The concierge staff also saved us a lot of time and allowed us to see more, since the tour group people insisted we attend the morning breakfast meeting, but wanted us to walk about 6 blocks to the breakfast location to arrive by 7 am and stay with them for most of the day for their free tours and sights. Had we done that, we would have been unable to book several tours which were selling out quickly. Instead, the concierge arranged for us to visit the Pearl Harbor  Arizona Memorial on Sunday morning, coordinating that tour driver to take us directly to a boat and submarine dive off Waikiki Beach, to return us for some shopping and leisure later that evening, and the Polynesian Cultural Center all day Monday, with a few hours more leisure on Tuesday before our flight to Maui. We plan to return soon!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danni0005
<Content>Wonderful! Enjoyed my time here. Gym has great view. Awesome pool. Centrally located. Lovely room. Wonderful service. loved this lpace!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Halekulani Spent over a week at the Halekulani in February, what a wonderful hotel. Friendly staff, beautiful room and peaceful surroundings. The beach area is nonexistent, but the pool is just beautiful. Be sure to get the sunrise package - The House Without a Key  Orchids both serve an excellent breakfast. I recommend a visit to the hotel's spa as well.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfection Our two night stay was perfect. As we came out of the limo, they greeted us by name. Check-in was prompt and in our room. The bathroom had more amenities than any hotel I've ever been to. Rooms were beautifully decorated. Everything about the hotel was perfect. Our dinner at Le Mer was equally perfect. And near the Don Ho Theater to boot!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>close to perfect hotel The minute we walked in the Halekulani evrything seemed perfect, we were tired from the long flight arriving way past midnight. Everyone greated us like we were the most important people in the world, room introduction by the manager, fruits and chocolate, big rooms, well decorated , big lanai , impecable bathroom... And a view to remember for ages... Breakfeast every morning in the sunrise package and the little details by everybody on staff makes this first class all the way... I stayed at 4 hotels in my 2 weeks and Halekulani was the best ... SHeraton Moana surfrider was also great but the location is a bit too busy for our taste and in Maui Renaissance wailea and Sheraton Maui were also pretty interesting but nothing as perfect as the Halekulani... I reccomend it hands down every penny you spend there is worth it...  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Black Lab Nickie
<Content>Outstanding hotel Truly fantastic - attentive service, superb breakfast. We stayed in a room with ocean view. The room was clean, peaceful and the view was breath-taking.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service After a 9 hour flight and no lei greeting at the airport, I was a little dissappointed and wondered what all the hoopla about Hawaii was all about. Then we arrived at the Halekulani and all of that dissappeared. We were greated by the friendliest staff and was personally escorted to our room....a very nice and touch. We loved the room, it was very warm and immaculate. From that moment on we were treated with the utmost respect and kindness, our named was remembered by the stafff and they went out of their way to accomodate our requests. The breakfast was excellent everyday, a very relaxing way to start your day. It was more than we expected and then some, we will definitely go back and recommend it to anyone who can afford to be pampered.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LongBeach_NYLeny
<Content>TOP QUALITY HOTEL and SERVICE!!! My husband and I spent 5 days of our honeymoon in this hotel in July 2003. The staff and service was excellent! highly recommend the breakfast buffet, all first quality. Be aware that the beach is small, but that is just the way it is in waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true "Leading Hotel of the World"   showReview(1433925, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best!   showReview(1397692, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ydougher
<Content>Not What I Expected   showReview(1269597, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spectacular service   showReview(1220081, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of best hotels on earth   showReview(1137433, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where is the beach?   showReview(1135849, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Halekulani, House Befitting Heaven   showReview(1107902, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StuGrunt
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(1091455, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad experience with reservation dept.   showReview(698836, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Halekulani   showReview(643284, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amanayus
<Content>闈欍亱銇洶鍥叉皸銇ч亷銇斻仐銇熴亜銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺伀銈傘亰鍕с倎       partial ocean veiw銇т竴鐣捣銇銇堛倠閮ㄥ眿銇ㄣ伄銇撱仺  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kaolingo
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(23275359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>otonozo
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣婧€鐐?#x201d;   showReview(23060398, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(22291009, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shinchanmama93
<Content>渚℃牸銇汇仼銇尽鍊ゃ亴瑕嬪嚭銇涖仾銇嬨仯銇熲€?#x201d;       锛撻殠銇嬨倝銇櫙瑕?/a>  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>銈儹銈?> 銈儹銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鎸欏紡锛嗐儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂銇亰鍕с倎鈽?#x201d;   showReview(21416478, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勩仺鎬濄亪銈嬬礌鏁点仾銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745491, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>likeaswallow
<Content>銇濄仱銇仾銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21226840, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>asako
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ倝銇椼亜楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21087070, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇с伅锛戠暘銈偣銈广儭   showReview(20974396, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>绌烘皸銇岄仌銇?#x201d;   showReview(20888785, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>kitayuka
<Content>鍎泤銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20836772, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇嶃仧銇樸亙
<Content>鏈熷緟閫氥倞锛?#x201d;   showReview(20658385, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銈淬兂2
<Content>椋熶簨銇屻亰銇勩仐銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(20656746, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>13133232
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伄涓€娴併儧銉嗐儷銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(20417489, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>muiru
<Content>澶栧嚭銇椼仧銇忋仾銇忋仾銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20352912, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘仚銇︺亶銇┖闁?#x201d;   showReview(20753362, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿偘銈搞儱銈儶銉?#x201d;   showReview(20753311, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aloha235
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉嬨伅銈广儐銈仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20163573, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇曘亸銈夈倱銆?> 銇曘亸銈夈倱銆?</a> </div>
<Content>銈偄銉曞扯銇ф渶楂樸伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20130320, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銉熴儷銈兗
<Content>鏈€杩戙仭銈囥仯銇ㄣ亱銇?#x201d;   showReview(20003755, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>NapuapIkake
<Content>涓栫晫銉堛儍銉?0銇叆銈嬨仩銇戙伄銇撱仺銇亗銈娿伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19950993, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>銈裤偒銉溿兂
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銈点兗銉撱偣锛?#x201d;   showReview(19147308, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曟檪銈傛硦銇俱仯銇︺伨銇欌櫔   showReview(19914847, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ€€銈裤偆銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914785, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓栫晫涓€澶уソ銇嶃仾鏅壊   showReview(19914498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺娈嬪康銆傘€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19914463, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇銇嶅眾銇勩仧銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171540, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇忋儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171344, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰銇皸鎸併仭   showReview(19171140, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨仹銈嗐仯銇忋倞閬庛仈銇椼仸娆层仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19171089, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉嬨€€銈兂銆€銈躲€€銉撱兗銉併€€銈儍銉堛€€銉偆銈偔   showReview(19170474, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銉儍銉併仾姘楀垎銇仾銈娿伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19170064, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oseatelojuro
<Content>supera mis expectativas   showReview(14512781, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈枫儍銈仹涓婂搧   showReview(19169595, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇忋仱銈嶃亽銈嬨儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19168957, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銈掓簚鍠紒   showReview(19168555, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166503, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶у鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19166473, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐢樸亜銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(19165427, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉欍儵銉炽儉銇ф湞椋?#x201d;   showReview(19164347, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻伀璞彲   showReview(19162429, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩伄鍓嶃伅姘村钩绶氥仹銇椼仧   showReview(19162085, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儚銉偆銈掓簚鍠紒   showReview(19162025, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162019, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儚銉偗銉┿儖   showReview(19161697, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161642, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(19161464, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sschmid1
<Content>Unvergesslich Tage im Halekulani       Blick  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ倝銇椼仌銈掓簚鍠仹銇嶃倠   showReview(19160854, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銉忋儻銈ゃ伅浠婂洖锛掑洖鐩?..   showReview(21801988, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴?#x201d;   showReview(19157937, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑷炽仯銇︽櫘閫?#x201d;   showReview(19157786, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銆€銉忋儸銈儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157745, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兂銈层偔銇椼伨銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19156169, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅鏈€楂樸仹銇?..   showReview(19929036, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖锛掑害鐩€傚墠銇硦銇?..   showReview(19928533, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儍銈紗銈枫兂銉椼儷銇唴...   showReview(19928284, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙嬩汉銇祼濠氬紡銇弬鍔犮仚...   showReview(19926660, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧姐亜澶х悊鐭炽伄浣溿倞銇?..   showReview(19926350, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉嬨伄涓仹銇笅...   showReview(19926246, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伅閬庡幓锛撳害銉忋儻銈ゃ伕...   showReview(19925390, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇с儚銉偆銇...   showReview(19925214, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈儵绯汇仺銇勩亞銇撱仺...   showReview(19925142, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇у銇寵寮忋倰銇椼伨...   showReview(19924673, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉伌銇儜銉笺偡銉ｃ儷...   showReview(19924509, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇с倐銉忋儻銈ゃ伄鏈夊悕...   showReview(19924503, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧...   showReview(19922823, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶈鍒ら€氥倞銇儧銉嗐儷銇?..   showReview(19922235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈夊悕銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銇仹...   showReview(19922153, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儸銈儵銉嬨仺銇儚銉偆...   showReview(19921701, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仹銈備竴娴併伀浣嶇疆...   showReview(19921615, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧...   showReview(19920175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄鏅傘伅銆併仭銈囥仯銇ㄥギ...   showReview(19919977, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇€併亜銇ゃ倐绗?..   showReview(19919292, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伀銇€€浣曞害銈傝...   showReview(19919050, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ゃ亜鍏堟棩瀹挎硦銇椼仸銇嶃伨...   showReview(19919039, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇硦銇俱倠銇仹...   showReview(19918546, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻伀瓒呬竴娴併仺瑷€銈?..   showReview(19917354, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伅瀹挎硦銇椼仧銇伅锛掞紣...   showReview(19916579, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

