<Author>skylassie
<Content>Great valuefor your money! I am a flight attendant, so I have stayed in many hotels worldwide in my life, and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised wth the Carabela. Yes, I too read reviews before leaving and was skeptic, but I went with my mom, a very critical person, and she loved it. The food was exceptional, never got sick, and really enjoyed the A La Carte seafood restaurant. The room needed repairs, but who goes to the islands to stay locked up in their room? My 7yr old son, wasn't keen on the beach, but he loved playing ping pong every day and mini-golf too. There wasn't much for kids to do, but most children love pools, so that wasn't a big deal.We did a couple of the excursions. I do not recommend the one about swimming with the naturium for the elderly or the too young who have problems swimming. You must swim from the boat to the naturium and then back to the boat. So I spent $200 for 3 of us to stay on a boat for 5 hrs along with a few others who couldn't get off the boat due to medical issues. They were not impressed either. The inhabited island tour was beautiful. Went on a catamaran and spent the day on island and in natural pools in the middle of the ocean. Unbelievable! we could touch the bottom.Overall, I must say that out of all the hotels I have stayed in the Caribbean including some high end ones in Mexico, this one is great value for your money. To those people who expect to find the same amenities that they are accustomed to at home in a third world country, let go and enjoy yourself.My mom is planning her trip again, and she is definitely wanting to go back to the Carabela. Peace, quiet, great food, lovely beach, and great massages.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>creatura
<Content>Great holidays! LOvely holidays - much better than expected while reading previous reviews!we were in Carabelle between 12th and 19th December 2008, and I have to say that it was a lovely holiday. I was very worried as first we bought this trip through the agency, and then I read reviews her eon trip adviser. I was really worried and constantly thinking how to cancel or to change the hotel. And probably this is why it was even bigger relief as everythign went smoothly and very nicely. It is a good 4 star hotel, in a very green environment, well maintened garden (and I was happy to see thta some other 5 star hotels were like in a sand desert), 3 swimming pools with open and workign bars (probably it depend son the season and tourist number?) - each pool has its own particularities and own advantages. Drink at the bar were mainly canned juices and soft drinks, but you can get fresh juice during the breakfast and it is normal that for food security reasons in such a heat it is not good to keep fresh juice. Lovely beach with palms, which is a great pleasure on a hot day, though of couse on a rainy or windy day it is better to stay in the pool. Lots of beacjh activities - palying volleyball, table tennis, football, sports, dancing, lots of animation during the day, and animation at 17h by the main swiming pool. It was a real family atmosphere, people enjoying company and very social, animators also great. Our kids (aged 4) enjoyed hight attention and smiles from all hotel staff - from bar men, gardeners, waitress in the restaurants. We had smile sand chats several times with each meal and whenever passing through, and so other kids. Mexican, Italian and international restaurants do exists!! (previous review writter said they don't.. probably he didn't find?;. you have to reserve in the mornign at the reseption and they'll show where it is located). Table's int he main restaurant were always nicely decorated with fruit figures and changes daily in harmony with evening show. Previous reader said no evening entertainmenty, but ther eis a show at 10 pm and then a disco. Meals were nice. At the very begining, we were not eating frutis and salads as we were afraid to get something, but after couple of days we couldn't resist any more and attacked fruits - no stomack problems for us or for kids! What I really loved, it was 10-16 kinds of breads!!! and when you cut your mornign bread loaf, you can still feel it is warm and home made - lovely touch! Black bread was particularly nice.The lovely thing is a good phootgrapher, passing everyday - with parrots or monkey, and we did some lovely photos. 8 USD per photo (big size), we also made soem personalised family pictures on the beach - and photographer was particularly professional with advices and combinations - we've done these lovely pictures as from the adds which will be framed and placed in the living room.Take on a possibility and go to Manati park - I do not like these tourist atractions, but one day was a bit cloudy and windy so instead of staying in the hotel room, we wen tto that park - kids and us enjoued all performaced and animals, swiming with dolphins and shows.. You can book it directly though the hotel and there is a bus 3 times per day directly from the hotel.The weakest point woudl be the rooms - nicely arrange sin old colonial style, wit strong local touch of colours (blue and red - not my tase, but that's the local spirit..) however rooms need some renovation, but it didn't bother us much as we were not staying in.Few moskitos in the evenings - so it wa sgood to have some creamI think a lot depends also on the season - if you are coming on the rainy season or not.. End December - March/April seam to be the bets time to travel -less windy, less rainy. Also, people suggest to go a bit to the North of the island in case it happens to be windy and rainy in punta cana.But most of all, the success of your holidays depends alot on our own approach to people, to environment - if we smile more, people do tend to smile to us too, and with a positive look averythign seems to be much better.I was scared to go to carabela, but indeed, we found lots of sports, animations, atractitions, great attention to kids, we madelost of freinds, participated in organized activities, had a nic emeal, nice beach, lovely memory photos done by professional photographer, nice animal park and etc. Great holidays, lots of smiles, nice memories - go and enjoy yourself!I was amazed to see people of all ages - young, single, travelling alone and with group of friends, families with kids and just single couples, mothers with prams as hotel is very suitable for prams or disabled - we also saw peope in vhielchairs, as well as middle aged couples, and elderly - this hotel has somethign to offer for everyone.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>newbigginlad
<Content>Worst holiday ever For the past 2 years my wife and I were told by numerous people that the Dominican Republic was a great place to go for a quiet and relaxing holiday. So we decided to give it a go, and booked the Carabella Bavaro Resort.When we arrived at the Resort, we were greeted by a very polite person at the main desk who booked us in and organised a bellboy to take our luggage to the room. We thought then that this was going to be a lovely holiday. How wrong we were.On arriving to our room, the first thing we smelt when entering, was a musky damp odour. It was in the room the whole duration of the holiday, no matter how often we had the A/C on or windows open. The room was also very dated, the TV didnt have a remote. The room fridge only had a bottle of water in it, and all the resort information leaflets on the table were only written in Spanish.In the Bathroom, the towel rail was hanging off the wall, the bath had a red stain in it(at first we thought it was blood, but couldnt remove it). The bath and Toilet were also filthy, and the ceiling was falling through.There were 3 pools on the resort, all with a bar, the main pool had a swim up bar. The problem was, that the 2 other pools had bars but were never open, so not many people used these pools. And the main pool was always littered with dead insects and bits of thatch roof from the swim bar.The beach was nice, but always in the shade due to all the palm trees right up to the waters edge.The food was layed out beautifully, but didnt taste as well as it looked. And I fell victim to the dreaded stomach problems towards the end of the week. The so called Pizza parlour, Creperie and Mexican restaurants did not exist. The only place for food was the main restaraunt, or you could get a burger and chips on the beach.Apart from the man on the main entrance desk, the rest of the staff only spoke Spanish, and looked utterly miserable throughout our stay. It might have something to do with, the staff didnt seem to get a day off the the whole time we were there.There was no entertainment in the evenings, so if you wanted to do something after you had eaten in the evening. All you had was the bar. So it was back to the apartments to watch TV which we had never done before on a holiday anywhere.Im afraid the only thing enjoyable was the sunshine, which really was great.We wont be going back to the Dominican Republic again, all because this resort has put us off.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	4	1	3	

<Author>LoveDRYum
<Content>Great Service, Food, Gardens, Beach and Pools       pic of white beach from my beach chair  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Tallytraveler1
<Content>1 star resort on a good day This place is one of the oldest resorts in Punta Cana and it has not aged well. Thermostat didn't work on A/C so either freeze to death or sweat. Mold on the patio curtains, giant cockroach first night, many ants in the bathroom. The shower in the room above ours leaked down into our shower when people above us used it. The screen to the patio was broken and torn. The beds and pillows were rather miserable. The musty/moldy smell was hard to get rid of even after washing our dirty clothes twice. The buffet was plentiful but after all the reviews about people getting sick we stuck to safe foods and faired pretty well. The variety shows in the evenings were rather tacky but somewhat fun. Roosters and chickens running around the resort and crowed several mornings at 4 and 5 am. Beaches nice but covered in cigarette butts from all the European smokers. Almost no english speakers so better brush up on your espanol. By the way be prepared for 80 year old topless European grandmas bellying up to the beach bars. Not coming back to the Carabela.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>meservicesinc
<Content>The Black Out This is (ever, ever)come back to this hotel1- Room smell really bad. 2-The only thing inside the small cooler was water.3-The air conditionimy second time to Dominican Republic and let me number the reasons why I will never ng was really bad(we moved the bed, right under the vents and even like that we were melting inside the room(we called and they sent a guy and he did not know anything about air conditioning)4-We had a black out in the room for about 3 hours and we were scare to come back to the room so we stop by front desk to make sure electricity was available.5-We had a construction on site, so we can only sleep until 8:00 am.6-Drinks allow only on premises, tried to get some and take it to the room and I could not do it. Even tipping the bartender7-Always asking for extra tower it was like they were short of everything.8-The pool bar inside the water is only for decoration(it was never opened for services at all)9-The restaurant food was almost the same, every day and the pizza place by the beach was a disaster. (I am really sorry for the people who does not speak spanish. My spanish is really good and even like this, I had this bitter experience.)  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>spree014
<Content>Worst experience EVER! Delta had put us up in the hotel since our flight got canceled and it was the worst experience ever! There were ants all over the room (couch, shower, floor). We didn't sleep at all, because we felt like the sheets had not been changed in god knows how long, and we felt things crawling on us. The food doesn't seem bad to begin with but my friends got sick with it all night. The place is run down!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>criticalreview
<Content>HEALTH DEPARTMENT HEAVEN Delta cancelled our flight and put us up for one night in this horror. All 400 passengers from the flight had the same experience. We have been going to Punta Cana for 7 years and this place was enough to keep us from coming back. No one slept or showered due to filthy, moldy, unsanitary conditions. There were cockroaches in the halls and in the bathrooms. Ants ran rampant , screams could be heard during the night due to unwelcomed visitors - (SALAMANDERS on the beds). The grounds are completely unkept, the beach filthy, the staff indifferent - (unless you happen to have a pretty teenage daughter), the ashtrays loaded with ashes and garbage, the food inedible, the lobby and room floors filthy. We all came home sick with island parasite stomach infections because they use unpurified water to wash cocktail glasses. The only positive distraction from this so called resort is the peacock families that roam the grounds. A thoroughly DISGUSTING experience.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>mad1663
<Content>Great for families This was the second time that I have traveled with my family to the Carabela Resort, and we were not disappointed. Having stayed at the resort before, we knew some of the reviews were correct that this would not be considered a 4.5 star resort by any means, but it is a resort that is well worth the money that you pay (and there are some FANTASTIC deals). The grounds are pretty and very clean, though the rooms are somewhat tired. We do recommend staying in the 10000 Block and request the third floor. The show from the auditorium can be heard very clearly from this area, but I can assure you that if you spend a full day swimming and participating in the many activities, there will not be much that can keep you awake.The beach is amazing and though the resort was very full, we always managed to find a spot on the beach close to the water to accomodate the six of us; my in-laws, my husband and I and our two teenage daughters. The Animacion crew (activities) are the friendliest and most congenial people we have ever met and got even us (La Familia) to participate in at least one activity every day.We have read reviews saying that people were unfriendly and that the housekeeping and service was poor, and we cannot disagree more. Tip your people. These people work long, long days with not much time off, and ANY gratuity is appreciated and you will be awarded gold status service. We tipped our waitress, and she would hold our 6 person table at the breakfast/dinner buffets by putting full cups on the table and she would remove them and wave us over when we arrived. We tipped our housekeeper and always came back to extra towels, towel designs and flowers/petals and an IMMACULATE room.Talk to the people who serve you and smile!! We never had a problem communicating with anyone.The food at the buffet was fantastic with many choices for both the picky eater and the more adventurous. We did not really care for the restaurant fare, so we stuck with the buffets for breakfast and dinner, and the beach snack bar for lunch. You will find the best french fries (rivaling the US) there, and my youngest fell in love with the fried fish. She didn't care WHAT kind of fish it was.For a day trip I cannot recommend the Tropical Storm highly enough. Carlos, the Captain, is engaging and entertaining, and his crew was a blast to party with. Sailing, singing, dancing, drinking, snorkeling, eating and sightseeing in the tropical sun; what more can you ask for......?Do not do the Glass Bottom Boat tour....enough said.Bottom line: we all had a great time and would go back in a minute.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shirleyrajala
<Content>Not perfect, good value This is a place for beach lovers. We were there from April 13 to 20. We chose it because they said there were casinos in Punta Cana, but the one at Carabela didn't open until 9 at night, a little too late for us senior citizens. We found another one down the street that opened at 5, so we could go and play and still be back in time for dinner.I read all the reviews for the Carabela Resort, and felt a little uneasy about going there. But the price was the big deciding factor, and it was worth what we paid for it. Sure, the pillows were a little lumpy, the mattresses a little hard, but our room was immaculate and the grounds were spectacular. Everything worked in the room but we saw a few little ants around the sink one day, which was taken care of right away.The 3 pools were all very good, the drinks plentiful and easy to get, and although the food wasn't the best, the buffet was extensive; you could always find something to enjoy, the breads were wonderful, a huge array of fruits, and great ice cream.Communicating with the staff was sometimes a challenge because we only speak English, but never a real problem. The entertainment was repetitive but sometimes very good. Watching the beach activities we had a lot of respect for the crew, they provided a good time for those who played.We took an excursion off the resort to Saona Island, a wonderful experience, although not part of the all-inclusive. Again, beach lovers, the place to go.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eric080
<Content>do not, repeat, do not got there!       Cereal with fly  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	-1	2	1	-1	

<Author>MochaToronto
<Content>Very disappointing, but not all was lost We stayed at this hotel from March 21 - 28, 2008 and let me tell you, I wouldn't recommend this property. It wasn't terrible, but its definately not a 4 star.We arrived around 10:30pm Friday night, only to discover all restaurants and snack bars were closed. We were starved as we left Toronto at 4:30pm. Front desk told us to try the casino across the street (which is affliated with the hotel), and they would have snacks. The only thing they had were ham and cheese sandwichs, which we had to ask the bartender for. It took 20 minutes for him to give my boyfriend and I one sandwich each. When we asked for another sandwich, he refused. Terrible service.Reception at the hotel did not give extra room keys for each person in the room unless asked. They wouldn't let us rent a safe that night. We had to come back the next day.Rooms: the rooms were okay, but the beds were hard, sheets were very thin. Our beds were made each day, but despite tipping practically everyday, we only got a towel design once. The shower did not have complete coverage (only a half shower door) so each day our bathroom floor was wet. We didn't get extra towels and the towels were poor quality - we had towel fuss on out bodies everyday.Service: I found the service generally poor. Servers rarely smiled or greeted you. Only if generous tips were offered did we see any change in service, but there should have been a general standard of service which we didn't see. However, there was one exception, we had great service from Miguel, Carlos and Capitan at front desk. Miguel was generous enough to go with us into town on his day off.A la carte restaurants: There were 3 restaurants, mexican, italian and french. We enjoyed the mexican restaurant, but the resort failed to set the proper mood for each restaurant. The back ground music was often Reggaeton or Bachata - conflicting with the theme of the restaurant. Most cake desserts were awful. I found ordering fruits with ice cream the safest route. The wine tasted like vinegar. Bars: There were a variety of bars, but the skills and knowledge of creating cocktails by the bartenders was poor. We stuck to rum  coke, everything else tasted horrible. They did not use real fruit juices in cocktails like Rum punch or Sex on the Beach, which left a powdery after taste in your mouth.Entertainment: nightly entertainment was entertaining. However, there was no live music entertainment on stage or in any restaurant. I've travelled to many resorts and found this strange. The disco had a good DJ. Overall, the resort grounds were beautiful, but I'd give it 3 stars not 4.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	4	

<Author>teddybear1
<Content>Ant heaven This is the first time that I ever had to write a bad review. My husband and I travel ever year to be exact 30 years and this is the very first time I had really bad things to say about a hotel that is rated at a 4star it should only be rated at a 2star.Rooms what can I say ants ants ants I would say if we had food or drinks in our room well we asked for it, but we had none just a bottle of water.Bathroom really needs to be updated the tub had rust stains in it tiles missing on the walls and floor, our hunting camp is cleaner than that. Spiders on the walls now this is suppose to be a 4star. We did tell the front desk and they sent someone to spray our room it stank for a few hours but two days later we had the same problem, every afternoon was another surprise with the water either we had water or not and if we did we had no hot water. Air conditioning well a fan would have probably worked better. Food well ever night was a surprise and not a good one for a whole week except when we ate else where the food was cold and you never knew what you were eating.Service as long as you tipped ever time you had good service now this is suppose to be an all inclusive.At this hotel there is 3 a la carte restaurants we tried one and that was enough my husband ordered fish and I had the chicken his fish wasn't cooked inside and my chicken well not even the steak knife they gave me could cut the meat the potatoes cold and hard.The only thing I have good to say is that the weather was great. I feel bad for anyone thinking that they are paying for a 4star hotel and getting something like this I just have to wonder how they get to be classified as a 4star.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>hollydostie666
<Content>Would Not go Back to this Resort I am 30 and my Husband is 54, this was our first time to the Dominican Republic, the Resort if you want to call it that, the people were not friendly while checking in or later. The room we had was an upgraded Ocean View room, let me tell you this was the most dirty room, not clean what so ever, the bathroom had scum in the tub, no drain stoppers, didnt look like they had washed the floor since it had been there, mirror dirty, toliet had crap all over it, dirty dirty dirty....When the maids came to clean, sometimes they would leave towels and bath mat, or not. If you tip well, you get towels everyday no problem. The buffet hall was mostely the same food day after day. The day trips offered we not worth the money you paid, The Beach area was dirty and not well taken care of.....not many activity's at ths resort. We will return to Puna Canta but will find a better Resort to stay at. Would never refer anybody back to this dumpy place.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kay74GeorgianBay
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       Beach, clear blue water  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADABBarrie
<Content>A detailed, real, description Here is a detailed description of what you get at the Carabella. I wouldnt go back myself but if you got a great price in the 600$ range than I wouldnt discourage you to go if yo are prepared for a 2-3 star not 4 star hotel.Lobbycomfortable with a bar in the lobby that is open in the evening. At least at this bar they give you a glass not a plastic cup for your drinksRoomsThe rooms are in need of renovations but were kept clean although you still might find a cockroach and bugs. We had to change rooms because the frist had a very large leak in the bathroom. We got a second room with just a small leak. The shower depening on the time of day and the room had very litlle hot water. The air conditioner worked well and was quiet in the second room. There is a mini fridge with a large bottle of water in it and it is replaced everyday. The sliding doors do not lock and the screen doors dont work. After taking to some guards they said the place is very safe. The safe cost 10$ per week. You have to ask for a remote control. There are two english chanels one movie channel.BreakfastAmericn type foods, eggs bread hams and cheese lots of fried meat, fruit smoothies and only 4 types of fruit. Coffee is terrible. If you want a decent tasting coffee get the double espresso in the vending machine.LunchThere are 10 hot dishes to choose from and usualy fried meat two types of pasta, make your own fajitas, rice and a traditional meat dish. There are two salad bars. The desserts were good usually 5 to choose from. At least 5 of the hot dishes were not edible.DinnerThe same as above, a fried meat of every type of animal inc. fish. I found half of the dishes unedible. There is a make your own pasta bar which was good. you choode the ingrediants you want and the sauce and the chef mixes and cooks it on front of you. A la carte resturantsThe grill/seafood resturant was very good everybody enjoyed there dinners thereThe mexican resturant was goos but spicy and upset out stomachs later.The Italian resturant had good pizzaThe beach bar has ice cream hamburgers hotdogs fried fish and french fries.DrinksA lot of cheap brands alcohol, the beer was good the mixed drinks were too sweet and they didnt use any fruit in any of the drinks. The pool bar was not manned, empty and not usedThe grounds and beachThe grounds were very pretty and kept clean. The beach was small, with nice sand and nice clear water. If you want to sun tan do not go to the beach there wre too many trees and most of the beach is shadded. Lot of charis no matter what time of day you goThe pools The pools were fine small but comfortable. Lots of chairs.The shows and BarWe didnt get to any of the shows as were were travelling with a 3 yr old and a 1 year old. But everyone one enjoyed the shows and the bar. The staffThey were frendly but almost none of them spoke English. When our room needed repair someone came within the hour, when we asked for another room they were helpful.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>Sarah53
<Content>Perfect Holiday!!!!       The buffet  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frederieke
<Content>quite pleasurable Having read the other reviews I wasn't expecting much from the food. And it was indeed not too good. Which is strange because the food was not cheap, it was just prepared strangely and usually too salty. However, I had great meals eating mostly fruit, which was fresh and abundant every day. There was fresh fruit juice of all kinds in the morning too. And friday's lobsternight was a nice surprise. There is a wide variety of food anyway, so you will not starve.I never tried any of the separate restaurants. I should have though, because they were a lot quiter. The buffet means that you enter in a room where about 150 people are eating and talking at the same time.Snacks were a disaster. I didn't like the soft-ice machine much either, it only had chocolate flavor and it tasted cheap. Same with drinks at the bars. The slush-machine distributed horribly acidy and sugary slush, but most people seemed to liked it. Most drinks are distributed in plastic cups, a big contribution to the local waste problem.The appartment was fine, big and with working airco. The television set was more of a problem but that didn't bother me. I had to change rooms once because I was at first located opposite a bar (La sirena) that had very loud music on all evening and night. Changing rooms was no problem. The room was kept clean very well. Sometimes it would have a bit of a sour or musty smell, but I couldn't determine if that was inside the room, or from outside. The beach was fine by me. It is true that there was a lot of shadow so you have to move your bed around. So if you are a large group it will be difficult to all catch the sun. There were enough beds on the beach. I didn't get hasseled by vendors, they are not allowed where the beds are. Beachtowels are provided by the hotel, but if you want to go to the beach after you've checked out, you will have to bring your own towel.I really disliked that when I walked around singly, I often got comments from the men working there. They would call me stuff like 'mi amor' or 'prinzessa'. I found it condescending. And what really annoyed me were the ridiculously short skirts of the girl-waiters at the buffet. When they bent over you could sometimes see their underwear. I found it degrading. Also, it made some of the older male tourist become too 'friendly' with the waitresses. I saw a waitress politely trying to ward off a too friendly hug from a senior tourist.I guess though that this kind of thing is connected with the country and the comparitive poverty of its people. But it is still very disagreeable to watch. Maybe you would have less of this in more expensive resorts.The resort was quite big and that was agreeable because you could have a walk around without running into people too much. Also there were parts of the beach that were relatively quite, no music from a bar or anything like that.I never cared for the animation so I don't know if it was good or bad. It did keep me awake untill eleven every night though.I never went to the pool because there were too many people there. Do not expect to find intelligent company here. But it is cheap and with the money you save you can get some delicious meals back home. The sun, the sea and the palmtrees are the same everywhere, so you might as wel go cheap and visit carabela beach resort.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	2	1	

<Author>hellybee
<Content>loved it 5 friends and i just came back from carabella and we were pretty scared to go after reading some of the reviews before we went.we had such a good time and the resort was very nice/the staff was great the beach was beautiful and the food was good for that country.they had lots of choices so if you didnt like local foods there was still lots to eat with the salad bars and some of the main dishes and a great variety of desserts.the drinks were not always consistent9made one way by one bar and another at the next bar.didn,t care for the some drinks.the biggest complaint we had was our room it was clean and spacious but this we coulnt figure out why but there was a big frosted window in the bathroom wall into the livingroom that when you are taking a shower everyone in the room can see you clearly we had to take showers in shifts.we talked to other people there and not everyone had rooms like that so when you book you might want to ask not to have one of these rooms.if not for the bathroom in our room i would give this resort a thumbs up cause we had a blast.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjkfuninsun
<Content>you get what you pay for Airport was short drive to Hotel, which was nice. Initial room we were given had a palm tree blocking our view of the pool, so we asked to change so we could see our kids (10  13) swimming. They were most accomodating for 2 families switching rooms to the other wing of our building. Both rooms were great. They were in the newer area, building #8. Water pressure was good, A/C was fine. Pools were clean and warm. Beach is absolutely beautiful but has way too many trees for our liking. There is only shade on the beach area from about 2 pm on. Snorkeling is not the greatest. Resort is laid out nicely. Lots of things for the adults and kids to do. Food was pretty good, always found something to eat. The head cook didn't seem to like his job too much. A la catre's were dreadful, other than the Gourmet. Went on the 'Animal Adventure' half day trip. Would recommend this. The resort was well maintained. For what we paid ($497.00 + tax) it was well worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>M0oSe
<Content>Keep your expectaions low.       The view from our room  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lavitaa
<Content>Jr suit beautiful and romantic booked again for Dec/07 We are 40 something and had a wonderful time, great beaches, friendly staff a fun hotel.Go with the right mind and you will have a wonderful time. We are going back in 3 months. It is well worth the upgrade to the jr. beach suites very romantic with big bathroom and built for two whirlpool coroner tubs and the Jr.'s are in a n kid free zone and right on the beach. Love it!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MaineiacWestParis
<Content>Carabela Beach Resort  My husband, son (13) and I just returned from a week at the Dominican Republic where we stayed at the Carabela Beach Resort  Casino. We had a wonderful week and really enjoyed our stay. I would recommend this place to anyone, especially to families.We found the resort itself to be extremely clean, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was excellent at the buffet and we also enjoyed the individual resort restaurants on various eveings (Italian, Mexican and Gourmet). At the buffet you can make your own fajitas or have a chef make you a personalized omelet. There is an abundance of fruit and juices and unknown meats are marked by a picture of the animal on the platter (i.e. turkey, beef, rabbit, etc.) While this is self-serve, wait staff are there to remove your plates (keep your fork for second helpings or dessert) or bring you a drink. We really appreciated the buffet-style meals where you can eat as much as you like or just sit and sip a drink.Since there were three of us, the two queen beds (which were actually US double beds) were a bit cramped and we only had two energy saving bulbs in the two room lamps making the room quite dark. This was a frustration to me as I had brought books to read, but could only read on the deck, the beach or poolside during the day. (Tough life!) Other than that, our room was attractive, clean, and there was ample storage between the bureau and the large closet that housed a safe. ($10 for the week was worth it for peace of mind.) We often enjoyed the outside deck on our second floor room, and the television offered three channels in English for the one or two rainy afternoons or late evenings that we were lazing in the room. The cleaning staff was reliable. When they came late and it wasn't convenient for them to clean, we were left towels or extra toilet paper and a promise to be there earlier the next day. Face cloths are not provided, as I read on a previous post, so we took our own. If you have a portable drying rack, it might come in handy. We dried our bathing suits on the deck railing.The beach was wonderful! Yes, there are many trees that offer shade, but the swimming area has a smooth, sandy bottom and you can move your own chair anywhere to catch light or shade. For beach activities, we not only enjoyed the swimming, but took a snorkeling tour ($25 each for two hours) and our son went parasailing ($49 for the time of his life!) My husband had a long half-hour massage for $25.We also took a family safari trip which educated us about life as a Dominican and the production of coffee, chocolate and tobacco. My husband and son took a 4-wheeling tour of the places that the safari visited. Both excursions culminated in a swim at a beautiful beach where you can boogey-board.In the evening there is the opportunity to gamble at the casino and see a live musical show. We did both and watched at the casino as a friend won $300! While we were not so fortunate, we broke even and had an enjoyable evening, which culminated with the show.I had one slightly unnerving experience. The first time we went to our room with our luggage, my husband was putting the key into the doornob and the porter delivering our luggage just pushed the door open (as if helping us). Later, after we'd been to the beach and then to the pool nearest our room, I returned to the room and our key wouldn't work! I spoke to a nearby worker who took me to the room below ours which was where the key I had actually fit. We pushed open the door and I assured him it was not our room. First of all our things were not there, then the curtains were completely different and they were closed while we had left ours open; and someone else's sandals were just inside the door! I only speak a little Portuguese and he only spoke Spanish, of course, so between my Portuguese and English I was adamant that it was not our room, that ours was the one above and all of our things were there. (I had completely unpacked before we ventured to the beach.) He wanted to me to go into the darkened strange room with someone else's belongings and call the lobby. I told him that I would return with my husband, he handed me the key and we parted ways.The lobby said it was a mistake and gave us our true room key. Then I wondered about our door being pushed open by our porter in the first place, not to mention the fact that I had a copy of the key to the room below us. The next day I asked for a copy of our room key. I had to wait for a few minutes, but eventually got it. I wish to tell this story as a precaution. Despite how friendly the staff is, go with your instincts. On the plane trip home a woman told of a similar experience with discovering that their room key wouldn't fit and they arrived back at their place for the first time after midnight!We never had another issue and my husband thought I was too paranoid about this one. It all worked out and we really enjoyed our week at the Carabela Beach Resort.Oh yes! I think using a credit or debit card is wise. Or at least don't be so quick to spend your dollars, but go to an ATM and be educated about the exchange rate. I just looked at my on-line bank records. People were paying $8 in cash for a slice of pizza at the airport just yesterday. I used my debit card and it was $4.50. Also, when I used the Internet at the hotel, I paid 150 pesos, about $4 and when our son paid cash, he paid $6!Hope this review helps people to have fun while also being smart!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>loveTtravel
<Content>will be back to Punta Cana, but will not go back to this resort. My husband, and I just got back from Carabela resort yesterday 4/6/07. We went with our girls ages 8 and 10. We love going to the Caribbean, have been going every year for 15 years, and we are not picky people. I will start with the check in and go through our whole experience.Front Desk: not very friendly and speak very little English.Rooms: we were in the 5100 building, on the second floor. We had a beautiful ocean view. The rooms are very plain, there was 2 full sized beds, very uncomfortable beds, lumpy old pillows that smelled moldy. A 19 inch TV, with one or two English channels, the rest Spanish, French and German. Balcony door and screen very hard to open and close, kept getting stuck, the screen door had many ripped areas, but they changed it 24 hours after we called them. No iron or board, or coffe maker in room. there is a safe, for $10 per wk, I highly recommend you get it, a gold ring was taken from my make up bag (I forgot to put it in the safe). The bath room tub was old and chipped in many places, No wash cloth provided, so take your own. The rooms were cleaned every day and they did a good job, but did not speak English at all. Food: was just O.K. Left over lunch was usually recycled at dinner. for example steamed vegetables from lunch would become breaded deep fried vegetables, grilled lamb would be lamb stew at night, etc. The coffee is dispensed from machines, which mixed coffee flavored liquid with hot milk (No fresh brewed coffee). No coffee served at lunch. The reservation only restaurants were usually fully booked by 9 AM. You had to get there at 7 AM to get a reservation. Their food was not any better than the Buffet. We got sick after eating at the Italian restaurant. Pools: they have 3 pools, Not too clean, and if you don't get there early in AM, you'll have a hard time finding a pool chair. They give you one card per person at check in for beach towels, which you pick up at the beach. If you loose a towel or the card, you are charged for the towel. The towels are well guarded by the Towel Nazi, and you are only allowed one clean towel per day. Bars/drinks: Not good at all. Mixed drinks all tasted the same. The bartenders were nice, but don't speak English.Beach: The only wonderful part of this hotel was the beach. Beautiful white sand and lovely water. Plenty of beach chairs available.Check out: No problem with check out. went smoothly. I hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>DanDon85
<Content>Foreign Intruders! My best friend and I decided to take our first vacation without our parents. We chose to go to the dominican republic and stay at this resort. I was only 20 and she was 22. Filled with excitement we arrived at the resort and checked it ... A thrid floor room on the corner of the building with a balcony and a gorgeous view. Our first night there at about 3am we heard pounding on our door but we didn't have a peep hole to look out of to see who it was. We hadn't met any new friends yet, so we didn't answer the door. Shortly after that we heard noises coming from our balcony. Us being half asleep we didn't pay much attention to it. We assumed it was a bird or a peacock that we had seen many of on the resort. We then heard our LOCKED sliding door pop open and the curtian swoosh around. Another traveler staying at the resort who was highly intoxicated ran into our room and started yelling. Neither of us knew what to do. He left our room seconds after and I then called the security. NONE of which spoke a word of english. The security we saw standing on the beach w/ machine guns straped around their shoulders apparently didn't see this man climb up 3 balconies and finagle his way into our room. The security could not understand what we were saying..at 3am they called the owner of the resort to come immediately because my friend and I were hysterically crying and didn't know what to do. He arrived and was very nice to us. Demanded that a security guard stand on our balcony, at our front door, and down below by the pool where the man began climbing until the morning when he could change our location on the resort. I wanted to take the next flight home to Boston, but we decided to change our room to a different building. As the owner was showing us various rooms, we saw the man who came in our room. They questioned him and he admitted to doing it. Him and his 4 friends were kicked off the resort and banned from coming back. It re-assured me a little bit but for the rest of my vacation I was paranoid. Not a way to spend relaxing time. Security there apparently does not do their job. The put up a good scare with their guns hanging from their shoulders but don't act upon people climbing up balconies. The resort was beautiful and the entertainment was great, but I wont go back to the Dominican Republic again... My dad said it wasn't a good idea, maybe next time I should actually listen - God only knows what could have happend to us! I thank my lucky stars =)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Majestic_4u
<Content>Won't Be Going There Again I am by no means a 5 star traveller so this review is going to sound like I am hoity toity but thats not the case at all.We have been to the Dominican 3 times and have not encountered a hotel like this. Most of our trips have been very last minute so we are usually in a 3 maybe 3.5 star so we felt very fortunate to be going to whats rated a 4 star hotel.Well if this hotel is a 4 star then the 3 stars that we previously stayed at must have been a 6 star.First impression was the rude front desk staff. They spoke not a word of English so was very difficult to try and explain that we requested our 3 rooms on the same floor. After trying to communicate this we ended up on different floors and Thank God we were on the main because the elevators don't work and I requested a building with an elevator due to having very bad knees.Our rooms were very average and there were no matteress pads on the beds. Just a very thin sheet over the matteress which was really gross. Our tv was a very old 12 inch where the room next to us had a big 27 inch. Not that we are there to watch tv but I like to put my camera in the jacks to review the pictures that were taken. The washroom had ants on the counter and no matter how hard you tried to kill them there were always more.We tipped our maid with gifts and dollars and they took them without a problem but nothing was done in the room that would show apperication,the basic clean up and she was out of there. I had seen her in the hall way as she cleaned the room across the hall and I tried to explain that I wanted a clean glass she spoke no english either, So when I finally got through to her what I wanted she went to the room she was cleaning and took a glass off the dresser went to the washroom and rinsed it then brought it out to her cart and dried it with a dirty towel then handed it to me. Talk about grossed out.The food in the buffet was always pretty much the same not alot of variety. They would change it daily but then make supper with what was left over from lunch. 5 out of the 6 of us got ill and that sure put a damper on the trip.The beach itself well thats another story. It was very shaded with natural palm trees which were nice if you were there for shade.TO get sun you had to go to the lower part of the beach that was not very wide you you ended up getting wet cause the waves usually made it to the top of the lower beach. For the shaded area of the beach there were tree needles from a certain tree that was there and it had little pine cone things that were very sharp they were everywhere which made walking the shaded areas hard on the feet if you were barefoot. Also the smokers of the resort thought they had their own personal ashtray cause the beach was littered in butts. Nasty... Really Nasty,I spoke to our rep about upgrading to another hotel which was a total waste of time. He looked at me like I had 3 heads and asked why I would want to leave. I gave him all the reasons and he said there was nothing he could do. That every hotel was booked solid. I didn;t believe him and I questioned him on it and he got quite snotty with me. As it turned out we ended up staying at the hotel, He said it was a 4 star but we just happened not to pay the preimum price, and had we then we would be in a much nicer room. Well its funny that the hotel is a 4 star shouldn't it be a 4 star all the way through??.The language barrier was the hardest to deal with the hotel really catered to the Europeans and left the English people to fend for themselves.So thats my take on the hotel if you have any questions please feel free to email me and I will be more then happy to give you an honest opinion.Thanks Linda majestic_4u@yahoo.com  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>woodski
<Content>Enjoyed It visited the carabela bavaro beach resort in punta cana for 10 days in late april to early may. what a great experience. room was clean, had a great 2nd story view of the beach and ocean. food was wonderful , except for the beach snack bar, which only served pizza and goat burgers. maybe hot dogs. specialty restaurants were wonderful. never had a problem getting a reservation. had problems with the air conditioner, but someone always came promptly to fix it. come to find out, it wasn't broken at all. every time we opened the sliding doors, the unit would shut down. air only runs when door is shut. boy did we feel stupid. loved the beach and the ability to always get chairs, towels or an umbrella. played all the games on the beach, danced and won 5 bottles of rum. the theater was very good, with a lot of audience participation. gym didn't have a tread mill. but we walked the extensive grounds, along with the peacocks. met wonderful people. a couple from new hampshire are meeting us this april in the mayan riviara, for 10 days. we would definitely go back to this resort, but for now want to visit different places. drinks too strong, so may want to ask them to let up on the liquor. great clean pools. only one thing we did't like. many of us got bug bites (i didn't) on our legs. don't know what it was maybe mosquitos or sand fleas? when you do go, enjoy and take advantage of all the resort has to offer. connie and dick from vermont  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>angeljill7
<Content>A very nice getaway DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO ALL THE BAD REVIEWS FOR THIS HOTEL! My boyfriend and I (age 24  23) just got home from the Carabela Beach Resort  Casino and had an amazing time. We were a little nervous going down because of the reviews we had read, but when we got there we loved it! People complain about the food but you have to realize, you are in a developing country, not the Ritz Carlton. You obviously don't eat all the different meats they serve at meals unless you would like to get sick. The buffet had plenty of options so if the dinner they were serving wasn't the best, you could always go to the pasta bar, the salad bar, etc.. We thought the facilities were evry nice. Everything was very clean. Some of the reveiews we read said the bathrooms weren't clean, but they were completly wrong. the only problem I saw is some of the stalls were out of toilet paper, but that happens. We stayed in the most centrally located building, rm 2210. From our balacony we had a nice view of vegetation and the main pool  pool bar. From our room would could just go downstairs and be right at the buffet, lobby  main pool. It was about a football field walk to the beach, if that. The beach had plenty of natural shade because of beautiful palm trees. There was a storm one night off shore so the water was a little rough the next day, but besides that the weather was perfect.The other great feature of this place was everywhere you turned, you could find a bar easily. The local rum is very good and there is a blender at every bar. Also conveniently located at these bars was self serve spring water, soda and juice. When you are at the beach there are is one hut with self serve beer, juice, smoothies, soda  water, a regular bar with a bartender and the snack bar. The snack bar doesn't have tons of options, but it gets the job done. In there you can get self serve beer, juice, soda water, hamburger, htodogs, french fries, pizza and soft serve ice cream. We didn't try the hamburgers or hotdogs, but the french fries, pizza and ice cream was great when you needed a little snack in between meals.We went out on the snorkeling excursion from the hotel for only $29 and they took us to a beautiful coral reef. It was definitly worth the money.A couple nights we went to the casino, which is technically across the street, les than a 1 minute walk form the main lobby, but the whole area is lit. The fornt of the casino has fancy lights and water. The casino was a little small, but fun. We got there right when it opened at 9 and hit the roulet tabel. There were a bunch fo different tables as well as slot machines and a bar.The websites says everyone speak English, which is pretty much true when it comes to the hotel staff, btu a majority of the guests are European. Most can speak English, some chose not to. I think we may have been the only American couple there at the time. We did find some Canadians, who we befriended, buit besides that, don't expect everyone to be speaking English.All in all, we had a great time. Participate in activities on the beach and the show at night because if you win something, they love to give away bottles of rum! I would definitly recommend this place. I feel as if the price we paid for this vacation ($699/person all-inclusive) was a very very good deal for what we got. The onyl thing I would say to travelers going is don't expect to be at a 5 star American hotel, because there is a difference. But if I could go abck there right now, I would in a second.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chevellegirl
<Content>All good except the coffee We stayed at the resort in March 2006. There were only a few english speaking people there. We are from Canada. I was appaled that others from other countries did not even try to communicate with us. The only bad thing was the coffee. Please don't call that machine that turns out some kind of hot water with coffee flavour, coffee. I know that coffee beans are grown here and a great cup of coffee could be made if they would take the time to brew it. We stayed in block 10 and had a great time. We went on 3 tours and recommend them to every one. I think that it needs to be brought to the hotel management that they need a grill to make the hotdogs and hamburgers so some of them have flavour. All in All this is a nice resort, older but has charm and very central. Enjoy  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ctlin
<Content>Great for first time I decided now to write this review because I really saw how helpfull they are...We've been to Carabela from 11/06/2004- 11/14/2004 on an all inclusive plan. The resort was rated 4.5 starz and I think it almost deserve that. They were extending their construction(probably they are done by now). We found a lot of helpfull tips on [----]You have to tip the guy at the front office(reception)-$10 to give you the 'best room ocean view' - we did and we were happy with the roomThe food is ok, you should go to the a la carte restaurants-0 especially El Almirante -very good food and serviceBring a lot of $1 bills - for cleaning lady, for the bar (always tip the same guy - I use to give $1 when I arrived and $1 when I left-usually with something to go...)It's a very nice and quiet place, good for fammilies- they don't have a kids club-just a playground- but sometimes we would let our kids there with one of the security guys- there is a lot of them - that's why the beach is ok, nobody from outside can come on resort grounds--that was the bestWe went shopping around for souvenirs- you have to bargain a lot. We bought a big caracol (the big shell) and some paintings and statues(small) for less than 1/4 of what they asked. Don't show them big bills- go shopping with $1 and $5 billslearn some spanish- they are friendly when you talk to them --almost nobody understands englishHave fun nomater what!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Beverley
<Content>Always enjoy Punta Cana We recently spent 1 week at the Carabela Bavaro Beach resort at Punta Cana. October 21st ?28th.My husband and I decided to opt for the most reasonable hotel on offer, through the Spanish Company, Pullmantur. Our past 3 visits had been with the tour operator, Travelplan. (1st visit Bavaro Princess, 2nd visit Sunscape Punta Cana Grand and 3rd visit Punta Cana Princess All Suites). Our 4 hour check-in at Madrid airport was a bit of a pain, but as we had to fly in from Mlaga, we were happy to check in the luggage as soon as possible.We travelled on a Boeing 747, and the travel time was 8 hours.We felt very smug at Punta Cana airport, with our zip-off trousers ?we would recommend these to everyone who is travelling from cooler climes. They seem to have improved the passport control here, they now just need to get the ladies in their fancy outfits to move people along a little quicker from their photo opportunity as this meant there was quite a queue just to get into the airport arrivals building.We were directed to our bus over on the other side of the car park, waited about half an hour for the stragglers to arrive, then we were off. The whole coach was going to our hotel, so there were no stops at various hotels to do numerous drop-offs, which was a blessing.Check in at the hotel was no probem, and there was a note on their form that we had requested a top-storey, sea-facing room, as I had heard nothing from my emails I actually called, so I would recommending doing both, just to be on the safe-side. We did not wait for a porter as there were bags appearing from every which way, so we just saw ourselves to our room, which was in block 5, 4th floor (with lift), no. 9.The air-con was thankfully running, with an additional room key when we arrived. It looked clean, if a little basic. There was loud meringue music playing from a bar in El Cortecito, which is directly next door. Saying that the music never bothered us, it just reminded us where we were, which is a country we adore. The view from our room was straight out to sea, but, and this will sound silly, we had most of the view obscured, because of all the coconut trees?tops being right on the same level as we were, so it might be better to ask for a 3rd floor room. Also I agree with other reviews that Block 6 would be the ideal Block to stay in. The bathroom was very basic, and we were missing plugs both in the bath tub and the sink. The other complaint we had were the pillows, which looked quite old and dirty. The new pillows arrived straight away via housekeeping (although they were still of the lumpy variety) and the plugs arrived the next day. We dashed down to the beach to have a swim on the day of our arrival and the sea was as beautiful as ever, warm and blue, so we were quite happy with our choice.Restaurants:Buffet: Open-air. Good at breakfast, lunch and dinner - always had plenty of choice, self-service drinks, couple of theme nights (eg. Spanish  Dominican while we were there) ?one night they even had a sushi chef. Beware the unlevel floor surface, I nearly fell several times. Restaurant bookings are made at breakfast time near the main entrance of the buffet. Never a problem getting a booking and there is no limit on bookings, although you are restricted to only booking one day at a time.Gourmet: Next to the buffet restaurant. Air-conditioned, which was welcome. Very nice menu ?shame you cannot order cocktails as a drink in the a la carte options.Mexican: Lovely on the beachItalian: Very nice ?had one of our nicest meals hereCreperie: In the Italian ?avoid this ?as only had savoury crepes on the menu, nothing else. So we ended up having the buffet after on the night we ate there.Day-time snack bar on the beach ?RUBBISH - ok for self service drinks, but the burgers were hideous, more like corned beef, without the beef. 4 things on the menu (even with a photo of each item, looking really sad)?1.chips / 2. Burger /3. Hot Dog / 4. Pizza ?One day we did have a hot dog roll with some chips on and it was actually delicious. This was one of the things we put in the suggestion box at the hotel. Even a selection of fruit would have been great.Our day was basically, breakfast, back to room to brush teeth, down to beach to set up camp for the day, scuba diving every other day, quiet pool near block 6 for sundowners (coffee in our case, as we are not big drinkers, the bar was not open here, but we would get drinks from the close-by block 10 bar) and swim in Block 6 pool as it was so peaceful and the water was far warmer than any of the other pools. Back to room for rest then bath prior to evening. Remember your bug spray!!! Restaurant then show. The disco looked OK, and we were surprised that they had water free for all, as were under the impression it was pay-pay all the way in there.Other points we were both aware of:Good: Excellent mini-golf round by the gym next to the kids club ?clubs and balls from inside the gym, or sometimes the kids club.Nice Self-serve coffee, soda, juice and pina colada  coco loco at most of the barsLaid-back atmosphere They supplied a 1 gallon bottle of water for your room fridge, although we are used to having soft drinks supplied in the mini fridge.Poor:Shows were worse than most we had seenIf you got peckish for food, there was nothing around the opening hours of the restaurants.If you were a night bird, finishing at 12 clock would not be ideal.No bottled water, only horrible water fountains all over the resort, which reminded me of work!Beach was not set out at all and you were left to drag your beds off a pile in the morning. As we walked along and passed the Palladium next door the layout on the beach was much better. Swim up bar was only operating on the reverse side, so you had to get a drink and drop into the pool with it. We did not spend any time at this bar.To sum up, we really could not complain for the price we paid, and found everyone very pleasant around the resort. We will definitely be returning to Punta Cana and to be honest if we found a deal like this again, we would probably opt for this resort again, as prefer to spend the difference on diving.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>chickster
<Content>Club Carabela - 3rd time not a charm       beach massage too cool  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pingpongaddict
<Content>Got food poisoning here We spent 5 days of our week sick with SEVERE cramping, fever, and violent diaheria. The water is supposed to be bottled water but it sure doesn't seem to matter here. The people at the front desk are rude and lazy and nobody speaks English like it says they do in TNTvacations brochure. Shame on you TNT vacations. We won't use TNT anymore and won't go to Carabela or Dominican anymore. Dirty and not safe. Crazy drivers. No clocks, beds hard, pillows are like rolled up rags, no spare blankets, and I just read some of the other bad adds here about the Carabella and we totally agree. Go some where else. Please save yourself from a lousy vacation by going here. Management useless and won't even help you out with problems. They are more concerned with keeping you off the grass. Peacocks and cats all over the place, including the buffet restaurant. They are probably going to the bathroom on the food. Maybe we got the bird flu from them. You constantly have to chase them away from your table. Disgusting!! Bartenders hang over the side flirting with girls and don't do their job. Waited 15 minutes to get a drink once and I was the only one there. Never again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>LastMinuteGirl
<Content>A Good Deal for the Money I enjoyed a one week holiday at Carabela last December with my family who gathered at the resort for a reunion, and this was my 5th trip to the DR, (I have also been to Jamaica, Cuba, Mexico and the Cayman Islands). Although there were only 8 of us, the hotel accommodated us in the same building and arranged for my parents to be on the ground floor due to medical/health reasons. The staff was very pleasant and we found the food to be just fine at the buffet and quite decent at the a la carte restaurants. The rooms were always clean and everything seemed to work well (light/water etc.), just don't bring food to the room as you may encouter a trail of ants. The beach was great as we could choose between the shady areas or full sun area and the water was beautiful. It has a quaint little town adjacent if one likes to shop for souveniers, get snacks at the local grocery store, or even get a hair cut at the local barber as my boyfriend did for very little cost (they did a good job too). It is a fairly low key resort, great for relaxing, (I didn't check out the nightly entertainment), so if you're looking for lots of action, keep looking. I would go back to Carabela again since it's not overly expensive as it usually rates as a 3 star.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>islandtraveler2006
<Content>Don't go here The room was very basic. Beds hard, no clock, TV hard to find an english station. Wall in bldg. 10 to bathroom had a large smoked glass piece in it for viewing others in tub whether you wanted to or not. it also woke everyoine up at night from light shining through if someone went in there. it became a nuisance. not sure if these are in other bldgs. or not. Very disappointed as Travel brochure said English spoken widely on resorts. That was not the case. Mostly Europeans there and not friendly. Food was good, gourmet restaurant was terrific, better be in buffet early in morning to get a reservation for that night in ala carte though. even if half the tables are empty, they won't let you in. pretty sad. maybe they need to remember who is paying the tab!!! But we all got sick for a week in spite of the good tasting food and staying away from the water. Keep the pepto bismal flowing. Store on site was extremely expensive. nothing to do offsite as a few stores near there but run down, 3rd world shopping. They have armed guards at night on the resort. what does that tell you? 2 Clerks at check-in and check-out were very rude. They even made us check out 2 hours early as our van was there to take us back to airport. It was the wrong van and they would not let us back in room to shower or call our travel representative. Bartender at swimup bar looked at us a few times for 10 minutes before asking us what we wanted. He was not busy at all. Beach bar had bad tasting reheated french fries. Beach was nice, but sand full of pineneedles and pinecones that hurt feet. Water had some big waves and undertow, but very warm. Nightly entertainment was basic at least and mostly included making guests get up and get involved. became boring after a while. The disco there was a fabulous DUD!!!! After 2 days, people didn't even go in anymore, including us. Hope you like techno!! the van to airport was not safe and had a cracked windshield and we had a blow out on way to airport. tires were all bald. our travel vendor seemed to care less about putting us on an unsafe vehicle. you might want to find your own taxi to and from airport. quickly check the vehicle out first. The casino opens at 9 PM. It is across the street as are the need repair tennis courts. Be VERY careful crossing street. mini-golf was fun but very basic equipment compared to the dazzing mini golf places here at home. All of us felt very uncomfortable there. After only 2 days, we were ready to leave. stuck out the other 5. 1st trip to an island we didn't like and we have been to many others. We won't be going back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	1	2	1	

<Author>Bostonman41
<Content>Sick all week, and management in deniel Some details below, I did contact travel agent, and the hotel chain, but was greeted with a failure to accept responsibility.(i deleted some for sake of the reader)6. Cleanliness of public bathrooms was very poor. Most days I had to go up to my room to use the toilet..8. I came down with a stomach sickness on the afternoon of day 2, Monday, and was sick straight through till the last day. Many, Many other people also complained of this and they were from all over the world. It was not the water because I did not drink and of it, and I was told Monday morning in the travel briefing that the water was safe for everything, but it was not recommended that we drink it, and to drink bottled water. 9. No bottled water available on Monday or Tuesday, luckily I had one empty available in the room and refilled it from the larger bottle supplies at the beverage counters. 10. The Buffet Food. This is what I believe got me sick. I have over 20 years experience in food service/restaurants and the food is not kept at an acceptable temperature range for safe consumption. Examples of this are items left out on the buffet line that are not kept iced, or on a hot enough warmer to have the food held outside of the danger zone which is 40-140 degrees F. With the outside room temperature around 80, this would mean potential food born illness in 2 hours of an item being left out, and the buffet served all meals for a 4 hour period.11. The food selections in general, not to my liking. That may be arrogant on my part I am sorry, but I feel a resort should cater to ALL of it's clients. 12. Getting to eat at one of the restaurants. You had to make a reservation in the morning to go to a restaurant other than the buffet. I was not informed of this, and learned it on day 2, but was too late to make a reservation. On day 3 I got to the reservation location at 8:30, and was told all were full except for one place. 14. Very few of the staff spoke English, that's OK in itself, but I would rather see at least one staff member in each location that can handle the job. Just one for those occasions when you want to ask what something is before you go and order it. 19. The water pressure in the shower forgot to show up for work.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>weepod
<Content>we got out in time! On our 2nd trip to Punta Cana we were extremely deceived with Club Carabella. So little people were headed there that our organised transport was a taxi. The lobby was tiny, the room had a leaking ceiling, the pools were tiny, the bars half open and the drinks disgusting. The buffet was ok but it was so small that being vegetarian we thought we would have to eat rice and potatoes all week. To top it, when we got to the beach in the morning there were as much cigarette butts than sand and there were CONDOMS ON BEACH CHAIRS WHICH WERE STILL THERE IN THE AFTERNOON. We called our sales rep and asked for a hotel transfert thank goodness for small favors! We went to the Tropical Princess which was just great and ended up having a great vacation after all! Another family joined us in our escape. To sum it all, the hotel is a rip off, I should be rated 2 stars and the price is the same as wonderful 4star resorts in the area.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yetsenia777
<Content>Loved it and can't wait to go back! My boyfriend and I went to the Carabela Resort and it was quite the experience! My boyfriend is white and am puerto-rican and he was very nervous and it worked out perfectly. There are people down there that are very fleunt in several languages; spanish of course, english, french, and german. When you arrive you have to get everything checked like any airport and pay $10.00 each in US dollars for your tourist fee, don't put it away they are going to ask for it before you leave the airport.(They actually ask for it and shred it)Why? Who knows? Then after that you are about to leave and all you see is a swarm of people trying to get you to go with them. Please make sure you hold on to your bags and if you are going to let someone help you do not lose sight of it. After that its the craziest ride of your life! I don't know what the speed limit is but they drive fast and crazy. When we go to the Resort they where very fast and efficient and we had a great room! Buiding 10 a new building and it was great! The balcony view was perfect. They have a buffet which was great different varieties which I loved! Now these are the times for the buffet breakfast 7am-10am, lunch 12pm-3pm, dinner 7pm-10pm. There is also a snack bar we never went but i didn' t hear any complaints. They also have three restuarants that you do have to make reservations for call a day in advance they fill up quick. Now quick basic things that you might want to know; get a safe its definitely worth it, calls are pricey $1.00 connect fee, t.v. does have basic channels so you won't feel to distant from home. One quick thing this resort has a beautiful beach and a great view and atmospere. Before I forget theres Atms there but they give you pesos only so don't even use it. Theres a bank at the front desk they can change money for you. One US dollar is (37.60) in pesos. Doesn't do much trust me. You can also buy souvenirs at the resort not to much of a price difference from buying outside. The weather is very humid very hot. There are the occasional thunderstorms that last about 10 mins. max. The pools are great and clean and let me not forget very warm. We had a great tourist representive if you wanna do any outside activities you should always go through them. They are alot safer. We would definitely recommend an excursion we went to Soana Island that was amazing and affordable. Water is clear and sand is white. My overall experience for both of us was amazing I would reccomend this resort anytime to any one. So I hope you like it and travel safe always. Adios!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>NS_Highlander
<Content>The food made us sick The only thing that would ever stop me from going back to the resort is the food borne illness that permeates this resort and the whole country. I had no problem with the variety or the taste or presentation of the food, but if I am getting sick than we have a very big problem.   First of all for any Nay Sayers, it was NOT the alcohol. I did not drink much of it as I was doing all I could do to stay hydrated to counter the effects of illness.  This was not a stomach bug or virus and neither am I prone to this sort of thing as I ate Cafeteria food for 4 years in university and have lived on military food for months at a time. I never got these types of problems when others did. I have traveled for weeks at a time in the British Isles drinking my face off every night and have never had anything that even resembles this.  I am also not the only one. My wife was affected, as well as everyone at the resort who came over on the same plane. One such individual has very extensive experience in the food service industry. I really hope he will post a review as he noticed many problems with how food is handled.  I met a German guy who stayed in his room for 4 days after he got sick. My wife saw a little down syndrome girl vomiting at the pool. When at the variety show I looked around to see 90% of people drinking water, and not alcohol. Could this be a sign of food borne illness induced dehydration? I wonder what the problem is. Is that the food they buy is bad? Do they not cook it enough? Do they cross contaminate? Is there inadequate refrigeration? Is it poor hygiene and hand washing? Are they cooking with infected tap water? Are they reusing food from a previous meal? Does the hot stay hot and the cold stay cold? Is it all of them at the same time? I realize this is a budget resort. The food isn the best quality in the world and the liquor is of the worst quality and full of sugar. However, this comes with the territory of booking a 3 star resort. However, food poisoning is not something that any person should have to endure. Most of the problems seem to be related to meat. I would not feed a pet dog much of what is being served at that resort. Who wants to go to a resort and just eat rice and bread? Every time that you sink your fork into the food there, it feels like your stomach is playing Russian roulette. I would like the Carabela resort to post a rebuttal and explain what they are going to do to alleviate this problem.  Other than the food, I was happy with the resort in general. My only other complaint was that some of the public bathrooms at the resort were always filthy and should be better maintained. The bed was hard, but supportive. The beach was fine. The staff was great, and the smaller sized resort had an intimate feel. There was enough to do that we were seldom bored. I would this a good resort for young people and families. If I were retirement age I probably would not want to stay here. At the end of the day, if you like paying for alcohol you are too sick to drink and relish going to the bathroom a dozen times a day (with toilet paper reminiscent of 300 grit sandpaper) or eating Imodium AD and having pains in your stomach because your body is now being forced to harbor this toxic food, than the Dominican Republic and this resort is for you!  I am passing on this complaint to the Dominican department of tourism and if anyone feels that food borne illness is something that is going to prevent you from coming to the Dominican Republic, in all fairness you should let them know so they can do something about it. The country has special tourist police, but apparently not special tourist health inspectors. In the age of Mad Cow and Avian flu, food borne health issues are a much bigger threat to tourists than street crime. Write the tourist board at this address. http://www.dominicanrepublic.com/Tourism/english/contact_us.kp.html  FOODBORNE ILLNESS IS UNACCEPTABLE IN ANY COUNTRY, AT ANY RESORT. UNLESS PEOPLE FIGHT BACK, RESORTS WILL NEVER CHANGE AND CONTINUE TO COMMIT THE SAME PRACTICES THEY HAVE DONE FOR YEARS. IT IS TIME TO HIT THEM WHERE IT HURTS?THE POCKET BOOKsbohandley@yahoo.ca  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Wrunkles
<Content>Great Visit, Very Nice Resort       Beach  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a "budget" place for sure Facts about my room (#1101):- There was a leak from the ceiling (AC) when it was turned off.- The shower did not drain at all. It took 2 calls to room service before it was repaired only to see the problem return in a few minutes. - There is no alarm clock (I believe this is true of all the rooms, the casino, the restaurants, and the airport -- i guess a plus depending on your attitude).- There was a huge gaping whole underneath the closet (no idea what this was).- I saw insects (various kinds) on more than one occassion.Other than that, a decent resort, with decent/friendly staff -- don't expect anyone to speak english though :) The beach is the same at all of the resorts and this one's probably the cheapest you can find so I'm not really coomplaining. Good internet access, although they charge you $10 US/hour as opposed to $5 US/hour on the beach. Have fun.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PuntaCana5525
<Content>Resort Was GREAT!!! We had a WONDERFUL time. The resort was fine. Yes one of the smaller ones, but we did visit some of the bigger resorts and you need a bus to go from one end to the other they are so big. We enjoyed the cozy intimate feel. We did not spend a lot of time at our hotel room or the resort so the little nit picky items mention did not bother us. We were in the Caribbean and we planned to make the best of it and that is just what we did.Service was excellent. You are in a Spanish speaking country why do you expect and assume they will be fluent in English? It's all inclusive how much Spanish do you really need to know anyhow? Order you drinks and if you get use to a certain drink type the bartender will just keep 'em coming and buffet you serve yourself and the restaurants have English on the menus.BTW servasa is beer in Spanish. And at many of the food stands the beer is self service on tap. The pools were terrific. We stayed at the main pool with the swim up bar.We booked through TNT travel and did several of the adventure tours; jeep safari tour to the sugar can fields, villages, cigar factory, visit to the island of Soana located on the Caribbean Sea, the water is turquoise clear blue and so beautiful and that sand is pure white, we also went to the capital Santo Domingo and visited the caves, when to a Dominican restaurant and had the best food ever. In addition we went horse back riding. We planned to have a blast and our expectations were exceeded. We will definitely go back.If you plan to go and just stay at the resort the entire time then I recommend a higher end resort with many more options. But where ever you end up staying remember its up to you to make the best of it.Bon Voyage!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful service, arrogant staff I just came back from a one week stay at Carabela. What a regretful experience ! Even though it is supposed to be a 4 star hotel, in my book, it only rates a 2 star hotel, and believe me, I am not a difficult customer. From my arrival until my departure, the bad experiences were unfortunately accumulating. Upon arrival, my room was filled with water due to an air conditioning problem. I had to insist to change rooms and get a functional one, because they refused to do so. The service of the staff was very rude and arrogant. For exemple, when you have to make a phone call, you have to dial 0 for the reception and they will connect you. So many times, the receptionist would answer that he has no time right now and to call back in 5-10 minutes. He also would hang up when he realised that it was about a phone call that the client had to make. I went a couple of times to the front desk to ask why he would hang up on me and he would just simle saying that he doesn't have the time to make connections for the clients. When I asked his name, he gave me a false name so I was never able to make a proper complaint. By the way, they do not wear name tags so they can not be identified ! Everybody covered for eachother, so there was no way to get your point across to anyone.At the restaurant, the food was OK, however, no service. Nobody comes to fill up your water or ask you if you want anything to drink. I had brought sufficiant 1$ bills to give in tips, and for the first time ever, I didn't have to leave any tips at the table since during the entire week, nobody came to serve us. We had to go to the bar and get our own drinks.The beach is not as nice as other hotels. I guess do to previous storms it became multileveled (not straight). You have to jump down form one level to another to get to the water.I travelled many times to the south and I have to qualify this as the worst experience ever ! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone !  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memorable vacation I just came back from Carabela with a friend and barely have any complaints. It took us 2 days to get to know the place and the staff. The food was good for the first 2 days, then it got so so, but it is a poor country and they really do try their best to satisfy the guests. The Mexican restaurant a la carte was great (you get 3 reservations per week but if you get friendly with the staff they will sneak you in with a smile!!! Thank's Julio)The entertainment at night was not amazing but some dancers are really good and they did try to make us laugh and some of their shows were really funny. They organized many activities during the day (on the beach and at the pool area) they always tried to get us to have fun dancing to El Mariachi. THE BAR: if you really want to have a good time there, make friends with Nicholas, Pablo and Julia they are a great bunch. Nicholas will entertain you to the point that you will be sad when they close the bar at midnight, but ask them to meet you at the disco and they will make you dance all night. The rooms were ok, we didn't spend much time there so we really didn't care about it much. the air conditioning was working great (freezing at night!) the room was always clean. If you leave a tip the mades will do extras 9nice designes on the beds, extra towels, they even picked up our clothes and folded them on the chair for an extra chocolate candy :) In overall i really enjoyed myself there. it is not the best hotel i've been to but i had a lot of fun there (especially thanks to the great staff) i read a review that mewntiond that they were racist, well i've seen some tourists treating them like dogs, so i'm not surprised thet they can be bitter sometimes. We didn't have any problems there, give a smile, be polite, try to talk to them instead of just demending whatever you need and they will truly make your vacation memorable, like mine.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chicahalifax
<Content>Very Satisfied We found the Carabela to be very satisfying for the price we paid for it. It is not a luxury resort and valet service but it is not a low-graded resort either. Rooms and buildings were adequate. Grounds were impeccable and staff was always at work on them. The size of the hotel was appealing as it never seemed crowded anywhere like other 800-1000 room resorts. I was told the hotel was full when I was there and I never had a wait for anything, buffet at meal times, etc.Dining room service at buffet was a-1 with plates cleared from tables immediately. We did not do the a-la-cartes as we dont like to committ to meal times. Food was plentiful, with lots of variety, and replenished when needed. The self-service drink area at the buffet is a good idea and cuts down on staff having to wait on people at their table. Help yourselves folks.....we are not totally lame when we are on vacation.The only down-fall was with the beach but we adapted to it and made out fine. Beach area is majority treed which some may like - there is a small totally sun area in front of the treed area by the waterside. This is where we located ourselves and found it to be ample space. Beach chairs were ample and we never had to reserve them early in a.m, however we were at beach most mornings by 8 a.m.Having the town el corticito next to the resort was nice for a change of pace - to go over and look/walk around.Security was visibly present however no problems were noted during the entire 2 weeks we were there.The front of the hotel is right on a main street with local bus service stopping right in front of the resort which is very convenient. Bus fare is much less than taxi fare and very safe.....the local people even tell you where to get off if you ask them.Overall, all staff I dealt with were friendly and helpful.....For the price paid I was very satisfied and would definitely return to this resort. I love the central location and am not inclined to being fussed upon or pampered at all times. I do speak limited spanish and find this makes a huge difference. After all we are in their country, why should we expect them to speak our language. If a tourist comes to your country are you expected to speak their language?  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A LOVELY RESORT - Don't be scared away!!!!!! Okay... I'm American, and my boyfriend is Canadian, so you're getting two different cultural opinions in this review..... I don't usually read (or write) reviews, but I feel compelled this time to put my two-cents in. I've traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean, but have never bothered to read reviews as I believe that any place (or experience) is entirely skewed by one's own personal interpretation (hey, we're all different, right???). So the reason I did read the reviews here was because I have to admit I was concerned by what (seems to me) to be such an extremely low price for an all-inclusive resort. So, after reading all the negative reviews, it was with some trepidation that my boyfriend and I first stepped foot onto the Hotel Carabella grounds. WELL -- we worried needlessly. The hotel was beautiful and we had a GREAT time. Again, every experience, food (geez, even a sunset), will be viewed and judged differently according to a person's own tastes and preferences. So I'm not saying anyone is wrong here, BUT COME ON!!!!! I would definitely recommend this hotel, and I think some of the reviews here were unnecessarily harsh. The beach was beautiful; the grounds were wonderful and so well-kept; the help were friendly, gracious, and helpful (of course you'll always run into one or two not so friendly people -- ANYWHERE YOU GO!); the food was fine (and we ate pretty much everything they offered with no ill-effects from the food!); the little village next to the resort was fun to go through; the drinks were plentiful (tip from my Canuck boyfriend which I loved: bring a large plastic beer mug from home so you don't have to keep going back for another tiny disposable cup of beer - the bartenders are very happy to oblige you by filling your mug to the brim); the pools were clean and pretty; what the heck more do you want?? Okay, so the room left a bit to be desired, it's entirely true and I agree with others on this point... but we weren't there to spend time in our room. I would gladly trade having a posh room that I don't spend time in but to sleep, for the loveliness of the resort (and certainly for the very low PRICE!) We were lucky, though, as our air conditioning did work perfectly (it actually got TOO cold for me). Yes, the shows were boring and the two times we went, it was just the same dancing put to different music. But what else do they do when they're catering to so many different languages? You can't have a comedy show, or a variety show, when you'll have to repeat everything in 10 different languages! Think about it! My boyfriend and I enjoyed the experience of being a minority when it came to speaking English. It was a neat experience for us. But again, we were there to spend time with each other and it didn't bother us that we didn't have a lot of in depth conversations with others. Just enjoy the diversity! And relax! That's what you're there for, right????  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mamabella
<Content>What a waste of a vacation What you read is really what you get, this is no 4 and half star resort, I would rate it a 2, We arrived there no problem, timing was perfect, weather was awesome.The staff have no concept on the english language whats so ever.We were giving no towels in our room and had to ask almost every day for them to replenish them,needed to ask them for toilet paper as well,did not recieve any till the following morning, having the runs the entire evening and no toilet paper(use your imagination) the grounds were kept clean and the pools sort of clean, the drinks were very strong(depending on whom served you on those days)and the coffee cold, the pop very flat and hot..No water/pop/beer were in room fridge, no coffee maker eigher,after 12 midnight, no more food or drinks to be served(unless you purchased them in the disco)would not allow any one to take food out of restaurant to bring closer to the beach or pool side, swim up pool side bar was not opened the entire duration of our stay, the entertainment litterly put you to sleep,(unless you love to play BINGO) all night long, and you would win a t-shirt if you were the lucky 2 hour long winner, no civilazation after 12(midnight).the cards to get into your room(they do not use keys )had to be reprogrammed every day, we had to first wait for their computers to reboot themselves which at times you could wait 15 mins or 60% of the morning, no handy man or staff were willing to help you until morning.What a great vacation Please do not go there, I have been traveling to the Dominican Republic twice a year for 5 years and have gone to Mexico,Saint Lucia,Las Vegas/New York,and have never encountered such a very unorganzied hotel.The beach sand was not white(brown) and have you ever gone to a sandy beach and saw no sea shells. There was garbage though. Think Twice before heading out to this resort....Read the reviews, I just wish I did!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FluffyWelland
<Content>Hotel Carabela great!!!! Hello: I wanted to say hi  let anyone who might be travelling to Hotel Carabela to relax I had read many nasty comments regarding this place. I just returned with two friends, we had a nice relaxing time. Our room was in the 10'000's quite new, all that we needed. The pool's were nice  clean, gift shop great, massages on the beach were awesome well worth 25.00.  The food was okay, I tried a few new things but my stomach didn't agree so I was careful, pasta great. We tried two of the a la carte I don't believe they were any better than the buffet.  The entertainment was okay they had the usual games on the beach if you won at night you were called up on stage for a diploma  bottle of rum my friend won 3 bottles. If you had dinner at 7:00 pm you had a few hrs to wait if you wanted to watch the entertainment.  All in all we had a nice time, the beach was great lots of palm trees ocean had waves always a nice breeze. For the price it was fun time, Sincerely the girls from Canada(Hardly any Canadians, mostly Europeans would have been nice to mingle with english speaking people a bit more)  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an ok hotel This hotel was a ok hotel. I have been to Punta Cana before and we stayed in a 3.5 star but it was nicer then this. for one this the room was so musty that i got sick and had to switch rooms half way though, but i can understad that seeing its so hot there. But the beach wasnt at all as nice as the ones down the beach more. you couldnt really find a spot in the sun and there was no waves in the water! down the beach the waves were huge and that place had none!! And the entertainment was just dancing that was the same people the whole stay. But the pools were AMAZING though. they were all big and very clean. and it was nice to have a drink stand at the beach and soft ice cream that you could get when ever. over all i wouldnt go to this place again. but it was still worth the little money we spent.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent All-Inclusive and affordable We have just returned from a weeks stay at Carabela Beach Resort and couldn't wait to write our review after seeing so many poor reviews prior to leaving on our trip, they actually had us pretty concerned that we had made a bad choice. Not so at all! We plan to return next year for the following reasons. First of all I have read so many complaints about the food! Well we thought the numerous choices were aplenty and always found more than enough that we thought was great and by the looks of other peoples plate mounded high I don't think they had many complaints either! I never heard of any one getting sick, and the bottled water is offered everywhere you turned! We tried all 3 restaurants and they were very nice also, a change from the buffet, but we were always glad to have the buffet again the next night. The beach grill was okay except we did not care for the hamburgs so most days we went back to the buffet for lunch, often making grilled cheese sandwiches on freshly baked bread, had some sort of pasta salad as a side and the desserts were always varied and very good. We especially liked the flan, ice cream and variety of fresh fruits at every meal. Our room was fine, it was in the 5000 building, an older building but the ocean view was wonderful, beautiful sunrises, and well tended to by the maid service daily, (suggest leaving a daily tip and we brought small inexpensive treats for her too. In return she left us flowers and plenty of TP! Yes, bring your own face cloths if you use them! A good time to get rid of the tattered ones we all have in our closets. The grounds were absolutely gorgeous and the grounds keepers were busily maintaining them every day, we saw the pools being cleaned daily also. The beach did have lots of shady areas, but many people like that and we always had our same sunny area everyday without having to get up and out early to reserve a chair. The weather, beach and ocean were lovely. We arose early and were in our rooms by 10pm so did not partake in the disco or casino. We just wanted RR and got just that! Of course there were plenty of beach and water activities and aerobics going on but we preferred to relax, read, swim and even had massages on the beach, $25 for a half hour. El Corcheito, the little town right next door was a convenient place to walk to. Of course you have the usual merchants all wanting you to see their shops, like many other places I have visited. They will take lower prices because they want your business. We found a few gifts for friends and ourselves without spending much $. We met a few other English speaking guests to talk to but it was not an issue with us because our jobs require lots an lots of talking so it was a nice change to just chill! In closing we had a very enjoyable vacation and recommend Carbela as a great place to vacation, there were all age groups there and not one person appeared to be having a bad time.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gigibeau
<Content>very happy with this resort!!!!! my family stayed at this resort from 2/24-3/3 2006 there were 11 of us ages 4-63 yrs. old. i have to say after reading some of the reviews before we left i was alittle nervous....the transition from the airport to the hotel was alittle long...we were the last ones to be dropped off we had made 3 other stops to drop at other resorts so a 14 mile ride turned into and hour and a half!!!oh well no biggie...check in was great andre at the front desk put our 3 rooms in building 2 together that made things convient we had rooms overlooking the main pool and dinner area it was beautiful!!!!we were on the 3rd floor and the elevator did work although we opted to do the stairs always...good exercise...the room itself was very clean but did have a musty damp smell but its the caribbean its hot and humid all the time!!!!the a/c worked great and sometimes we did without it and kept the slider open..our maid was superb her name is luz maria my son got the flu while we were there (vomiting and diarrhea) and she would check in on him often and completely scoured the room with bleach...no one else got sick thank god!!!the pool and beach were very clean and very easy to get to short walks to anywhere in the resort made it very nice!!the food was alittle different i think its geared more toward the european palate..we are american and i guess just use to the norm...yes they do serve goat!!!not my thing..the beer was good(presidente)the drinks were ok good pina coladas!!soft serve ice cream was the best and we looked forward to it daily!!they give dance lessons everyday and do aerobics i would reccomend learning the dance its fun and at the end of each show at night they have everyone get up on the stage and do it together!!!!it makes for a good laugh..we can thank tito for getting us involved....i had three teenage girls with me they managed to get around the language barrier and made tons of friends with people from france,netherlands,austria,spain and germany...it was fun watching them trying to communicate they learned a few words in all different languages they can't wait to go back..over all we had a fabulous time i would recommend this resort to anyone!!!i think a vacation is all what you make of it get involved learn other cultures if was a great learning experience i too can't wait to go back!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTRCARM
<Content>Hated this place I am very late with this review and hopefully they have made some changes.Let me start with the FOOD.Whenpeople vacation this is what they look forward to,wellthe food at this resort was horrible and it will make you ill like you've never been before.I became ill the second day there,vomiting,diarrhea you name it.I believe it's from all the hands at their only buffet station.There really should be at least 2-3 food stations for the size of this resort.I required antibiotics for 1 week.The staff was great,friendly,the spa was great one of the best massages I ever received.The only problem with the staff I experienced was racism in the gift shop.Taking care of a white man first when I was clearly the next customer,which I addressed.The restaraunts that required reservations were horrible with their food.I would never stay at this resort again.As a matter of fact I'm not sure if I'd ever go back to Punta Cana,because as I shared my story of being ill,suddenly everyone who had been there and stayed at different resorts had a horror story regarding illness.And let's just say the Europeanors don't make this place a happy stay either.Not a friendly,courteous bunch. God will it kill you to smile and say excuse me??? Beach was beautiful and the guy who owns the glass bottom boat made our trip a little fun,he was hilarious. All in all I would never recommend this resort,the only blessing here was the price and the fact that I was only there 4 days.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointed Rooms: Unless you get some of the newer rooms, be prepared for rock hard beds and pillows that were uncomfortable and mould ridden. The air conditioning was mediocre and the water pressure was terrible and there was no hot water the first night after a long flight and late arrival. Maid service was good and room was cleaned consistently each afternoon. Better to leave a bit of a tip each day, since there may be different staff on throughout your stay. The room had a lightbulb missing along with a musty smell in the room and as I mentioned low pressure and no hot water the first night - when it was mentioned to the travel rep, she relayed it quickly and in all instances the maintenance staff were quick to respond. Food: There was mounds of food beautifully displayed, BUT... it was tasteless and there was little change in the menu at the main al a carte each day. Things would show up the next meal or day disguised as some stange salad - one even had chopped up weiners in it YUCK! Desserts looked spectacular but were terribly bland. The fresh baked bread was nice and so were the dinner rolls. The other restaraunts were terrible. It was basically the same type of food with personal service. The burito was deep fried??? and the crepe was a piece of flat dough with caramel sauce and a scoop of ice cream. I passed on that.There is not much to each outside of the al a carte. The food hut on the beach served burgers, fries, hotdogs and pizza - ALL TERRIBLE. The only good thing there was the soft serve ice cream.Beach: Very nice, but quite shady. Mix of a type of tropical pine with palms. There were mini-cones on the beach that hurt when you stepped on them. Water was fairly calm and 98% sunshine. The beaches are very similar to ones I have been to in Florida - more natural than manicured. This is personal preference I suppose.Hotel: Be prepared to watch your step in the evening. They apprear to ration their lights (electricity) and paths are not well lit at night. Even hotel stairwells, seem to have alternate floors lit. I think this was deliberate to conserve energy. The only afternoon it was overcast, the staff had to be asked to turn the lights on in the restaurant. Overall the hotel entry was well polished, but again with little lighting it had a dingy appearance.Pools: Seemed find to me clean and well maintained.Drinks: I sampled a few and then stuck to water and the beer. Poor drink presentation and poorly made. The coffee was dispensed only at breakfast and dinner by a machine - it tasted instant and was horrible.English Speaking: There were mostly Europeans at this location and very few Canadians or Americans to chat with. I didn't find any overt rudeness as some other reviews stated, but it made it difficult to chat with others while there.Overall, the grounds were beautiful, the beach fine and the service ok. I would not go back there and think I might try Cuba next year! I have family going to Peurto Plata in spring, so will be interested in comparing their notes against my stay in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall OK       Peacock at buffet  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bad trip... My wife and I have passed a week to Carabela Bavaro Resort from february 5th to 12th. We apprciated the site, the luxuous vegetation, the personnel and the temperature. We did'nt apprciate at all the rooms ( we had to change because of the climatisation et the second one was not better). There were a lot of young tourists ( spcialy spanish ) who made the party all day long ( and all night long ) without any respect for other people ( as us). The night shows were not realy professionnels, as we used to have in Cuba or other visited places. We considered the buffets ordinary anough and the wine realy cheep taste. ( The international restaurant was excellent). We both got the tourista and we didn't understand the reason why... It was supposed to be a **** htel. We do not agree with that.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad My wife and I spent the week of Jan 27 to Feb 3 at Club Carabela. We stayed in the 10,000 block which are the newest units. Still there was a few poblems such as the air conditioner wasn't working and the room smelled musty. We moved to another room and than everything was okay. The food at the buffet wasn't bad; however, it was never hot. The coffee was bad which is surprizing for the DR. Of course the drinks were good and the bar service was great. The weather was fantastic and the pools (3) were clean. The beach was nice but there were too many trees and not enough sun. We met some real nice people and maybe lasting friends.This resort was reasonable for the money that we paid ($749 Cdn).Chris and Donna  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carlsojo
<Content>sorry folks this place stinks First off some backround. Me and my girlfriend visited this resort between march 15th to the 22nd 2005 We are in our early thirties and are middle class from minnesota. Im late on this review because I was just dis interested in taking the time to write this after a vacation. Were going to mexico this year and wish I would have heeded the warnings from the not so great reviews on carabela. Rooms: Check in went fine the people are very sincere and helpful. Our first room had a huge crack across the patio door, not a good first impression. We got our second room quick enough, I tried to open the patio door and the handle fell off. The drain in the tub was clogged, the lights didnt work, the ac was a joke. The tv was tiny I mean tiny. The gaps in the door were so big a 6 year old could have jimmied it open with a butter knife. If you insist on going to this resort make sure you get a room in the newer buildings, much nicer.Food: People trust me when I say the food was just horrible. Im not a picky person but its the same warmed up crap every single day!!! The so called resturaunts arent much better, it was like the buffet food served to you with a fancy plate and a waiter. The beach grill is not what one might invision folks. Its not like theres some guy out there on a open pit hot grill serving up great burgers and all beef weinies, its a joke cold steamed hot dogs, hamburgers pre cooked stacked a mile high in the open hot air. Sounds yummy eh. I did get a burger and then I barely made it back to my room to you know what. We did not get sick from the food. Just stay away from those beach burgers!!!!The beach: The beach was great, no complaints. swimming in the ocean was great the weather was just awesome. What bothered me is that you had to leave a deposit to use any swim gear like snorkles and such. what a hassle, I usually dont carry cash when I wanna go in the ocean.The resort: The grounds on the resort are kept up very nice, the pools are nice except for the filthy one in the front with the swim up bar. The drinks are not top shelf, That was no biggie to me, Hey they were all free. The peacocks on the resort are annoying. At first you think hey thats cool look at those pretty birds, by the second night you find yourself wishing you had a shotgun. They quackle and whine while your eating, they are in the buffet building pecking at scraps and stairing at you, trust me on this one the birds gotta go.The people: The Dominican people are the nicest people on earth. The wait staff the bartenders were just awesome. I know this review is not flattering to the resort but I really dont want to take away the fact that the local people are just wonderful!!!! As for our friends the europeans???? Well what would you expect from such a cultured society. We meet some great people from the states.Overall: We actually had a pretty good time looking back on it. I know some of this might sound nit picky or something like that but I wish I would have listened to the negative reviews. To me when the food is horrible and the room is just as bad its hard to enjoy yourself for 7 nights, remember 7 nights. At the end we basically were eating bread with butter and oreos from the little convienance store. Were fun people and like to tipp a few so we made the best of it.In closing: Hey spend a little more on yourself and go to were the reviews are constant 5s and 4s with a 3 thrown in from time to time. This year were going to mexico all inclusive 5 star for sure, yea its gonna cost about $250 more per person but every review for this place is 5 or 4. Well good luck and if your all set to go to carabela have a good time and just know I tried to help.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Resort We thought the Carabella Resort was very nice for the money. In our our opinion, we don't think anyone should stay at an all inclusive resort for more than 1 week...Because than yes it will get boring!!!Check in was fast and easy. Friendly people. Yes you have to pay 10 USD for the safe lock  key. We got 2 towel cards, but did not charge us,, yes you must ask for these items.RESORT....The grounds are beautiful full of peacocks and beautiful flowers. The beach was beautiful, but yes it is hard to to find a sunnyspot for tanning, but not impossible. There were 2 dogs that I saw but they did not bother us and I did not see them everyday. I am a bit of picky person so, as for the room I did have it changed more than once, but for good reason. The first room they put us in was in the 8000 building 3rd floor, no elevator but that wasn't the problem, The bathroom was rusty and old. The beds are fine.They changed us to the 10,000 building, 1st floor, fine and great...But YES there are BUGS...Of all kinds. That were in our room. But they were very gracious to come quickly and spray and then transfer us to the 2nd floor of the same building, which was great, clean and I didn't see any bugs. Since we were there the week of Christmas we tipped the maid 5 USD and gave her a little gift every day as well...Just dollar store items, candies..etc..and our room was cleaned and fresh towels everyday, Nothing was ever taken. Yes we had the in room safe.The staff was friendly and yes I tipped but that did not grant us any special privledges,(Bartenders yes tip them)We actually didn't see many people tipping at all.... But we did tip the front desk gentleman for being gracious in finding us a room, quickly.The entertainment team was fine, don't pay no mind to the other reviews. They have a job to try to keep travelers busy and happy. They have 5-7 different shows that they perform every night and work all day at entertaining you..Of course the shows would be very repetitive if you stay there for more than a week..They tried to keep everyone busy at the beach area, with games, dance lessons and exercising. But if you didn't want to they left you alone at the first no.They give nightly awards and rum or beer, not sure since we lost at everything...lol.. if you won at the games... So hats off to them...And yes the music is in spanish and english...Your in a different country, enjoy the culture..They speak spanish, french and the higher end jobs spoke english too...The Village next door is nice and fine to shop in. Yes it is a pain to be bothered, but whatcha gonna do...lol..Smile and say non merci politely. The vanilla and rum is very cheap at the market in that village.The food is fine, we found something different to eat every day except breakfast,he always burnt the omlettes, than I just asked for my eggs to be over easy everyday.. but I lived. We did not get sick, but we choose to listen to the other reviews, we did not use any ice cubes, we drank only bottled water and we brushed our teeth with bottled water, The funny part is, the representitive says Don't drink the water in the room but you can brush your teeth with it and have drinks with the ice cubes. We laughed and didn't listen.The Christmas Eve Party was so beautiful and the Food, The spread!!Gorgeous...Candles, fine linens, the staff....The food art was breathtaking.Yes you pay for drinks at the disco. No big deal.Yes take the exursions they are fun and it gets you out of the resort. We prefered to bring our own snorkeling equipment..I am glad we did...no hassels...I snorkeled anytime I wanted to. And specially on the island.We went on the Saona Island excursion it was fun, except the bus ride but after everything is what you read in the reviews. The caribbean sea is gorgeous. The shells are beautiful. Its a shell producing Island.If I were to ever go back I would choose the Caribbean side of the Island.Very Importand, If you choose to eat in the restaurants on the resort make your reservations in the Morning and in the Buffet restaurant. The italian was the best. The mexican was good too...They were all fine Your at an all inclusive, don't expect the Ritz!!!I am so happy to have found this website...I learned so much before going on this trip.. I will always check here before I book!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chrissie1
<Content>Loved it       Pool is so clean.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rosebudgirl
<Content>small resort - Big Value My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our week at the Carabella. So much so that we are returning this coming February with our children 12 and 15. There is plenty of activities at this resort. The beach is fabulous! Right next door is El Cortecito - A Dominican village with all the markets to peruse and get your presents to take home, great grocery store for coffee, rum, sugar etc., restaurants, coffee huts, jewellery etc. People are very friendly and great to barter with. The food is quite good at the resort. We ate mostly at the buffet restaurant as by the end of the day we were so exhausted we just grabbed a bite and went to bed. Our room was really great it was in the 10 block - the newest. We were on the main floor and our room had a patio that opened right up onto the pool. Very nice!The only thing I could complain about is that the beds are really really hard. They are the equivalent of sleeping on the box spring only. You get used to it! There are far too many good things about this resort to really list - let me know if anyone wants more specifics.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Carabela? Never Again. Beach - thumbs up. very little of the beach has unrestricted sunlight because of the palm trees, but it was actually nice. the sun is so intense there that it is a good change to be able to be in the shade and on the beach. it was never hard to find a beach chair and it was fairly quiet - we just weren't used to the thongs, speedos and topless women everywhere.Hotel - thumbs up. clean and very well landscaped. the rooms are bright with balconies and very nice tile work. the entertainment at night though will remind you of your local public access network. picture a big lip sync show with dancers that just aren't quite good enough. yes, silly isn't it? the workout room is serviceable, but not air-conditioned - so it's a tough workout. we looked in the window of the (very tiny) casino when it was closed (yes, a closed casino) and decided we wouldn't go in.Food - thumbs down. let me break this down simply: the main dining hall is to be avoided. this is unfortunate because this is where you will eat breakfast, most lunches, and some dinners. whatever can be stale, will be stale. whatever can be mushy, will be mushy. there are flies everywhere, and guess what? if they run out of something, well, there's always tomorrow! luckily, you can make reservations for dinner, and there you can get a good meal. mexican, italian, crepes, grilled - all are very good. here's the catch - you have to make your reservations between 8-10am the day that you want to go there. so... if it's 9:30am, and the reservations girl is tired or grumpy, you're not getting reservations or you'll be told that your restaurant is sold out. BUT if you are told your restaurant is sold out, you can complain to the front desk and easily get in. that's what we did one night when we were told everywhere was sold out, but when we went to these places at night, they were totally empty. another food problem is that you are on a tightly controlled schedule. we arrived at the resort at 4, but we were forced to starve until 7 because that's when dinner starts.Drinks - one up, one down. you will quickly learn that no one else is tipping the help at this resort (and there is a reason for that), but if you tip at the bar, you will make friends for life. the help at the main bar was great, but I'm afraid they could not make up for the miserable human beings at the other mini bars around the resort. be prepared to get dirty looks and rolled eyes for even the simplest requests. (ok, so here's the reason why no one tips. drinks come in glasses that could be described as breakfast juice glasses. probably about 6 ounces - and if you tipped for every beer you ordered, all of a sudden the place is not all-inclusive. the place has one beer, presidente, and you might have trouble tasting the cheap alcohol they use in the mixed drinks. also - the swim up bar in the main pool was NEVER open.)Service - thumbs down, waaaay down. the only thing worse than the food was the service. there are nice workers at this resort, there are - but you must look deep into your heart. the employees from the front desk all the way to the busboys are just plain rude, unaccomadating, and unprofessional. the attitudes from the women are just offensive - and if you are a female guest, be prepared to get a thorough and complete look down from the men. not only are the employees at this place lazy, but they are spiteful - and I have too many examples to write. I'll lump security into this section, because 20 minutes into our stay at the resort we were offered a control substance from someone who looked like a bum.Overall - I don't mean to be a total downer, we had fun - but don't go to this place. it's a great place to get a tan and relax on the beach - but that is all. because of all of the awful service, there is an overwhelming sense that you are not getting your money's worth - and you can see it in the eyes of other guests. also - this place is couples and families - you're not going to find a date here, no way. my girlfriend and I would go back to the dominican, but never the Carabela.Oh yea - and I spent as much time on the toilet as I did on the beach.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Paradise of fun, but the food....       Catamaran  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>May 15-22! My fiance and I went to Club Carabela from May 15 to May 22. I'm 23 and my fiance is 26. Let me point out that this was not our number one choice and we only ended up at this resort because other resorts were sold out. Despite the rain we got for two days, the overall trip was relaxing and the beach and green water were beautiful. As for the actually resort it wasn't bad; however, when speaking to others that went in the same time period and only paid a difference of $80 for a 5 star resort, I probably wouldn't go back to this specific resort for many reasons like the difference in price. Other reasons would include:FOOD: There were 3 resturants and we tried all of them. My fiance liked the Italian one and I didn't care of any of them. One of the resturants had seafood but you had to pay for that and we heard other resorts included seafood for no additional charge. The buffet was all right. Breakfast was probably the only decent meal, while lunch was always the same and one day there was fruit flies which is understandable because the the resturant is an open concept, but where the grill is, there was live bugs crawling around in the food and the infuriating part about it all was the fact that the chief was standing right there and didn't notice. Pretty gross! In all, the food was a major disappointment. We totally understand that the Dominicain people don't have spices and don't use too many in their food, yet the lack of variety in foods is the major reason why we wouldn't return to this resort.Entertainment: We watched the entertainment the first night and couldn't believe how boring it was. Most of it was in Spanish, so if you didn't speak the language, it was pretty pointless. We watched another dance show one night and all the dances seemed like the same chorography and became very repetitious. On the other hand, there were good things about this resort. The first thing would have to be the beach hands down. Beach: The green blue water and the clean white sand was breath taking. It seemed although we were in a magazine. On two occassions, my fiance and I went walking on the beach and came accross other resorts and noticed that there sand wasn't as clean as Carabela's and many of the resorts didn't have the clear water like ours. Carabela's beach was the best out of the 5 - 7 resorts that we saw. So if you don't care about the food or entertainment, then we would strongly recommend you going to Carabela for the beach and water. The second positive thing about Carabela was the service: Service: The people are friendly and even though they don't speak much English they always smile and try to help out. Our cleaning lady for our room would always clean our room very well. We also left her small little gifts each day that we picked up from the dollar store before leaving T.O. There was also a man at the retain area on the beach who was from Europe, but he spoke English and he sat with us before we left who was also a very friendly individual who put a smile on our face. Well I could go on forever and tell you all the good and bad things about Carabela, but I think it is important to keep an open mind, which we did and enjoy your trip no matter where you stay and make the most of it. Now that we have been there once, we know where to stay and where not to and what to expect! This is a 4 star resort after all!!!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Carabela THis was a very beautiful resort I would NOT hesitate to go back and visit.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Food and drinks. The resort itself is beautiful. Some of the nicest grounds I have ever seen, and we took many pictures of the flowers. There are peacocks that roam the grounds are are nice to look at, but by the end they were so loud and their noises rather annoying. The beach is very nice, with lots of shade. Water was seaweed free and the surf wasn't rough at all. My wife and I enjoyed taking walks to other resorts to see what they were like. Weather was great, with only a few showers that actually cooled things down. Our room was adequate and they did a fine job cleaning. The beds were rock hard and the pillows were terrible, but the shower was hot and the AC worked, so we took the bad with the good. Drinks-I drank the Presidente mostly, so I was very sick of it by the end. The drinks were not very good, the local alcohol was not very good. DO NOT get a mojito, they have no idea how to make one. Frozen drinks were never made and we didn't see anyone drinking any. Pina Colidas were watery and too much sugar. It was nice to see Fanta down there (orange soda), my wife is a huge fan of that and it is great. Nightlife-not much of one. There is a show every night and it gets old. Nightclub was dead, we didn't try the casino.Food-one word...Aweful. No snacks at resort. Breakfast was ok. During the day there isn't anything to eat except the buffet, which was gross, we ate pasta and salad the whole time. Or you could eat at the beach, which was hot dogs or burgers and fries. That was it! No snacks. Dinner was the worst, I am not a picky eater and I understand that the Dominican food is different, but I have not seen so much aweful gamey meat in my life. The buffet is terrible. The mexican restaurant was ok, but the service stunk and the burrito was deep fried and didn't come with rice. The dessert was equally aweful. The italian restaurant was gross. My wifes pizza was ok, but I got a pasta dish and the sauce tasted like spaghetti O's. The gourmet? restaurant I can't comment on too much because we ate their the last night and I had to leave my poor wife there to eat her dinner alone because I was so sick and my stomach was killing me. I am not sure what is what from because I didn't drink the water. I think it was something I ate. I was sick for two days when I got home.In closing, I have to say the resort itself was beautiful and we got some relaxation time in and we got a great deal on the vacation. That being said, I would rather spend a little more money and go to a resort that has some better food. You live and learn.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent time carabela was a wonderfull vacation for me. The resort is smaller with only ~400 rooms, however this enabled you to recognize people during your stay and the staff remembered you for an added bit of attention. the food was buffet style in the main dining area with ample choice for adventurous and picky eaters alike. there was always plenty of meat dishes and seafood options, however a number of vegetarian options as well. The bars were all very convienant and freindly efficient staff. Overall in the resort a spattering on spanish will help you, but it is not neccessary.The 'animation' team plans some activities to amuse anyone who wishes, but are not overly pushy for you to aprticipate if you don't wish. The rooms are clean and sufficient, not luxurius, but how much time do you spend thee anyway!?The beach was nicely spread out and very clean with ample chairs every day. Security was present at all borders and the beach, there didn't feel to be an unsafe presense but it was reassuring having them there and they are all very freindly. the three pools were all immaculately clean and very pleasant.Outside the resort be aware that store/stall holders are very pushy and you should bargain them down to about 1/3 to 1/2 of thier asking price.Enjoy, i would go back there!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dopplerstarz
<Content>Carabela Resort: Exceptional value Lyn USAMy husband, 12 year old son and I stayed at the Carabella from March 28 to April 4.We chose this resort after reading the reviews and because kids 12 under stay and eat free so we only had to pay for our son's airfare.For the price this resort is a great value.The BeachAs stated in other reviews, there are many shade trees along the shore. Palm trees and some type of pine trees that shed their needles. There are spots under the sand where the tree roots jut out and I stubbed my feet on them until I learned to look out for them. The pine needles and twigs can be very picky on your feet also so I chose to wear sandals when walking to and from the beach bar and restrooms. The resorts nearby the Carabela have much nicer beach fronts. It would be nice if they would clear out some of the trees to make the beach nicer. The other resorts have palapas for shade; the Carabela doesn't need them with all the trees. Down by the water the sand is lovely to walk barefoot on. By 5 pm you can no longer find open areas for sunbathing, so if we wanted more sun we would take a walk along the beach or go sit up by the main pool nearest the lobby. The beach bar is great because you can go in anytime between 10 am and 5 pm and help yourself to cold water bottles, pop, juice or beer. They also serve hot dogs, hamburgers, french fries and pizza. There is a soft serve ice cream cone dispenser also.PoolsThere are three. There is the large one with a swim-up bar but they didn't serve drinks to people in the water, maybe for safety/sanitation reasons. There is a large roof over part of the pool so you and your kids can get out of the sun while swimming if you want some shade. This pool is deeper at one end and they also do scuba demonstrations here.There is a nice bar that above the swim-up area and also a coffee machine where you can even get espresso with milk or hot chocolate. This bar had the best blender drinks we found. My favorite was the banana dacquiri, not too sweet. My husband liked the sweeter coco loco drink.GroundsThe grounds are lovely; many beautiful flowers and palm trees, fish ponds near some of the hotel buildings. There are peacocks that walk around freely that are quite tame as people hand feed them.The groundskeepers are constantly pruning and watering the plants and foliage and keep the resort looking impeccable.BarsTop shelf brands of liquor are available but not included in the all inclusive plan. There is a disco open after 11 pm. We went in it once the first night we arrived. None of the drinks in the disco are included in the AI plan, they are around $3 each. We didn't stay long for that reason.The lobby bar serves excellent cappucinos; frothy with cinnamon.The other two pools are very nice also. One is by building 10000 and has a cool water jacuzzi (I had read in an earlier review that it was boiling hot; this was not the case during the week I was here). The rooms here are poolside and you can walk right out to the pool from your balcony on the main floor.AccomodationsWe stayed in building 1000, it was very nice and clean. I never saw a single insect. It's centrally located so it's an equal walking distance to the beach or the restaurants, theater, lobby. The resort is a nice size for walking around to wherever you want to go. Our room was modern with elevators and key cards. The older buildings (e.g. 6000, 5000) have metal keys instead and no elevators. The A/C worked great in our room. You have to keep one of your hotel cards in a slot to keep the electricity running. You can use an expired credit card or something similar to keep it going. One day the power went out for about an hour in the entire resort; they had it back in operation and there was no trouble after that.The flusher handle broke off our toilet one day; someone from maintenance was there to fix it within 20 minutes.The staff at the Carabella are excellent. Very prompt and friendly.All the rooms have refrigators (not stocked, we would bring bottled water back and fill it) as well as balconies. We could see the ocean from ours even though we weren't right on the beach. The best building in my opinion is building 9000. It is right on the beach in a more cleared out area and has a thatched palm roof. It looks the most modern. I think this might be the one that has junior suites.Building 6000 is close to the beach but is one of the older buildings.When we checked in we were told we couldn't get one of the buildings close to the beach as the resort was full. It never felt crowded however. There were always plenty of beach chairs available both on the beach and by the pools.Check-in itself was a breeze. They served us fruit punch welcome drinks and took our luggage up to the room for us. We were able to get a room on second floor as we requested.Activities/EntertainmentThe animation team is excellent! They have scheduled activities all day long if you care to participate. My favorites were water aerobics in the ocean at noon and in the main pool in the late afternoon. The staff is wonderful and we had a lot of fun playing various games on the beach such as bocci ball, horseshoes, darts, shuffleboard, ping pong, schoulen, etc.If you win at a certain activity they call you up on stage at the theater at night and you are presented with a diploma and a bottle of Brugal rum.We always looked forward to seeing the children's mini disco on stage at 9 pm each night. They danced to some very catchy tunes in both English and Spanish. The same animation team that worked all day long at the beach led the evening entertainment as well. I am impressed at how much effort they put in all day long and into the night.The stage acts in the evening were amateur but not bad. We've seen similar shows at the Iberstar where we stayed in Puerto Plata. The ones at the the Carabella weren't nearly as elaborate and the dancers did not have the same level of talent.Usually I was too tired from being in the sun all day to stay up past 10 anyway and I would go to bed by this time.Punta Cana has the most amazing sunrises as it is on the East Coast of the DR. I often would set the alarm on my cell phone (there aren't any alarm clocks in the room) and get up by 6:30 to see the sun come up.We didn't go on any excursions as we preferred to relax and enjoy the resort.We had read on previous reviews that there was a mini-golf course at the Carabella. My son was disappointed as this no longer exists. They are constructing a building in its place.When he got tired of the sun and the pools he would watch the couple channels on TV that were in English, such as the Sci-Fi channel. The TV was little, maybe a 13. Some friends we met who stayed in building 10000 had a much larger TV.Water SportsMy husband and I love snorkeling but didn't want to spend money taking an excursion. We heard from another couple that the snorkeling was best if you walked down the beach to the left past where they rent the boat taxis (in the swimming area in front of the Palladium resort complex). You can see the reefs close to the buoys. Here we saw big Angel fish, marlins, as well as others I can't name. There are some reefs at Carabella also but it is a much farther swim out to the buoys and not as many big fish here. We would bring hard rolls from the breakfast buffet to feed them.We have our own snorkel gear but you can get it from the resort. My son wanted to rent a boogie board but they only had one and it was busted in half. There are kayaks you can use that are included in the all-inclusive. The water is so pretty, that beautiful tranquil aqua color like you see in Cancun and other Carribbean locations.The sand is the best in all the world for walking, soft like brown sugar and you can walk and walk and never cut your feet up as there are no busted up shells in it. Restaurants/BuffetThe food at the buffet was very good and you could always find something you liked. The buffet itself wasn't as big and sumptuous as other places I've stayed in the DR (e.g. Iberostar or LTI) but the quality was comparable.You have to help yourself to beverages (other resorts I've been to they wait on you) but this was no big deal.They have beer and wine as well as coffee, juice and bottled water.We tried 3 of the a la carte restaurants and they were all wonderful. The best was the gourmet/international. Here you can get grilled lobster (you have to ask for a separate menu) for $15; it was excellent. The first night we didn't know that so I ordered a boneless chicken breast which was superb also.The italian restaurant was okay but I liked the Mexican restaurant better. We didn try the crepe restaurant.The restaurant reservations can be made at the breakfast buffet after 7a.m. The first morning I tried making a reservation around 8:00 a.m. and they were all full except the Italian. They only take reservations for that same day. So the next morning I made the reservation for the gourmet restaurant right away at 7 am.You can always eat at the main buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The a la carte restaurants open at 7 pm. One night they had a special Spanish celebration at the main buffet and they had vendors in the lobby selling jewelry, paintings and other souvenirs. There is a street with vendors who are very pushy where you can barter for items such as t-shirts, etc.The hotel has a gift shop too where you can buy similar items. Check to see what the prices are in the gift shop so you don't end paying more than that to the street vendors. There are also vendors right on the beach in both directions, a short distance from the resort.The weather has been excellent both times we've been to Punta Cana; last year we stayed in January at the LTI. We liked that resort as well as Carabella. The beach is better at LTI but the staff is much nicer at Carabella and there was no activity program at LTI. The rooms were much nicer at Carabella and the a la carte restaurants were far better.I would definitely return to Carabella for the price we paid. If they cleaned up the trees on the beach it would be a big improvement. I like the Iberostars best but have found they run about $500 more per person for one week.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ready to go back!! This is our 4th all inclusive resort that we have stayed at.This was the best one hands down, especially for being the cleanest and safest. The whole resort was very clean. Our 2 teenage daughters had their own room and we all felt safe.FOOD: the food was ok, just different. The buffet had alot to choose from. We only tried one al a carte resturaunt, because we found it difficult to get reservations, unless you got up early and were there first thing in the morning. This was frustrating, because when you walked by them they were only half full. We also wished that they offered 24 hour snacks because we arrived late and were hungry, and left at 6:00 pm with no supper because supper didn't start untill 7:00.COMMUNICATION: comunication was somewhat difficult because english was a minority, but when you hear someone talking english you approach each other and meet some great new people. The staff didn't speak english well,but good enough to understand.ACTIVITIES/ENTERTAINMENT: the activities are what you make of them. You can particapate, watch, or avoid them altogether, the activity people werent bugging you all the time. The entertainment was ok. The shows started at 10:00, which was late, 9:00 would have been better. We shopped alot at the village and found it best to go to the supermarket for fixed prices then go to the shops and have fun negotiating. Overall the Dominicans are very friendly people. This is one of the best holidays we've had. We would recommend this resort to anyone, and we are already ready to go back.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort               More photos  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>antegani
<Content>Very Nice We just returned from Carabela. Had a great trip. The resort is a decent 3 star hotel. Alot of the negative things that I had read about in previous reviews,I think were a difference of culture.The food was very Dominican with a European touch in the buffet. Seeing as most of us do not eat this daily,it can get old. There was a great assortment so it was nice to keep trying different things. We ate a few nights in the International Restaurant. That was a nice change.Our room was in the 10000 block. It was newly remolded. It was nice. The bed was a little on the hard side. For it had no box spring. It overlooked a huge pool. We did lock ourselves out on the balcony the first night. The balcony door will lock behind you,so beware! The bathroom had a nice adjustable shower head, was clean and comfortable. There is a huge opaque window, so anyone in the room can see your shadow in shower.Very romantic so long as you are with someone you want to be romantic with!The beach was amazing. Nice soft sand,no seaweed. NO BUGS! There is a large sandy area with palm trees. So that you can lay in the shade,on the beach. The beach is topless,so beware of that. Some interesting sights!There were alot of European guests there. American and Canadian guests are the minority. So there are not many English speaking people around. This can be frusterating and lonely at times.The Dominican people are the best! They are the warmest hosts i've encountered. They are very poor,and yet they are truely the best spirited people! They work very hard for very little money. Tip and be generous! We went on the Jurasic Sufarri. I highly recommend this outing. It was a great way of seeing the natives,and the country. Bring lots of candy for the kids! Great views,and horseback riding too!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hightide
<Content>wonderful vacation We stayed at Carabela March 22-29. You can trust this review, I'm well traveled and have stayed at a wide range of hotelsGrounds: like everyone says, breathtaking. My 3 yr. old fed peacocks by hand. He loved the fish ponds too. Beach is beautiful.Pools: there are three. Beautiful, with islands in the middle. Each with it's own bar. Self serve esspresso machine at the middle pool, pretty good too. The pools are warm, but we loved that!Service: excellent. Everyone including the maids spoke enough English that we all understood each other.Food and drinks: My only real complaint is that the food really isn't the best in the world, but you can find something. The ala carte restaurants were good (Mexican and Italian) but we were annoyed to find out you had to make a reservation a day in advance. So when we showed up on our second day at noon to make a reservation for dinner on our third day we found there were no more spaces. They informed us that if you want a reservation for the following day you should make it at 7 AM. Thus, we were unable to get a table at the ala carte restaurant until our fourth day. But you can believe I was standing there every morning at 7 AM to make a resevation. We were there over the Easter holiday, so maybe they were particularly busy. Hopefully this is not an on-going problem. Others have said they had no trouble getting a table. Drinks are great. The lobby bar is hopping in the evening, and the bartenders are top notch.Entertainment: cheesey.Europeans: lots of boobs, speedos and thongs. You know not everyone should wear a thong. But those Europeans will wear speedos and bikinis no matter how old or what their shape. So don't be shy you too should dig out that old bikini you haven't worn in years and wear it proudly. I know I did.As far as rudeness is concerned, I think Europiens just don't feel a need to buddy up to strangers like Americans do. Plus the kids play differently. American kids will spontaneously start playing with what ever kid is around. But these kids were funny. They literally followed my rather wild and somewhat goofy child around staring at him in awe. American kids love him, because he's kind of the class clown type.Overall opinion: Great, but not perfect. But I think perfection is over rated. Historically, I have had more fun at funky off the beaten path places any way. So go and have a blast!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't recommend!! My husband and I went with another couple March 7-14, 2005. We had some initial reservations about going to this hotel but we all thought that we could make a good time out of any situation. Not so! We arrived on Monday and by wednesday evening the boys were in the bathroom for basically the rest of our trip. Breakfast was the only time we didn't mind the food. Lunch and dinner were pretty much the same everyday and tasted aweful. We did try the Mexican restaurant one night and that was alright. My husband couldn't even finish his meal before having to run back to our room. The rooms aren't anything special and our A/C didn't work when we got there but it was fixed by late that evening. This was our fourth time on vacation and we were thoroughly disappointed. We've never had to pay for the use of an in-room safe before. The cocktails are absolutely disgusting. 3/4 booze and 1/4 pop that has no fizz in it. The blender drinks were barely frozen and didn't taste good at all. The peacocks on the property we kinda cool at first but then that's all your hear after awhile is them squawking and making noise. They also like to stand on the railing while your eating and walk around on the floor looking for scraps. There are so many negatives, it's unreal. The pool by the front desk was dirty all the time and the one by the 6000 building had tons of sand at the bottom of it. The whirlpool had floaters in it that looked liked dead skin. That was really gross. Not once did I ever see anyone cleaning the pools, only people testing the chlorine levels. If punta cana is where you definetly want to go then I suggest you come up with an extra $100-$200 and seriously considering booking another resort. For the budgeted people out there, try puerto plata. We went there our first 2 years and spent approx. $800 per person and stayed at a 3 star hotel(Riu) and had a blast both years. Granted I think that no matter where you stay in the Dominican, the food is going to be different, you're still better off anywhere but Carabela. We spoke to few other americans and they seemed to feel the same way about everything. The hotel seems to caters to europeans who by the way are extremely rude. I've never been cut off while trying to get something to drink or eat so many times in my life. It's like they look right past you. While walking down the pathways, they don't make room for others to get by. A few times I was literally in the bushes on the side of the pathways. I could go on and on but I won't. All I have to say is Don't go. Believe it or not, I do have one positive to mention. The weather was great but that's it. Good luck and I suggest you do some research before taking your next vacation.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>5th Avenue Girl
<Content>We had a great stay at Carabela Bavaro Club Resort We had a wonderful stay. The accomadations were great and the food was great also. It was very relaxing with no pressure to do anything that we didn't want to do. We met alot of good people which we have kept in touch with since we got home. I would definately book at this resort again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The weather was great but.... Just got back yesterday from punta cana. We went March 7th through the 14th. I read the reviews before we left and I though it should'nt be to bad.Like everyone says the grounds are beautiful. The water is beautiful.We had great weather,nice and hot.We first had a room in the 2000's they were so-so nothing special.We had to move though we could'nt stand the noise. A big group of european kids came in on the 2nd day of our stay.Yelling in the hall,trying to get in our room at 2:30 in the morning just plain rude. I understand kids will be kids but come on.We complained at the front desk and we got to move the next day.We got a room in the 6000's, it sucked. The air comditioning did'nt work and mosquitoes were everywhere. We complained about the air day after day but no one ever fixed it, it was hot in there.I found a cockroach in our room,little tiny ants in the shower, spiders and all the mosquitoes.I thought it was dumb you have to pay extra for a safe key. I've stayed at alot of other resorts and that's always included.The breakfast was good. Lunch and dinner was gross.It seemed allright for the first day or two,but it got to be desgusting after that. Birds landing on the food,flies on the food.I think the food was more for european people. Which by the way was most of the clientel. They were very rude and obnoixous.I was not impressed. Their are 4 of us that went and we all got sick. My boyfriend is going to the doctor in the morning because he's still sick.Kind of scary.We don't know if it's from the food or what?The drinks that they make there suck too.We payed 1,100 dollars per person to go there, it's the most we ever payed for 8 days. We will never go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than Snow! I went to Carabela on the week of March 6-13 2005 and I didn't get off to that good of a start. We were in Pearson Airport for 9 hours because of some problem with a part on all A310 Airbus planes. So we were quite upset because we were there at 3:30am until we left at 1:00pm. When we got to Punta Cana Airport it was kind of cloudy and rainy so it was just as well we missed a rainy day. Our first impression of the lobby was quite nice, and the people at the front desk were nice. ROOM: Our first room did not have power, so I went to the desk and they gave me a new room within 5 minutes. The second room we got was better but not sufficient. The balcony door did not lock, and we were on the bottom floor so I did not feel safe leaving my room with all my stuff in it (as much as we did have a safe, you can't fit everything in it!) So I went to the desk the next day and they said I couldn't get another room until Tuesday. So we were going to just except it and stay. On tuesday the maid broke her swipe card off in the door, so we couldn't leave. The 3rd room wouldn't be ready until 1 so one of us had to ultimately stay in the room at all times. Well 3rd time is a charm. The 3rd room we got was in one of the newer buildings in the 10000 block right near a quiet and absolutely beautiful pool. FOOD: Very boring. No variety. Over the whole week I mostly ate salad, bread and rice. Chicken on some days. The food was the same every day. No theme nights and only 10 things to choose from. 6 of them are meat. Rabbit, lamb, beef, turkey, sometimes chicken, squid, octopus, seafood, potatoes (usually cold) and rice. Some veggies but only one dish. I ate grilled cheese for breakfast every morning. There breakfast is exactly the same every morning. Eggs (boiled, scrambled, and sunnyside up) My boyfriend really liked their omelettes they make for you while you wait. They had bacon, but it was very fatty, or burnt, and usually always cold. There beachside grill has fries, burgers, raw hotdogs, and pizza. But I never even got a chance to have a slice. There pizza was gone an hour after they opened. You had to get lucky if you got a slice. Their a la cartes were ok. The Italian wasn't really good, Mexican was good, but they only give you 2 wraps with the Chicken Fajitas, and a huge plate of chicken. The funniest thing is that their ceasar salad they offer you as a starter, has mayo on it, not ceasar dressing, and almost every dish comes with an anchovy on it. Which causes a problem when you are allergic to seafood. The International a la carte was the best I think. The chicken served with an alfredo butter sauce was great! and for US$15 you can get a huge caribbean lobster. Thats what my boyfriend and inlaws ordered, and they said it was amazing!DRINKS: 2/3 rum 1/3 mix. I advise anyone to take their time with their drinks. But every resort is like that. If you drink too much in the sun, you will be sick, and sick again and sick again. I was up all night long one night toss my cookies like there was no tomorrow! Gravol works wonders, but be ready for a wicked hangover and weakness, because there is no Gatorade down there to replace your electrolites. Mojitos will be the death of me!!BEACH: Their beach is nice, ample shade, and sun. But I don't like the look of the palm trees right on the shore because they are eroding and you can see all the roots, and it looks very ugly. POOL: There pools were beautiful no complaints. Well except for the noisy Spain students that came later on in the day and shouted and sang all night long. RESORT itself: Pretty, very well maintained, you will always see someone cleaning.ENTERTAINMENT: what entertainment? There wasn't any until Wednesday. and when there was it was the same every single night. Same dances, same dancers missing steps. If you go for the entertainment, don't go here.TRIPS: Definately do the Glass Bottom Boat, its a cheap trip to the reef, and if you talk him into it, he will let you go snorkling off the side of the boat. He feeds the fishys and they swarm like a wall around you, its sooooo beautiful. Take an underwater camera and look at all the pretty zebra yellow fishys. I also went ATVing. A piece of advice, don't go on the back, get your own atv. Do not ride double. I have never been more scared for my life. There roads are very poor and you bump around a lot! It was so fun though. Just scary. To wrap it up, I would only suggest this resort for someones first time. If you've been to another resort don't go here you will be dissappointed in comparison. I know we were. But like I said before ANYTHING IS BETTER THAN SNOW!!!!!ciao!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected               
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great experience My friends and I went to club carabela on the week of feb 13-20 2005. They accomodated our request when we asked to exchange our room. We got a room in the 6000 building which had a great ocean view. The room was clean and they gave us extra towels and lots and lots of hangers when we asked for them. Housekeeping left us flowers on the 3 and fifth day of our stay. The a la carte restaurants were great except for la creperie which was windy, cold and the food was good but let's just say it's an acquired taste. The mexican a la carte had great Chicken burrito! yum! It was quiet and the beach was a little small but the colour of the water was memorable! My friends and I had a great time at the this resort. In terms of nightly activities you could probably go to the Grand Flamenco's Mangu because we didn't find the resort's very entertaining. Plus, for some reason mosquitoes liked to bite me and not my two friends. They had 3 pools. The buffet took some getting used to and I mostly stuck with pasta and bbq but, the desserts were satisfactory. Oh yeah, their drinks were made out of 3/4 alcohol and 1/4 for whatever else it's supposed to taste like. Ugh. The bahama mama, banana daquiri and some chocolate concoction I can't remember the name of it. All in all, I loved this resort and wouldn't mind going back again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tramar
<Content>A Near Perfect Getaway!       Beach  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crappymcgee
<Content>Beautiful ... I stayed at Carabela from 1/1/05-1/8/05, and had a fantastic time. The hotel itself is beautiful - well groomed grounds, nice architecture, several nice pools, etc.Good things: The drinks are fantastic! Try the banana daquiries and the pina coladas! The rooms are nice as well - don't listen to people who tell you to ask for the 6000 building - ask for the 10000 - it's not beachfront, but it's newer, cleaner, more comfortable and has an opaque window into the shower (woo-ee!) The pool is MUCH nicer there too. If you eat ONLY at the gourmet restaurant, the Italian joint, or the Mexican place, you'll be OK. We went on a trip into Bad things: The mattress was a little hard. The nightlife wasn't great, but we ended up going to bed early anyway. Going into town can be scary, the townspeople can be very pushy. Also, stay away from the main buffet as much as possible. Not so good! My boyfriend found a ROCK in his beans! Ewww... But the other places to eat are great and very easy to book (and free!)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of Paradise We stayed at the Carabela for a week in Feb, 2005. It was fabulous. The employees are beautiful, gracious, and a joy to be around. No request goes unfulfilled. Rooms very pretty, spacious, clean,good air conditioning, good beds. Food is local and interesting, and mostly deliner 7-10. Snack bar 12-5) The grounds are dreamy, as is the beach. Cleancious. The buffet main dining room is open-air and simply beautiful. Service incredible. The 3 pools are gorgeous, and the water is perfect temp. After dinner, people gather on the large veranda and it is like being in Spain on a gorgeous eve. Very cosmopolitan, very few Americans. Makes for a great get-away. No cars on premises, no need to carry money, just so care-free. Get a pina colada, ice cream cone, anything, any time! (Actual hours of restaurants are: breakfast 7-10; lunch 12-3; diner than near-by resorts. Lots of palm trees all over! So you can always be in the shade if you want. Nice shop for souvenirs and sharp clothing. Or you can simply walk through an arch at one end, and you are in a little town wiith more (and a bit cheaper especially with bargaining) shopping. The whole place is just dreamy. We have only 2 negative comments: 1) It can be a bit noisy at times. There is a show every night 9-11 which blasts all over, and dancing at one of the pools for a couple hours mid day with loud music. Of course it is nice Latin music, not hard rock! You can't hear any of this down at the beach (which is about a one minute walk!!) . 2) We took a tour to Catalina Island. We didn't enjoy anything about it. Long bus ride (over 2 hrs. each way) and the snorkeling was a big disappointment, and the lunch wasn't good---our stomachs were queasy for 2 days----so don't go on that tour! TNT was fabulous. Everything went like clock work: we walked out of the airport (wait until you see that!!! Amazing.) and a uniformed young man whisked us into an air cond. van and were at the hotel within minutes. Great. So, in conclusion, we highly recommend this trip!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SNOWLOVER
<Content>Beautiful Beach I went to this resort at the end of January with a group of 12. Everyone loved the beach! It is so beautiful with soft white sand and the water....the water was clear blue-green...just beautiful! There are lots of palm trees, a few soft pine trees and a clear area if you wanted more sun. There was plenty of lounge chairs. There is a bar at the beach that serves wonderful drinks. They also have a snack bar that has really good fries. They also serve hotdogs, hamburgers, pizza and ice cream. The beach is just fantistic. They have actvities too.  The buffet was good with a variety of foods. There are also 3 other restraunts that you have to make reservations for. They were really good too.   The grounds were awesome, just beautiful. The peacocks are a nice touch and they don't bother you.  The people were really nice. Most could speak a little english, communication wasn't difficult.  The rooms are good sized and clean. New towels everyday, no washcloths though, so if they are a necessity to you, bring your own. Our air wasn't cool enough for me, but I didn't die. The tv was small but I didn't go there to watch tv. One couple in our group had tiny ants in the bathroom, but nobody else did.   I was really pleased with this hotel. Everything is in short walking distance and really close. We saw other hotels that had little trains taking people to where they had to go. This isn't like that...everything is right there for you...the beach, the restraunt, the casino. It is a very cozy place. Bottle water is readily available everywhere too.  Right next to the hotel is the town where you can buy everything you need. That is an experience in its self. If you don't want anything just be firm...not rude. Make it fun....the people are really nice.  I had such a wonderful time at this place. I would definately recommend it to anyone that wants to have a relaxing time. I'm so glad I didn't pay attention to the poor reviews. Peoples opinion varies... I thought it was wonderful.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Captain_Cheer
<Content>Loved it My girlfriend and I spent a week at this resort from the 22nd to the 29th of January 2005. We loved this place. The Grounds - This resort has beautifully manicured gardens throughout. The plants are super and the little tropical pond infront of the main entrance with its flamingoes and peacocks is quite impressive. The reception hall, the 3 pools and all the buildings are pleasing to the eye. The peacocks roaming the gardens give you the feeling that you are truly in nature. Food and Beverage - The all inclusive food buffet was really fantastic, over the week, we found everything we could possibly think of. Beef, Pork, Goat, Rabbit, Turkey, chicken, Fish, Seafood .. you name it we had it. They have an open grill where the selection of meat is cooked fresh infront of your eyes. They have food trays with rice, vegetables, stews, pasta and almost anything you can dream of. Breakfast had all possible breads, muffins, danish, crecents, rolls and toast plus all possible egg combinations cooked infront of your eyes as you request them. There is a salad buffet, a desert buffet, a cheese buffet, a bar .. its all totally delicous. The a la carte dinners in the Mexican, Italian and International Restaurents provided us with special romantic evening dinners. The food was as good as that of the Buffet.  Service - The people at the reception where super helpful, very supportive and curtious. The phone operator, the Internet provider, the bagage handlers, the room cleaning staff, the waiters, the barmen, the entertainment staff, the sport and aqua center staff were a joy to deal with. They are all worth every single $ tip we gave them. Room - We had a room on the second floor of building 6000. It had a view of the beach. It had two double {queen ?} beds that were super comfortable despite the fact that the bed is a wood board base instead of a box spring. The sheets, pillow cases, towels were changed. Toilet paper, soap, shampoo was ample. We left a $ for the room service lady every day. Our room was always impecable. There are many buildings that face the beach. Buildings 1000, 5000, 7000 and 8000 are just as good as the 6000. The best of them all is building 9000 which only has junior suites with a king size bed and costs $25 more per person per night based on double occupancy. Beach - The beach had great white clean soft sand with many coconut trees and 100's of beach chairs. It was never a problem to find beach chairs or fresh beach towels at any time of day. The beach is protected by a coral reef running parrallel to the shore at about 300 meters out. The water is pure turquoise blue. The beach bar was great, the Hamburger, hot dog, fries and pizza all day beach snack service was really good between breakfast and lunch and between lunch and dinner. The entertainment group provided disco music, aerobic classes, resort dance practice and volly ball tournaments. Aqua Centre - The aqua center had Kayaks and Catamarans that you need to book. We always got the Catamaran at the hour we booked it. There is snorkelling equipment, but unless you are a very good swimmer and able to swim about 300 meters to the coral reef, you will not be able to do any snorkeling. We had to pay $ 20 each to get a motorboat to take us to the reef for an hour of snorkeling and bring us back. There is diving equipment and there are many excursions, like party boat, catamarn snorkeling, safari, manatee parc, Saona Island visit by Catamaran and other activities.These can all be booked at the aqua center. Night life - The entertainment group performed super dance shows on the huge resort theatre everynight. There were very funny shows where the guests participated. After the show, it was everybody to the Disco and Salsa till 3 in the morning. There are also a couple of bars on the shopping strip outside the hotel and of course the Carabela Casino. Shopping - There is a street just outside the hotel running parallel to the beach. It is called El Cortesico and its just full of shops. All the shop keepers want to invite you to see their store. They have very nice things. Their Starting prices are completely out of touch with world reality. Generally you start bargaining at 25% of the asking price and finish buying at 30% of what they ask. The Merchants also come inside the resort with their tables on Friday night and they offer everything for sale. Still you bargain with them the same way as when you visit thier store. The only reasonable prices are in the Airport when you are leaving the country. The locals food and Rhum store is outside the hotel main entrance. Take a right till the end of the road and then take a left. Its about a 300 meter walk. Rhum at the local price costs about 70% of what is asked in the tourist stores. Carabela was really a great experience for us .. we loved it .. we recommend it .. we would return back to it in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaymah2004
<Content>It was Great! Ok, so this place gets reviews that run the gamut, right? Well, I am so glad I didn't listen to the poor reviews. I went with my family from 12-26-4 till 1-2-05 and we had a fantastic time. I would recommend it for anyone who hasn't been to the carribbean before (like me). Maybe the poor reviews came from people who had been to much nicer resorts (with golf courses, etc). The hotel grounds are beautiful. Everyday we saw gardening crews working outside to keep it that way.Some buildings are older than others. Also, just so you know, some have been renovated more recently than others, but you can't tell from the outside. We started out in the 7000 block but had to move (no big deal) and ended up in the 2000 block. The 7000 still uses real keys and hasn't been renovated. Whereas the 2000 has keycards, and much nicer bathrooms, closets, etc. Oh, and the TV is much nicer in the newer block, although HBO and CNN are the only english channels :)There is always a bar open somewhere close to where you are all day! I never had to even wait for a beer, or rum and coke for mom. The beer is Presidente, and i found it to be really good. As for reviews that state that there is no food available during the day, we did not encounter this. Breakfast is served 7-10. Lunch is 12-3. The beach grill is open from 12-5 and is really good by the way. and dinner is 7-930pm. If you can't make it the 2 hours between 5 and 7, i recommend you bring some Pringles or something. I highly recommend you make reservations for any of the a la carte restaraunts. No one seems to take advantage of them, and they are great. There is no extra cost to go to them. The gourmet restaraunt was our favorite and we ate there 2x.The shows are ok, but I personally thought they were slow to get moving. My brother and I tried the disco a few nights, and it was actually nicer than we thought it would be. You do have to buy your drinks in there, but they were like 2bucks.On New Years Eve, they had a huge gala, and sat everyone at once (we figured close to 1,000 people were there! It was great and a different way to ring in the new year.The casino is right by the entrance to the hotel and was alot of fun too. Very clean (cleaner than vegas or foxwoods). My mom hit $150 on a 25cent slot, so I can't say the slots are fixed to lose :)We took one excursion on the ATV tour and I highly recommend that too. We all enjoyed it.I called home to the US one time from the hotel phone bank, and it cost me about $1.20US per minute, with no connection fee. not bad.The beach has alot of trees at it. And not graceful swaying palms, more like prickly pine trees. If we had one complaint, it was that the beach wasn't as nice as we envisioned it to be (probably been looking at my desk calender pictures too long)...One word of warning, the Punta Cana Airport moves slower than frozen mollasses uphill. I couldn't believe how many flights were delayed and in various stages of being cancelled. I saw a guy in the airport that i met at the hotel who left the day before me and was still waiting in the airport (read: delayed 24hrs+) when i was there!Overall, don't worry about the other bad reviews and enjoy your vacation here!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>naturegyrl
<Content>be careful what you eat at the buffet My friend and I went to Club Carabela Bavaro on november 28 to december 5 2004. We enjoyed the grounds and the beach. The service was ok but nobody spoke english which made it hard to communicate. The second night there i had diaherra extremely bad through the night. The next day i got up and felt very weak. We had a tour booked for that day but had to cancel it for 4 days. By noon that day I was so sick and weak and still had diaherra , so my friend took me to the doctor on the resort. I had intervenous in my arm for 8 hours that day and continued to take medication for 3 days after that. The doctor put antibiotics, electrolytes, and vitamins through my intervenous that day. About 3 days after that i started feeling abit better but not 100%. I only ate bread and rice for the remaining time. I've been home now for a little over a month and I am still not feeling the way I should. I've been to my doctor on a regular basis since i've been home. When we arrived in Toronto, there was alot of talk about a Malaria outbreak where we were. I wish we would have known about that before we left. The resort is beautiful but be very careful what you eat. I don't think i would go back to that same resort again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steve-PC-DR
<Content>pretty good over-all This was my first time in the Caribbean (1/8/05-1/15/05) and to start off it is simply beautiful! As for the resort it was OK. Pretty much what I expected for the price. It is probably one of the cheaper resorts in Punta CanaGOOD THINGS: The resort is very well kept. The staff is very friendly, and the beach is fabulous! anotrher great thing was our leison from TNT vacations who kept regualr hours and was very helpfullTHE OK THINGS: The drinks are Ok. The only beer they have is Presidente which is all right, however it is draft only! and I hate draft, so that was a problem for me. As for the rest of the hard local drinks they were all good. The imported booze is at an additional cost which is reasonable. Also, the market next to the resort. It is well...a market in a 3rd world country. They want to sell you everything. They start the bartering off at prices very very high, but you can get them down to reasonable prices. for example they will ask for $15 for a t-shirt (after haggling for about 25 minutes I got 5 for $20). Also be mind full that they all want you to come into their store which can become frustrating after a while. So, If you do not want to feel like bartering or being harassed to go into a store, then stay away from the market, the people in the market are all nice though and we never felt threatened. Another OK think is the nightly show. It changes from night to night and is interactive with the audience.THE BAD THINGS: the food!! is horendous!! the meat is tough and gamey especially in the buffet. We also got diarrhea one day, which is always a downer, to say the least. The food in the other restaurants is a little better. Another bad thing is the fact that we could not use the calling cards we bought. We bought one in the market which was legit (Verizon) and they said that the hotel doesnt use them? which seemed like BS to me.OVERALL: this resort is OK, if you get a good price, becasue when you see the other resorts that have golf courses, tennis courses, and basketball courts, you feel you've been slighted. but overall it was pretty good--feel free to contact me with any questions  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good resort Went to this resort in nov. 2004. We were very pleasantly surprised. Beautiful grounds, nice shaded beach, 3 pools, friendly staff. The list goes on. Food was overall very good, 3 ala carte's tried the italian and the mexican, the chicken fajita's were great. Our room was kept very clean, we left small tips for the maid every few days. The rooms are not fancy but the balcony overlooking the beach was great. Our room was not musty, we had a second floor room, I think that helps in this regard.So many staff at the hotel that no-one seems rushed. The bars were all open every day, the staff try to speak english and we tried to speak spanish so we got along fine. There are a great number of european visitors to this hotel, not many english speaking people, so if you are going to meet people it may not be the best place. Overall we were very happy with our vacation, got it for an excellent price, had a woderful relaxing time.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel is rated a 4*. it should be rated a 3*. The food is not varied and not very good. The fish is over cooked. A rat walked out of the kitchen in the mexican restaurant. In the rooms: shower problem, patio door would not lock, we had to ask to have a bath mat. The langouste served at the restaurant El Mirante were burned and they charge 15$ us for it. They do not have huts or umbrella to protect for the sun at the main pool. At our arrival when we pickup the keys they should explain to us what we have to do to get beach towels. The fruit juices are the various bars are not made of fresh fruits. They are very much diluted and not tasty.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwightdevitt
<Content>What we expected! We just got back from a weeks vacation from the Carabela (Nov. 4th through 11th) and would like to assure you that all of the previous reviews have their merits. This is why this site works so well.We found that with reading the reviews, we got exactly what we expected; a no frills vacation in a very nice location. The best things were the beach and colourful (Canadian spelling!) caribbean water. We walked to the North (left) past many other resorts, and found that many were in various states of repair from the heavy winds and rain from the edge of the Hurricanes that passed by. These other resorts offered no better beach, trees, pools, or activities.The shopping was as previously described (go to see Pedro at Los Pinos Plaza on the street to the left (North) of the resort. He has the shop with the sand floor and broken signs. Paintings are the same and are mucho cheapo). We bought a very nice painting for $30 that was 40x32.The rooms were clean but not fancy. We stayed in 6106  6107 (we took our three boys 13, 11,  8). TV is small, but works well, shower/tub was clean with lots of hot water. Others we met had hot water for only one day!? Locks were of the key variety, and we took the tags off so if they got lost, no one would know which room we were in. Ask for the safe key ($10 USD), and if you use more than one room, get it for a different room # and take off the tag as well. Our only complaint would be that the AC just keeps up with the temperature, so it runs all the time. This isn't the problem, the problem is that the noise is hard to put out of your mind as you sleep. We always take ear plugs when we camp or vacation, so we survived well. we only used them for two nights as we got used to the white noise.The food was average. The buffet was geared to Europeans, so it had a very flat taste with not many spices. We found that we could always find enough to eat, and our one picky eater son was even happy with the food. We especially enjoyed the 3 A la Carte restaurants. The best was probably the mexican, with a close tie to the Admirale (have the flaming Shish Kabobs. Make reservations at lunch for that evening. When we went, they never had more than 6 or 7 couples at one time?!The bar was also average with the Pina Coladas and Daquiris coming from slurpee machines and tasting too sweet. We cut them with soda water to our liking. We ended up liking the coco loco and marguaritas the best. Try them all!The nightly entertainment was very poor at the theater. Trust me and avoid wasting your time, and sit in the hotel lobby bar area, or adjacent courtyard seating, and enjoy the crowd. This is also the best bar for blended drinks.Our younger boys enjoyed feeding bread to the peacocks, ducks, and fish at the lobby ponds. It was a ritual after each meal.We didn't venture out on any tours, but would have selected the glass bottom boat tour and snorkel for $20 USD each adult / $10 USD each child, but our kids weren't interested enough. We met two couples who went on the Safari tour (or something like it) and were quite disappointed. Poor weather, transportation, didn't stop at locations as promised, some poorly selected stops and activities, and they went on from there.We experienced no bugs during the day, but my wife and 8 year old got mosquito bitten on a couple of nights. we wore no repelent, and found that if you kept your doors shut, and a towel under the door when you were in your room, this seemed to solve the problem. We didn't see one cockroach, nor hear of anybody else seeing any.We did hear of one other party having dramatic stomach problems and their 8 month old spent some time in the hospital for dehydration. We were all told NOT to drink the water, but the bar used it to rinse the blenders all the time. Three out of us five experience a slight problem with our downstairs plumbing (hint hint), but this didn't cause us to not have an active day, or feel ill. Truthfully it wasn't a big deal.Our only disappointment was with the couple of times the other guests acted rudely (non english speaking people can be absolute pigs at times). My wife grabbed my arm several times as I was going to rip someones head off if she didn't (imagine this from a Canuck?!).Overall, we got exactly what we expected, and for a lot less than similar vacation spots in the past. Would we go back? Maybe if we went with friends next time, but we want to see other places too. We have been to Maui, Cancun, Cozumel, Playa del Carmen, as well as two cruises through the Caribbean, and this location has as good a beach as we have ever seen anywhere. The waves aren't as good as Cancun or Maui, but that's not for everybody.You'll get a great location, somewhat average food and bar, but spend a lot less (20 - 25%) than comparible resort areas.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only if you get a very good deal We (married couple mid 30s) stayed at the Carabela from 13 - 27 oct 2004 in room 7110 near the quiet pool. This was our 2nd time in DR. Last year we stayed at the Jack Tar Resort (Occidental Allegro resort) in Peurta Plata. We also have experience with All Inclusive resorts (Riu Tequila and Royal Decameron) in Mexico. Price/Quality ratio: This was by far the cheapest trip we made to an All In resort (?20/$960 for 2 weeks per person with flight  all extra cost included). This was a very good deal. Food: Selection at the buffet was small, all the basic stuff were present. The a la cart restaurant were very good. The Mexican (El Mariachi) was the best. We really enjoy mexican food. The French (El Amirante) was also very good. The Italian (Mama Mia) comes in third. All the main courses were very good. Only the desserts did not do it for us.Staff: We have mixed emotions on this. The entertainment was good and the staff at the restaurant were great, but the guys at the bar near the lobby were a bit cranky.Rooms: The bathroom was very out of date. Room was spacious and clean. ok, but some problems. Rooms 7117-7124, 7217-7224, 7317-7324 have sea view balcony. We did not have that.Grounds: very beautifull. Above average.Beach: Under Average. If you are on the beach and facing the sea, to the left there are other resorts with very beautifull beaches. White sand, broad and with lots of palm trees, unlike the Carabela beach.Overall we had a very good time. The weather is great. We had some rain showers, but no show stoppers. We loved the walk along the beach. It went for hours on end. The drinks (cocktails) were very good (strong). Excellent. We met some beautifull people. Population is 95% european.Recommendation: only if you get a very good deal. If you have a larger budget, I would recommend you do some more reseach and compare the Carabela with the other resorts.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Ever Again I arrived Sunday Oct 3/04 for a week, a family of 4 (kids 5 10yrs). Door lock didn't work and after 4hrs of calling and walking to the Reception, they finally came to change the lock. Same day at 11PM door lock not working again. Insisted on a room change. Got room 3103 with no A/C and I slept on a mattrass and pillow without sheets as housekeepers already left for the day. We changed 4 rooms in 5nights. Hotel has problems with all his A/C systems due to the hurricane but still is talking our money. They shold had shut it down for repairs before accepting guests. MOre than 50% of thier rooms were shut down. Finally we checked out and stayed at the LTI which was excellent. A real 4 Stars Resort ! Service at Carabela was terrable and so was the beach. This is not a 4 stars hotel. It's less that 1 star. Pls email if you would like more detials. I asked for the General Manager 5 times but to no avail. BAD BAD BAD!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average to above average holiday Pluses: Very nice ocean one of the nicest beaches I have seen. The grounds are excellent, very well groomed. Food was overall pretty good a-la-cartes helped that. Staff overall pretty good but with most of guests from Europe english speaking hard to find. Topless women on the beach-Wow!Minuses: Room air conditioning struggles, it totally quit 2nd night there and they wanted us to wait till morning to find another room(28 degrees I don't think so!). Ocean is great but sounds like Indy 500 with all the power assisted boats going by all day. Pool is unswimmable by mid day because of soup-like temperature and guests who mis use it all day long  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Second time there and we would return for a third Wow, I was just reading some of the reviews and I can't believe what some people will say!!! I just returned from Punta Cana, from August 10th to the 17th. Let me say that it's our second time there with the same resort. And let me tell you that we had no problems both times with insects, bugs or whatever you want to call them inside the room. But do bring bug spray cause there are insects outside, lol. Our stay was pleasant and even better then the last time we stayed there and it was also cheaper. We paid $1750 for two with airfare include with TNT Vacations from travelzooRooms:We recommend putting in a request by email (---------------------------------------) or via the telephone (-----------) for your room choice, the 6000's are the best rooms. They face the ocean and you are located by the pool which the call the quite pool. This pool in not the pool with the swim bar. The rooms are clean and we got new towels everyday. You must put ur dirty towels in the tub in order to get your new towels which is stated in bold letters in the bathroom broucher. It also helps leaving a tip on ur pillow or counter to help the maids out. Hint: Make sure to get a safe key for $10 bucks in order to use the safe. Food:The food was great and there is something for everyone and it's far from disgusting. Now there are 3 restuarants that one can go to instead of two. There is the Italian restuarant, the Mexican and the A-la-Carte. Both the Italian and Mexican restuarants are not enclosed, however the A-la-Carte restuarant which is located right next to the buffet is air-conditioned, also at this restuarant you can order seafood at an extra cost or pick from the all- inclusive menu. Beach:Beach was clean and of course beautiful. The water was also clean and we recommend renting the free snorkling equipment and going snorkling right off the beach in front of the suites. You see as many fish as you would see going on a snorkling trip. There is also a really nice reef near the fiesta hotel which is left of carabela. To rent any of the free equipment one needs there credit card or $50 as a deposit. There are also kayaks, windsurfs etc.the beach also has a snack bar between the mexican and italian resturantes. There is also a self serving bar near the suites on the beach and another near the water sports. So they are pretty spread out.For our second time back we had an amazing time. The Club Carabel Bavaro Hotel is a great hotel for a great price and surpassed our expectations for a second time. We also booked with TNT vacations and took Coco-tours. By the way Coco-tours is just a transportation company, not a travel company. So its impossiable for them to take care of problems regarding your hotel. These problems should be taken up with your travel company :)  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again If you want to go and see what Punta Cana has to offer, DO NOT stay at the Carabela. I just got back and the experience was horrible. To begin, my boyfriend and I get a room in the 3000 building that is old and dirty. The view was nice, we overlooked the big pool. However, we were infested with cockroaches and the hotel employees did NOTHING about it. We complained and I think my boyfriend and I were pretty nice about it considering. And their response was, It's normal. All they did was spray the room which only led to us finding 2 more dead ones. DISGUSTING!! We tried not to let this ruin our experience in Punta Cana but how could it not. We complained and demanded a new room. That only took them three days to finally give us one. Now we had to waste three hours of our vacation packing up to re-locate. They didn't even do send someone to carry our bags. So two nights before we are to leave we move to the 2000 building. Those accomodations were a little better. The room looked newer and we actually had a card to get in the room. In the 3000 building you get a key that doesn't even work and the door was bascially broken. The television was fuzzy and they do not have remote controls. The lighting is horrible; you get one little lamp. Furthermore, the night before we leave our room in the 2000 building is completely humid from the AC. It was pumping out moist air. So again we had to complain and they finally changed our sheets but it didn't help. You felt like you were sleeping on a wet towel, not to mention that the mattresses are terrible. So we slept with the air off and the sliding door open. The cleaning people do not change your sheets or your towels. You have to literally pull them off the bed and from the bathroom, and throw them in the tub in order to get new ones. So we slept in dirty sheets until finding this out and probably were using the same towels too. We got no special room treatments or ammenities. Housekeeping was non-existent. Moreover, the food was disgusting in the buffet. Don't do all-inclusive. If anything, eat in the Mexican restaurant which was very good or go down the marketplace to Langoste Del Caribe. Very good and cheap. Overall, the grounds are beautiful but the quality and interior is pathetic. I would never recommend this resort or CoCo Tours for that matter. We complained to them and they did nothing about it. This is rated as a four star resort, it is more like 2 star. The roaches alone are enough to make you puke. And what was more annoying was the fact that there is nobody to complain to, nobody helps you and nobody gave us any kind of refund or comp for living in those conditions for 6 days. It is unsanitary. We also heard of people seeing roaches in the other buildings as well. Punta Cana has beautiful weather and beaches, but you need to stay at a 5 star resort in order to enjoy yourself. I would never go back and we DO NOT recommend this resort to anyone!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrific vacation! Best vacation ever! i have never had a better vacation then i did at hotel carabela! the people are friendly, food is delicious, great service and its just a great place to vacation with the whole family. I went with my family and we all enjoyed ourselves very much! As soon as we got off the plane and entered tha airport, i knew this was going to be a great vacation. We were welcomed with a live group of musicians playing their instruments, and also took pictures with women dressed in traditional dominican clothing. we were able to purchase the pictures before our flight back home. once we got to the resort, we had dinner and went to the show they had on that night. it was wonderful and entertaining. we had so much fun on the days that followed. there was something to do for everyone. there were activities for people of all ages, always sports, water activities, aerobics, tons of music and everyone trying to get a tan under the beautiful carribean sun. the beach was also very beautiful, we enjoyed just walking along the sand, and taking in the breathtaking view. I assure you, on this vacation u will never be hungry! theres something to satisfy everyones tastes, from salad bars, to seafood, pasta to any kind of meat or poultry you can think of, youll definantly enjoy your dining experience. also, on the beach there is a place where you can get fries, hot dogs, burgers and drinks all included. near each pool there is a bar where you can get any drink you want. Although we didnt go, there was also a night club which we heard was reaaally good. There was only one thing we didnt enjoy and that was, there werent many Americans there, mostly french and german, there were probably in 5 american families in the whole resort, but we still had a GREAT time. ive already started to book our next vacation and its definantly going to be there...i hope u guys go there, definantly a vacation we will never forget!p.s. soooo much more that i left out, go and see for yourself!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for an inexpensive vacation! Me and my husband stayed at the Carabela during March 17-24, 2004. The airport was incredible was open with no windows and leaves from Cana trees' as a roof. The resort grounds are beautiful and always kept clean. There are about 7 male and 7 female peacocks that roam around. Not sure why other reviews had a problem with them, but we didn't. It makes the resort more exotic and tropical. Don't forget to get a safe key for $10 when you first check-in because they don't ask you. The day before our departure I called to check which room we will be in. We were scheduled to be in the #3000 building so after hanging up I e-mailed the resort to request a room in the #6000 building which faces the beach and quieter pool. At check in I found out they granted our request and got a room on 2nd floor of the #6000 building. Check in went quick as there were only 2 couples on our transfer bus that were dropped off at Carabela. You need to ask questions when you check otherwise they don't tell you anything about the property other than give you a room key.The language barrier was tough but we made do. We really just kept to ourself as everyone looks like they would speak english but really almost all the tourist speak French.The room was okay. There were two beds with no box springs which made them very uncomfortable. A frig with quiet ac. The housekeeper did not make the bed with clean sheets the whole week and often forgot to put clean towels in the bathroom. If you like to shower with a wash cloth, I suggest bring your own because they don't use them at the resort. The t.v. was no bigger than my computer screen and only had 3 english channels; hbo, sci-fi and cinemax. The rooms do not have alarm clocks only wake up calls from the lobby.The beach was great! There are a lot of trees but plenty of sun at the shore line. Chairs get claimed quick so before lunch I would go reserve a few with your towels otherwise you will not get one until the end of the day. The whole week was windy so the waves were pretty big. There were a few dogs on the beach but were very nice to pet if you wanted to. You could tell what women were French because they all walk around topless.The food was terrible! All the meat tastes wild so I didn't eat any of it. I stayed away from anything with eggs as I didn't want any poisioning. I only ate bread, pasta, potatoes and fruit. Every night we went to the buffet to see if there was anything good (never was) then we went to the Italian resaurant which was better for me as the pizza and pasta was better than anything at the buffet. Between the both we were able to find something to make us full. The one thing that totally grossed me out was at the buffets black birds flew around and picked at the food. We made sure we brought our own snacks.I did not go in any of the two pools as the beach was probably more sanitary and was overall more appealing. I did not drink any alcohol but was told it was good but much stronger than in the US. We were told not to drink the tap water as it will make you sick so we always made sure we had bottled water in our frig.There was basically no nightlife. The show that starts at 10:00 pm is very corney with really weird dancing. It was okay as I am open to all kinds of dancing but overall don't recommed going to see it. At night I got bit by bugs (maybe mosquitos) so I suggest bringing some Caladryl. Other than supper at 7:00 pm I didn't know of anything else to do but sleep which was okay after a long day.We did quite a few tours/excursions. The first was deep sea fishing. When we were in the D.R. it was windly every day so the waves were high. The fishing boat we went on was small and with 5-7 foot waves we all vomitted. In the D.R. safety is not thought about. Good thing we got back on land because I was getting scared with the high waves and the boat being thrown around and no land in sight. The other thing was snorkling which was very fun to see tons of fish because the guides would feed them to get them to come up. Another was 4-wheeling in the countryside/jungle. This was 3 hours long and you get dirty but the beautiful views were gorgous. We stopped to drink/eat coconut and water. Last thing as Monster Truck Safari was expensive at $85 pp but was well worth it. Took a but to Higuey which is the capital of the D.R. got to see the 2nd largest Basilica in the world. You take a big open bus which drives thru rivers and the countryside. Get to tour a tipical dominican house, school, sugar cane field and try sugar cane also tour a witch doctors house.Overall I would recommed going to Carabela Bavaro Resort. The food was terrible but what do you expect being in a different country...? I was very pleased with everything and would consider returning in the distant future.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel, service, location       front of the 6000's  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time and CHEAPE CHEAPE! The people who complain about this resort are absolutely nuts! My boyfriend and I went down with anothher couple for our college spring break. We wanted a relaxing , yet exciting vacation and we were 100% satisfied. When we arrived at the resort, we were amazed with how beautiful it really was. The pictures don't even show it's true beauty. Our beach was nicer than the surrounding resorts. The music is addicting and we ended up even buying the CD. The shows at night were kinda corny, but entertaining and a bit comical. The workers were unreal dancers. They mostly spoke spanish so it does help to know some. There were some things that this resort could work on. But if you're not picky, they shouldn't bother you too much. Such as, the bed smelled a bit weird and was extremely hard. However, the water pressure was not too bad as others as complained. The rooms were clean and the maid was willing to give great service and even put cute flowers on our bed. The food was not the highlight of the trip, but the fruit was good. The food was kinda greasy with not enough salt. But, we got by eating the delicious bread and desserts. Some of us did have little stomach aches from time to time and did make friends with the toilet but it was well worth it. What do you expect being in a foreign country? DEAL WITH IT! Make sure you do the banana boat and ask the guy to tip you over. It is AWESOME! The restaruants were decent and they weren't too crowded because most people don't make reservations. Enough with the bad, it was a great trip. This resort is one of the cheaper resorts and it was well worth the money. If you just want a laid back vacation on the beach, then this is the place. If you are looking for some excitement at night, you might want to leave the resort and go to MANGU, a dance club, which is a $8 cab ride to another resort. Some people from our resort stayed there until 7am the next morning. If you have any other questions...feel free to email me.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>three thumbs up we are a family of three and we stayed at the cara bela for two weeks from dec 14 to dec 28 2003. we researched the resort for months prior to booking and found a lot of conflicting opinions on this and other websites (some comments are from people who have never actually stayed at the resort!!??).weve done our share of travelling and we absolutely loved this resort.the grounds of this hotel are lush and beautiful with lots of interesting wildlife .....stunning (we took 7 rolls of film and 2 hours of video on this trip...i cant say enough about how gorgeous the property is).the room was basic but clean and comfortable and situated between the beach and the quiet pool. the larger pool with the swim up bar was where the activities were staged by the staff (not our thing) ,it was nice to have the choice. tip:the cappachino at the quiet pool bar is incredible.we thought the food at this resort was excellent..in fact, we stayed at the allegro in oct/nov 2002 and we all agree (including our 12 year old daughter) that the food at the carabela was far superior. the 2 alacarte restaurants were great as were the buffets...the staff put on an amazing gala christmas eve dinner...very classy. (if you dont like the food here..i'd love to come to your house for dinner..lol) they even had burgers and fries on the beach.the staff at this resort are friendly and helpful and seem genuinely surprised and pleased when you are polite and make an effort to speak the language ( we just printed some phrases off the net).as usual the dominicans were lovely people.it's mostly europeans staying at this hotel and they seemed to just want a quiet holiday...there was no drunkeness or hooliganism. we quite enjoyed the fact that you didnt hear much english...it felt like you were truly getting away from it all. (that said..we did meet some smashing canadians,americans, and brit's while we were there). be aware that a lot of people take advantage of the wide open smoking policy in this country.the village next door is an interesting diversion and has a grocery store,a pharmacy,and some restaurants to visit. the village also has the stalls hawking the tourist stuff. tip: it's a lot cheaper and stress free at the carabela gift shop.we never had a problem getting a sunny spot on the beach although i will admit that it would be better if they cut down some more trees.the beach frontage is very long so theres sun and shade whatever you wish. we found that the beaches at each hotel along this stretch had its own merits ie; the ocean bavaro had a huge expanse of open beach but the water was discusting-dirty with lots of seaweed. the fiesta's on the other side had large waves which you like or not (i loved it...me and my 12 y.o played there).the water at the carabela was clear and beautiful..mostly calm.we walked for miles in both directions and had a nose around some of the other resorts.you could walk down to a place called panama jacks to get a drink or capachino on your travels.overall we had a great time (with the pictures to prove it).looking forward to our next trip and hope you have a great one  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>parlay vou? Do you like tepid water for a shower? How about a box spring for a nice comfortable sleep filled week? Pillows that felt like knotted up rags in a pillow case? Getting up at the crack of dawn, off your box spring, to claim your territory on a lounge chair for the day? And above all the warm and friendly acceptance from the French as they curse at you under their breath, cut in front of others in line for food, not move when coming towards each other on the side walk, so you end up sending them on their way Detroit style off on the grass!!! Iey, eye, yaiah!!! Real simple folks... dont go!! The French? What a bunch of rude, dirty, no stylin slugs... The only thing i can thank them for is for allowing me to look at their women topless, and their was plent of that! Oui, Oui!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Family Resort Family of 3,( 2 adults  1 7 year old) We went with low expectations which were exceeded. This was a good, clean, relaxing place. Mostly Europeans, Germans, Spaniards and French, a few Canadians and any Americans must have been hiding. The food had very good variety, no line ups and was well prepared. ( Every dinner had chicken, fish x2, pork, beef, pasta, rice, potatoes, etc. ) It was a buffet serving approximately 900 people so you do have to allow for that. We tried the extra seafood dinner, as an extra, it was not very good at all and should be avoided. The cappuccino bar at one of the pools was a great treat but it did not open until 11:00 a.m. We saw families with members in wheelchairs and they appeared to be able to access the entire site. There is a doctor on site and we had to use him (diagnosis tonsillitis). The presence of medical care alleviates a lot of anxiety in the moment. We would recommend this place as a very good, affordable, family resort  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I can't wait to go back!!!!!! I absolutely loved this resort!!! O.K. I should probably add that this was my first resort experience, but I loved it none the less. I was a little leary when my traveling partners told me our vacation was going to be in the Domican Republic. Punta what, never heard of it, but who can beat the price. All the booze I can drink for free, count me in!! I visited the website and thought oh yeah it's beautiful on the site, but what will it really look like. I have to say that the website did not not truly depict the beauty of the grounds. When we stepped off the bus the place took my breath away. I was surprised to find that most of the staff were not fluent in english (thankfully I have 4 yrs of high school Spanish under my belt, so I was a least able to ask for another drink) Two of my 5 travel partners were native Columbians so when in doubt I was always able to defer to them. I liked the rooms, I'm not one for frill, so I found them quite comfortable. The restuarants were good. We ate mostly at the buffet. I was hoping that the food would not be just like home, so when I found that the buffet was packed with local cuisine I was quite happy. For those who are not as adventurous there are lucky 3 other restaurants on the grounds. I loved the beach, there were plenty of activities, banana boating(fun), ocean kayaking(fabulous, quite relaxing) para sailing, snorkeling, ping pong, beach aerobics (with hot instructors), dance lessons, pool side games, etc. You name it, we did it.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we had a wonderful time, super holiday we have just come back from a great holiday in the dominican republic, punta cana, and stayed in this hotel. The food was excellent, favorites of ours everyday on the menu. Dispayed with care, you could tell, they made it look beautiful everyday.all meals were excellent, and we enjoyed it very much. As for the room, it was good, comfortable, just wish the beds were a little more comfortable.Toilet and shower were very good, and worked well and we find that very important on a holiday.As for the cleaning of the room.................. was good, we had fresh flowers put in our room everyday, gave the girls a few dollars extra for doing a great job, as i know from experience its not an easy job.We loved the little flea market, just outside the hotel, was great to walk thru it , many times.Went to the famous lobster restaurant, captain cook, and a super lobster for dinner, and hubby has a red snapper, never seen such a large one before. The lobster was the best ive ever tasted and didnt cost very much, compaired to european prices for a lobster.As for the other personel, they were great, didnt speak much english, but with hands and feet you get everything done from them. We loved the peacocks wandering around the gardens, the flamingos, the ducks, made you feel very homely.The gardens were well kept, very clean. Lovely flora and fauna to be found in punta cana. This is our second holiday in dominican republic, first time was in sosua, but this one we enjoyed the most. Id recommend this hotel to anyone. We had a super time.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>deffinatelly not 4 stars   showReview(1130254, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rough at First but turned out GREAT   showReview(1118874, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very beautiful   showReview(923329, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway!   showReview(861017, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club carabella - A great getaway @ a good price.   showReview(857035, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Resort, Cheap Price, Nice Vacation   showReview(854521, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Book it!!!   showReview(834465, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice hotel for couples   showReview(682234, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Liked It   showReview(567918, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>do not book it   showReview(360821, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pascale7833
<Content>Fuyez ...   showReview(23454402, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	3	3	

<Author>brigadesud
<Content>vacances au carabela beach a oublier   showReview(23217888, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Prisko
<Content>Me encant todo   showReview(22552200, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>passarela
<Content>Htel correct   showReview(22299531, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>olivier-ali
<Content>du bon et du moins bon   showReview(21845871, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>zazaClermontFerrand
<Content>Sjour trs agrable !!!   showReview(21495790, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RocioFerrol
<Content>Relacion Calidad/ Precio muy buena   showReview(21026035, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Amaya45
<Content>Genial, volveria sin dudarlo   showReview(20998280, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>clalenapoli
<Content>bellissima settimana al carabela       playa bavaro carabela  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schnes Hotel der Mittelklasse   showReview(22954976, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BECC_1701
<Content>Alucine con las playas de Bavaro (Punta Cana)   showReview(20147797, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	1	4	2	

<Author>olga75
<Content>El paraso en la Tierra   showReview(19620871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>vienescomonuevo
<Content>si esto es crute que viva lo crute   showReview(19552165, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SiempreCaribe
<Content>Geniales vacaciones en el Carabela   showReview(19329897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>Mundua
<Content>Camiad el chip y disfrutad!!!   showReview(19232120, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Relaxurlaub vom Feinsten   showReview(22951666, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nadinama
<Content>Bon sjour au Carabela       restaurant  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>bucherone01
<Content>de superbes vacances       chambre 10307  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coeurmauricien
<Content>Si vas a este hotel no olvides Fortasec!!!!   showReview(17862111, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>LucyaNavarra
<Content>Con oferta, esta bien.   showReview(17824610, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Maxxxg
<Content>Plus qu'un 4 toiles       Un nombre incroyable de paons vous mangent dans la main  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bertou
<Content>le paradis sur terre       des jardins paradisiaques  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>lavanedelcaribe
<Content>Las cabaas del Caribe   showReview(16787940, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>annayuyu
<Content>Pros y contras       vista desde habitacion  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mel0073
<Content>Un superbe sjour   showReview(16512535, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>fistonxxx
<Content>Pour les qubecois qui aime les pinettes et le pepto bismol   showReview(16405352, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>rdg1958
<Content>Buen Hotel       Habitacin 10.113  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>facrespi
<Content>Muy Bueno   showReview(16259581, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>olitim
<Content>Dception   showReview(16117939, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>cecileetgael
<Content>Bon hotel sans plus   showReview(15982127, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>labb2609
<Content>Espectacular       La tipica imagen...  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>p2fabre
<Content>Agrable sjour dans cet Hotel       La piscine avec Jacuzzi  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	1	4	3	

<Author>paolamaipu
<Content>Sencillo, pero aceptable   showReview(15175810, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>kat082
<Content>Moyen   showReview(15085085, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Tityza
<Content>Retour du Carabela       piscine principale  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cwevette
<Content>C'tais super       bar et piscine de l htel  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>camisetas
<Content>Cutre Carabela bavaro   showReview(14221268, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Floiko
<Content>En general bien   showReview(14012461, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	-1	3	2	

<Author>RoxRox
<Content>giusta qualita-prezzo   showReview(13653977, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>FortunaWien
<Content>kein 4 Sterne Hotel       Ankunft Flughafen Punta Cana  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>jfgarpue
<Content>Muy bien. Volveria   showReview(13360785, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	2	5	3	

<Author>filili
<Content>le soleil en hiver       paon  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>julien77
<Content>carabela beach       batiments 10000  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>razounet
<Content>Superbe sjour !   showReview(12841235, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vcibre
<Content>Nunca llueve a gusto de todos.   showReview(12646958, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>maya94000
<Content>Super Htel!       1re chambre dans ancien btiment  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>pasco40
<Content>C'tais bien       Vue de notre chambre  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>amaurysylvie
<Content>tres bien   showReview(11628582, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Tomentosum
<Content>Honnte, peut mieux faire...   showReview(11393636, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>BOBetJO5
<Content>formidable  recommander       bar dans la piscine  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lailadg
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(10936677, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>rainbowroad
<Content>Retour du Carabela       chambre 10111  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Verdicoton
<Content>Bel hotel, personnel adorable   showReview(10014661, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arebours75
<Content>Excellent hotel  Punta Cana   showReview(8885718, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>arno-angel
<Content>Voyage de Noces Merveilleux et Inoubliable ! ! !       En allant  la plage  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>princ23
<Content>genial   showReview(8692612, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seagaline
<Content>trs bon sjour   showReview(8681971, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lau94
<Content>super vacances   showReview(8463060, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jojopat
<Content>bel hotel       la plage de carabela  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>edurm1
<Content>estancia en el hotel   showReview(8212899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	1	5	3	1	

<Author>truski
<Content>no vayais   showReview(8092914, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mowgli22
<Content>Hotel trs correct       plage  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>bristolblueBelgium
<Content>bcp mieux que j'attendais   showReview(7873235, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>salserobcn
<Content>la verdad es un poco soso   showReview(7540817, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>MatBToulouse
<Content>Trs bon htel   showReview(7338718, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>djnani22
<Content>Como todo..te lo venden pero luego.....       Esto es lo mejor..su gente de a pie  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>puntacana24
<Content>Hotel splendide       le paradis sur terre  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>elioana
<Content>Aviso llegue con 3 kilos menos, no es broma   showReview(7271106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sylvaine40
<Content>htel au personnel trs sympathique, tudiants espagnols irrespectueux   showReview(7238551, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>D.R.3
<Content>Muy bien!       pfau  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>capucine.c
<Content>On voulais plus rentrer....       sur la terrase de la chambre  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ayudantedemago
<Content>pesima atencion en el carabela   showReview(6687235, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dianelot
<Content>passable   showReview(6568028, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>veranites
<Content>el peor hotel en servicio de punta cana   showReview(6526269, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>cloper
<Content>El mas barato. Aceptable y divertido.   showReview(6335041, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>De nombreuses lacunes   showReview(5443829, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>trs sympa comme hotel   showReview(5036120, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Espantosa luna de miel gracias al Carabela   showReview(4460783, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grancanaria
<Content>si puedes pagar algo mejor, no lo dudes   showReview(3981822, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

