<Author>darrenlikestotravel
<Content>old tired 5 star We arrived back yesterday, we flew to Gerona then drove down to barcelona.This 5 star hotel looked great from the reception, but as soon as you went into the room it looked really tired, it was once a nice room. The parque floors were scratched and dirty, the marble bathroom was fitted 20 years ago at a guess and there were black mouldy areas in the shower area in the bath. No seperate shower. The window would not open an inch and the aircon would not get cool, it was'nt a hot weekend although the room stayed stuffy and hot all weekend long.The gym was 4 pieces of dated equipment squashed into a small glass room on the roof and the pool was very tired too!What a shame, location great, the consierge was friendly and the city was wonderful. This is a four star at best hotel, with a note that it is tired.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Paud
<Content>Best of Barcelona We stayed at the Claris before doing a Butterfield  Robinson bicycle trip in Barcelona.We found the location and the ambience sensational. Breakfasts were lovely. The concierge, Emma del Valle, was terrific in making dinner reservations and suggestions. It was truly a memorable experience.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyBessie
<Content>A special experience This is a very unusual hotel - full of beautiful and atmospheric antiquities in an artistic and comfortable modern interior.It was very special to stay in a spacious suite and share this with a large ancient Thai sculpture. The rooms are in need of refreshing a little but are very comfortable as they are. There were some odd noises from plumbing in other rooms, but this did not disturb our sleep on the very comfortable bed.The staff were all exceptionally pleasant, and the concierge particularly helpful and friendly.The Claris is conveniently located and is a hotel for those who seek something with unique character and style.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lodea
<Content>Oh dear........................ On the positive side, the staff, without exception were superb, friendly, helpful and courteous. Also the hotel location is very central.Like many frequest travellers I am curious how hotels of different styles, age, service, facilities etc....can equally be classified under a particular star rating as there often seems to be inconsistent offerings. While I have learned to accept this I can not accept a same star rating (5 Star GL) for two hotels owned by the same Group where their customer offerings are wildly inconsistent. I stayed in the Hotel Urban in Madrid in early August and could find no fault with this property or its positioning in the 5 Star GL market. I had looked forward to my stay in its sister hotel in Barcelona. Was I disappointed..................I had requested early check in due to flight timings and was informed on arrival that the room was not ready, which was not an issue. The manager of the hotel was on hand to greet us on arrival and as part of our booking upgrade we were to get a complimentary glass of champagne and a room upgrade. Wonderful I thought! We were given a room to freshen up and then go to the roof top bar for our drink. When it came to signing for the drink the barman could not deal with it as complimentary as we had not been assigned a room! I paid! I am still waiting on my complementary drink...................We were given access to the room at 2:30pm. The upgrade room was duplex, which is a category down from the junior suite originally booked! We were then taken to another upgraded room. We had lost interest in complaining. After a while the various noises were a curiousity. I then worked out that our room was directly below the roof top pool! Noise of loungers being dragged along and all the splashing around. The pool closes at 8. The hotel makes reference to its total sound proofing - even the quiet summer time traffic of Barcelona centre was audible. If this qualifies as an upgrade, I dispare.As for the room......... the hotel prides itself on its antiques collection and boasts at least one piece in every room. Perhaps I missed it, but there was no obvious antique in the room. The advertised tea/coffee facilities did not exist, no iron/ironing board was to be made available - meaning (costly) hotel services had to be used. This is entirely unacceptable. The bathroom was clean and functionally but totally in need of modernisation.No, I won't be back, but it is the expectation gap from my Madrid experience that I felt most let down about.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>freqtraveller29
<Content>5 star????? Not a bad hotel by any means, it was clean, modern, trendy and the room was large with a large window and another in the bathroom. However I am not convinced it meats UK 5star status as the room showed its wear and tear and the entire hotel although uber modern lacks any atmosphere what so ever. My wife and I stayed in another hotel which did not boast 5 stars and yet was much superior in every aspect. The staff where friendly enough but to finish our honeymoon here after a great cruise around the med was disappointing, as i said before there is nothing badly wrong with the hotel but its 5 star hype was made insignificant when my wife said, I preferred the other hotel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Littlesean
<Content>Fantastic Hotel +++++ I recently spent five days at the Claris hotel on my 5th Visit to the beautiful city of Barcelona. This was by far the best hotel i have ever stayed in in Spain let alone in barcelona. The service was fantastic and the staff were very very helpfull. The rooms were luxurious and the room service was impeccable. I cannot find any fault with this hotel and you must try the terrace and the Pool on the roof. The location of the hotel is also perfect as it is right in the heart of the city and within walking distance of many famous sights and landmarks (La Rambla etc etc). I will definately stay here if i come back to barcelona and i recommend it for those that seek something special, the epitome of luxury, service, location and total comfort.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pelun
<Content>Need to improve! Stayed 5 days 6-11 july -08 in a Duplex Suite. It's my 4th stay at this hotel but unless there is an overall improvement I doubt will be a 5th time. The d茅cor is not bad, art deco style, and rooms are comfortable. Bathrooms are bit run down but they are good in size. I鈥檝e previously stayed in Duplex Suite and been satisfied but unfortunately this time had a room towards c/ Pau Claris and noise was disturbing. All Duplex suites are on 2nd floor. Agree with previous comments it is really poor the hotel charge for use of wireless internet. Previous occasions front desk staff including concierge have been helpful and service-minded, but this time must say they all seemed dull, tired, uninterested and not motivated (except the concierge Monday evening). The roof top terrace is very nice with its swimming pool although not enough sun chairs and, again, service is pretty poor (used to be much better). The gym is a joke. Machines which are out of date and useless.The air-condition didn鈥檛 do any help so it became impossible to stay in the room. Food and drinks at the hotel are ok, but I don鈥檛 think worth the price. Location is pretty good for shopping but not so good for the beach which is far away. This hotel needs to shape up in order to compete with the rising stars in Barcelona!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>luxlovernyc
<Content>A disappointment I share the view of someone else who noted this was the least favorite hotel on a two-week stay in Spain. We spent the longest time in Barcelona, and we loved the city. But we were really disappointed with the Claris. The location is great and the public spaces ok, but we had booked a junior suite to get more space, and it was really dark (inner room) and the furniture was definitely showing its wear. We asked to be moved but apparently nothing else was available the first two nights and after that it was too much trouble to move. While the staff was pleasant, they had a bit of attitude and were pretty bad on directions or recommendations. They did send us to a fabulous tapas bar the first day, just a few blocks away. As for the pool, although small, it was adequate for cooling, but the main problem, as with every hotel we stayed in, was that the seating was lacking and there was NO shade, a real problem in July when the sun was brutal. Overall, it was not a five star experience, and if I went back (as I hope to), I will choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>arutun
<Content>Wanted to enjoy the Claris but didn't Do not be fooled by the 5 stars in the title of this hotel. This is far from 5 stars. As I sit here in our room waiting, waiting, waiting for reception...they seem to tell you everything you want to hear but are never quite able to deliver.The hotel boasts about Mercedes Smart courtesy car -- actually this is a rental that you must pay for. The hotel only has 2, and on this day the owner of the hotel is galivanting around Barcelona in one of them. That leaves one car, which is apparently unavailable.The hotel website mentions wireless internet service -- this is paid internet like any other ordinary hotel.The restaurant tried to cheat and overcharge us. At first, the waiter tried to charge the room without showing us the bill. Then it became clear there was an additional $40 charge on the bill that had appeared mysteriously...imagine that.The bands playing on the roof last night and today can be heard in pretty much every corner of the hotel.Location is good, which is one thing they can't fake.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>bkmiamibeach
<Content>Eixample location is great We spent 3 nights in Barcelona. Loved the city but hotel was not great. It was the most disappointing of the hotels we stayed at during our 2 week vacation. However it was the least expensive of the hotels we stayed at as well. The Hotel Claris is rated a 5 star GL hotel but it does not exude a luxury hotel feel. The Hotel Majestic one block away exudes that luxury hotel feel. The public spaces in the Majestic had a 5 star feel where the Claris did not. The Claris is a 19th century building that has been completely gutted and converted into a very modern hotel with interesting design and modern atrium in the middle to provide light. Our junior suite was very dark with a separate livingroom with no window and the sole window in the bedroom was on a courtyard with very little light. The roof top pool and lounge area was nice but the gym is poor. just 3 cardio machines in a very small space.We totally enjoyed our stay in Eixample as opposed to staying in the more touristy Las Ramblas area. Within easy walking distance are the fine shops on the Pg. de Gracia (1 block away) and many of the fine Gaudi architectural treasures are within walking distance. I love art nouveau design and there is great examples all around. I enjoy walking and the old city is a good walk away but for those that don't enjoy the long walk it is just a short cab ride. There are also many great restaurants and cafes just a short walk away. We spent 3 nights there but we could have easily filled 6 days in Barcelona. There is much to see do and experience. Also the city is every bit as sophisticated as the top European cities.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DTimberLD
<Content>Not really 5 Star, pretty loud, very stylish Stayed one night at the Claris on our way through to France. Nice modern decor, great terrace bar  pool. The room and service were lovely. The staff were really helpful and all the amenities in the room were great - clean, well stocked with toiletries, towels, robes, slippers, etc. Very rough sheets (appeared to be linen, as in not cotton but actual linen, but the effect was too hard for me) were a disappointment. The a/c worked well and is completely temp adjustable. One big caviat - they are not soundproofed. The hallway is not the issue - there is a lobby door between the room and the bath/hall door. The issue is really the windows to outdoor. We were awakened to traffic sounds and an auto accident, even though we were on the top floor. Easy access to business center downstairs with two computers  internet access free.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Superdocuk
<Content>Good, 4.5 star - not quite 5 star I stayed here whilst at a meeting in Barcelona. The location is great being just one block off the Paseig de Gracia and hence only two blocks from the metro. The hotel itself has been constructed within an older building and the architecture is very interesting. The hotel is built around a central atrium. The front lobby is very arty with various glass and water features. The public areas were generally of a high standard.The front desk were very friendly and helpful. My room was on the fifth floor - the lifts are very small, glass affairs. The furnishings were to a high standard in the room. The bedroom and separate bathroom were spotlessly clean. It did suffer majorly from having only one small window which was set a one end of the room and opened out onto the internal atrium. This meant that little natural daylight got into the room. The toileteries were ample and of good quality.Breakfast was served in the basement - so no daylight there either. The room I found to be featureless and devoid of atmosphere. It started serving at 07:00 which is quite late for business people. The choice was reasonable and the presentation faultless. I have had better breakfasts in Spain, but I have had many worse.There is a pool on the roof but this is much smaller in reality than the hotel website photographs would suggest - so be warned you won't being doing traiing laps here. There is a bar beside the pool and another small one on the ground floor.Overall this is indeed a luxury hotel but I am not sure it meets UK 5 star standards, mainly due to the lack of amenities. It is a moderate sized, boutique-type hotel rather than your large scale Mariott or Hilton.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nickydp
<Content>Sixth stay at this delightful hotel This was our sixth stay at the Claris and we still love it. The main attraction is it's magnificent roof terrace and swimming pool, by far the biggest rooftop pool in Barcelona. A lot has been said of the Grand Central's rooftop 'infinity' pool, well it's the size of my bath and not a patch on the Claris'. There is also a good restaurant, and, in the summer, a bar alongside the pool.We have stayed in all classes of rooms and particularly like the junior suites. The rooms could probably do with a bit of an update soon, and are quite dark, especially the 'inner' rooms, but are comfortable and have good facilities. Staff are fantastic and hepful from the doorman to the bellboys and waiting staff. The Majestic and Condes have both been recently updated and have stolen a march on the Claris, so the management needs to plan a refit soon.That said I'm sure I'll be staying at the Claris again soon.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eab0895
<Content>Location, Service, Ammenities Stayed here April 08 for a long weekend of leisure. Main reason was the hotel's membership in the Small Luxury Hotels. I am yet to be dissapointed by any of the hotels of SLH. As for the Claris. Service was excellent. Stayed in a Jr. Suite which had plenty of room and a large Marble bathroom with Sauna and Jacuzzi Tub. Service was above average but not great because not every time there was someone opening the door for us and because while there was turndown service, no mint was left until my last night. (Small bones to pick!).Lobby is great, clean, modern and sleek. As was the bedroom. Great sound-proofing to street noise and only slight sound from adjacent rooms and hallway. Double doors from hallway to room help to ease noise. Rooftop area is great for a drink or a smoke after a long day of sight seeing. Free wi-fi and busines center are a plus. Extensive international newspapers with the Herald Tribune, Financial Times and Wall Street Journal all available in the lobby. Room service was attentive and fine.Overall greatly recommended for amenities and price point, which while not cheap, still more economical than comparables (ritz carlton, etc.)Enjoy Barcelona!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>VAEnglishteacher
<Content>"Don't Believe the Negative Reviews - A Wonderful Hotel" My family and I stayed at the Claris during spring break. We missed our original flight to Barcelona and our luggage did not arrive until a few days after we did...it was very comforting that, from the moment we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very accomodating; the Public Relations Manager, in particular, went way above the call of duty to help us with our lost luggage crisis. The rooms are nicely adorned and we particularly appreciated the hardwood floors and furnishings. The location is accessible to all that's Barcelona, and the room rates are very reasonable for the ammenities offered. We look forward to staying at the Claris again on our next trip to Spain:-)  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lizzy36
<Content>Fantastic Service My husband and I stayed at the Claris over the Easter holiday weekend. While I was concerned about the service over the holiday weekend, we had nothing to worry about. From the moment we stepped out of the cab until we left, we received warm hospitality and excellent service. We ate dinner at the hotel one evening because we were too tired to go out. The restaurant was quite excellent with service and quality of food. While we had an outside room, I would admit that the noise level to the street was noiceable but not too distracting as we slept in most days. Also, the rooms are not large but they are quite clean and our rooms were serviced every day.Lastly, my husband and I wanted to go to an Easter mass in English. We had located a church prior to our arrival but didn't mapquest the location. The hotel concierge was kind enough to map it out for us and gave us the easiest route.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>quattromonti
<Content>Good location, particular rooms. The Claris Hotel is sort of a boutique style hotel. They have duplex rooms wich are nice but a bid old style. Lobby is nice and location is good!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>996vtwin1
<Content>Unbelievably Noisy for late sleepers and rotten service First of all I will must say that overall this hotel wasn't all that bad except for an Extremely big problem. Understandedly Spain is known for it stone and Marble but this is a Huge problem for a hotel that uses all the corridor flooring in Marble/Stone and has thin walls.At about 10am the Hotel comes alive with showers, toilets flushing, made's service, elevators, shoes clacking, vacuums and chattering. If you are a late sleeper like me this Hotel is a nightmare. The noise was so loud that even a deep sleeper would have problems.The bedding wasnt all that great either and the mini bar was scant. I guess I can go on and on but it's really not worth it. I should have followed a person's advice and stayed at the Majestic which was a blcck away. I also want to mention the front desk was also very rude.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelleralex
<Content>Disappointing Very disappointed with my last stay at the Claris. I booked and paid 100% in advance for 10 rooms for all my colleagues. I arrived to the hotel and realized I had left my passport with a colleague at another hotel. They refused to check me in even though I had already checked in 3 guests of mine into their rooms.There is one receptionist in particular who has an attitude problem is absolutely incompetent. I'm surprised he's in the service industry at all. It took the GM's interference to allow me to check in after being made to wait for 40 minutes. When I finally checked in I noticed that my room was very noisy. The windows don't [--] hermetically and let in a lot of noise from the street. Aside from that it was ok, breakfast was ok, room was clean. But I'm was not at all impressed.I changed hotel on my last night and stayed at the Majestic. Go there for service.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	4	2	

<Author>ChinadollRVC
<Content>Location, Location, Location During our recent trip to Barcelona to visit our daughter who is studying abroad there, we opted to stay at the five-star Hotel Claris. While I'm not sure it deserves its five-star rating, we were pleased with many things the hotel offered. First and foremost, the Claris is located in one of Barcelona's most elegant neighborhoods鈥撯€揕'Eixample. It's a stone's throw from Paseo de Gracia, one of Western Europe's most beautiful boulevards. Within walking distance from the hotel, we were able to tour La Pedrera, Casa Batllo, Placa de Catalunya, Las Ramblas, and Gaudi's unfinished masterpiece, Sagrada Familia. A little further away, but still within walking distance, was the Bari Gotic quarter.There are numerous caf茅s and restaurants within walking distance of the Claris. At 25 euros per person, there's no need to take breakfast at the hotel as there are excellent, moderatey priced caf茅s right around the corner. Plus, it's infinitely more fun to frequent places where the locals go. Also within walking distance is Dow Jones, an American-style sports bar, where we were able to catch the Patriots and Giants playoff games.The hotel combines an Old World European facade with modern amenities. Glass elevators overlooking the hotel's interior whisk you to your room, all furnished with antique kilim rugs and Brazilian cherry floors. My husband and I happen to like modern furnishings, so we were very pleased with the d茅cor.The hotel's staff was uneven at best. Some people, especially bell staff and doormen, were extremely helpful and attentive, but some front desk personnel were rude and impatient. There were very few English speaking television channels, and by the end of the week we started to grow tired of the steady dose of CNN and Sky News. Our in-room movies, something you expect at a five-star, were not working and the front desk was unable to fix it.. It was January and the hotel was not busy, so the staff accommodated us by giving us access to the room next door.There's a small collection of museum-quality Egyptian antiquity on display on the second floor, which is definitely worth a look. There's also a rooftop bar/restaurant and pool, but since we were there in January those facilities were not operational. On the flip side, January was a perfect time to visit Barcelona. The weather was ideal for long walks and you didn't have to fight the crowds anywhere in the city.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>DCTravelman
<Content>Not bad, perhaps not 5-star This is certainly an above-average hotel. It is quite nice, in fact. I'm not quite sure it is 5-star, though.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhiteHouseEngland
<Content>Really disappointing, don't waste your money I am a regular business visitor to Barcelona, but on this occasion my wife came with me and so I booked us into supposedly the best hotel in town, the 5-star Claris. The internet booking I made promised all sorts of luxuries (e.g. antique furniture) which never materialized. The service promises things that also did not materialize (e.g. Leave this tag on your door and we shall deliver wake-up coffee). The room was very badly designed, e.g. nowhere within reach of the bed to out anything. Complained at the time and got nowhere. Filled in a form to the manager, but have just got blocking replies from the secretary. There are plenty of decent hotels in Barcelona, so I won't waste my money here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	4	2	1	3	

<Author>DublinItchyfeet
<Content>Great location but overpriced and overrated Great location for accessing central Barcelona, friendly staff and lovely decor. Very impressive exterior in particular. But doesnt merit five star rating - the facilities/amenities and services provided are just not good enough for such a high rating. Has services of a good 3 star with 4/5 star decor. Bad points:- small rooms that are very noisy because of traffic (double glazing just not good enough)- very overpriced- no basic amenities in rooms such as iron, drinking water etc.Having stayed in other hotels of the small luxury hotel (slh) brand, this one should definitely not be included. It just doesnt compare when it comes to services and facilities.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Putzen
<Content>What an experience       Terrace1  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ntravinsky
<Content>Claris clearly NOT condusive to comfort or work! My husband and I stayed at 2 hotels while we were in Barcelona, the Claris Hotel and the Majestic Hotel. The reason why we ended up at 2 is because we initially booked our reservation at the Claris, and after 1 night we swtiched hotels. I was mildly unsatisfied, my husband as the business traveler was MAJORLY unsatisfied.The lobby was nice and modern in design. We arrived at the hotel at around 9:30pm and there were 2 gentlemen to greet us. They were busy behind the desk and weren't extremely welcoming or attentive. However, they did manage the check-in and a very nice bellhop showed us to our junior suite.The junior suite was located on the first floor directly off of the elevator. When we entered the room the decor was very dark and reminded me of something you might expect in a lodge in the southwestern part of the US (Arizona or New Mexico maybe). There were hardwood floors (dark reddish brown tones) with rugs on them. Everything in the room was very low to the ground. The bed, the television, the couch. There was a small table with chairs next to the entryway and then upon entering the room there was a couch on one wall with the bed facing it. A flat screen tv was facing the bed and was mounted so that it stood about 1 foot off of the floor. which meant that if you were sleeping in the bed, you would not be able to really see it unless you were propped up. There wasn't a desk area in the room unless you wanted to work on that small table by the door....I proceeded to unpack while my husband attempted to do some work on his laptop. He was literally logging into the laptop every 15 minutes because the internet connection wasn't working. After 2 hours he called the front desk and they sent the bellhop to our room to try and assist with the wireless connection. A failed effort as the bellhop knew nothing about wireless connections. Finally, at around midnight--my husband had to go to the lobby and work from the lobby for about 2 hours (to access the internet connection). I couldn't get the air conditioner to turn off all night so we were freezing in our bed. My last complaint-the sheets were not soft! I was surprised and unsure if this was a Spanish thing. Fortunately, when we arrived at the Hotel Majestic I realized soft sheets can be found in Barcelona!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memjfm1
<Content>Very pleasant saty at the lovely Claris A seven night stay at the Hotel Claris for our fortieth wedding anniversary! Conveniently located for the first time Barcelona tourist, the hotel is a compact jewel in many ways. Lovely lobby with dramatic hallways, glass interior elevators ascending through a pleasing water garden, and an attentive staff made the stay most enjoyable. But, as with all good things, there was a wrinkle or two. With a street side room, there was consistent late night traffic noise. The maid opened the windows for the first 2 or 3 days and required a desk person to come up and re-secure them with the special key. And the attractive bathroom sink took forever to drain. I advised the desk of this to no avail. Because of the ultra convenient location, we鈥檇 probably stay at the Claris again although there are super alternatives in the immediate area.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sm122097
<Content>Great Location, Decent Service Barcelona was our second city in our Spanish trip and the Claris was our second favorite hotel.We arrived around 11:00 and while they had some rooms ready, we were being upgraded and ours was not yet ready, so we made our way off for lunch and the bus tour. When we came back, not only did we have our room, but they had moved our luggage into the room. And let me tell you, the room was worth the wait. We had a 2 floor duplex. The first floor had the main bathroom (separate shower and bath) as well as a Sauna (looked a little small, but what can you expect for a private sauna). It also had the living room/dining room with comfortable couch and chairs and big screen flat tv/ Upstairs had the bed and another full bath (no sauna). Another great feature was the tv, which seemed to have movies you could rent, and, most importnatly, 5 english speaking channels (CNN Int'l, CNBC Europe, BBC World, Sky News and Disney). There was nice art in the room, and we were left a rose. They also gave us a bottle of red wine.On the negative side, the room was not up to the level of cleanliness I like. The sink in one of the bathrooms was not clean and the floor was dirty/dusty. I normally do not wear the hotel slippers (my feet are too big). But fortunately, their slippers were a little bigger since I needed them.Service was also a little spotty. While everyone was helpful (including the door man who remembered that my wife and I wanted a non-smoking restuarant and asking how dinner was), there was one mess up that bothered me. We had the hotel make reservations in advance. They made excellent suggestions and we loved 3 of the 4 restaurants. However, we had a bad experience the night before in Madrid where we went to a smoking resturant. Therefore, when we picked up our reservations, we asked if they were all for non-smoking restaurants. We were told that they were. However, the first one was smoking only. We left and went back to the hotel. They found us a non-smoking restaurant nearby, but not us fancy or nice. They followed up with phone calls to ensure that the rest of the restaurants were non-soking (they were).Breakfast was a buffet. Very nice selection of breads and an excellent choice of fruits. You could also order food (such as eggs, pnackages, breakfast meats, etc), but they do not tell you that.Last, we enjoyed the car they provided to take us to the airport (included in a stay of 3 nights or more). However, agan ask for non-smoking since at least one car reaks of cigarettes.The location was great. A very short walk to a couple of Gaudi houses/museums. We were also very close to the Metro and only about a 10 minute walk to the Gothic Section.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>dmatsushita
<Content>Excellent service - would definitely return We stayed at the Claris in September 2007. I've written a couple of other reviews about places we didn't think were perfect, but we were really very pleased with the Claris.The location is excellent - just off Passeig de Gracia, one block from La Pedrera and a short walk from Las Ramblas and Barri Gotic.We experienced excellent service throughout our stay. We had booked a 2-br suite for our family of four, as well as an adjacent room for my in-laws. When we arrived in the late morning, only one of the suite rooms was available, but the hotel immediately arranged for the other two rooms to be prepared for us. Within ten minutes, we had access to all three rooms. Despite the short wait, the hotel still gave us vouchers for free drinks. The remainder of our experience was similarly classy in gracious hospitality. The buffet breakfast was varied, fresh, and tasty. Dinner at the terrace restaurant was delicious. The wait staff was friendly and attentive.Our 2-br suite consisted of two junior suites whose living rooms were connected by opening the wall between them, making a comfortable larger common area. The bathrooms weren't huge but they were certainly ample, and the bathtub was an unusual somewhat triangular shape, which was interesting and kind of fun for the kids.We would definitely stay here again; in fact, we would plan a trip back to Barcelona in part because our experience here was so pleasant.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kinski
<Content>Great Location My partner and I recently stayed 4 nights at the Claris Hotel. We found the hotel to be an excellent stay with a couple minor exceptions. When we arrived at the airport we got a T10 ticket for the train which gave us round trip pass from/to the airport as well as use on the metro in the city. We took the train to Passeig de Gracia (about a 30minute ride) from there the hotel is a very short walk from the Metro stop. Once at the hotel we found the hotel staff to be very friendly. A nice Spanish bottle of wine and chocolates greeted us in our room. The room was quite large with a nice view of the busy streets below. The street noise was noticeable but wasnt bad. The bed was firm but comfortable with nice linen. The bathroom was large and bright with double sinks and a good selection of aromatherapy bath products. The hotel pool on the roof was a little small but has a great view and was a nice place to relax in the afternoon from all the walking we would do during the day. The breakfast buffet was excellent and never left us feeling hungry. The only minor problems we found were the room we had was on the top level under the roof top restaurant/bar so we heard the movement of tables and people till late in the night. The last day/night we were there our room had a very bad smell of sewer. Although we let the front desk know about it early in the day they did nothing about it till we couldnt take it any longer about 1am and then they let us use another room to sleep in that last night.Over all the hotel is in an EXCELLENT location to all the major streets for shopping and dining. We would stay there again on our next trip to Barcelona but would ask for a room not under the bar and away from the elevator.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>giannia
<Content>Claris hotel The hotel is not too bad. Very good location near the city center. However I don't agree about the 5 stars Luxe. The hotel is clean and the swimming pool is great but the rooms are not so large and also are not soudproof. There is a main road just close the hotel... The bathroom is very small and some details have to be reviewed. To me it should be a good 3 stars. That means it should be cheaper than 200鈧?night.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>LOVESVACATIONING
<Content>Loved the Claris What a beautiful, luxurious hotel !!! We had a pefect stay. The staff was wonderful, especially the concierge. The rooms were great !!! A great find !!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princesjudy
<Content>Beautiful Building but Customer Care Missing I had high expectation of this 5 star rated hotel but it left us feeling ..no soul. The owner evidentally is into Egyptian Art but what he needs for his customers are Egyptian linens...the worst bed linens I have ever experienced in my lifetime. Rough sheets and horrid pillows and course towels...and in a 5 star facility. The rooms was a bit beat up and all in all...great foyer and lovely roof top deck but client quarters...just so-so.I found nothing special about this hotel other than a nice location in the Example...close to Gaudi home and Sagrada Familia.Just a neutral experience at a high dollar hotel...not worth the money but perhaps this is as good as it gets in Spain????  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GailC2
<Content>Close To To Perfection and Las Ramblas! Not majestic on the outside but stunning on the inside the Hotel Claris is in a prime Barcelona location. You're within easy walking distance of Las Rambles, and close to public transportation.We found the entire staff to be friendly and accommodating. The breakfast buffet is a veritable feast, and the helpful wait staff will prepare whatever else you might wish. Our room was spacious with enough hanging space and it was an interior one, thus we were not bothered by any street noises. We did find that the safe did not work properly and since it was a Friday, they said they couldn't have a repair man there until Monday so we simply moved our things to the hotel safe. It would have been nice to have had bottled water in the room, and a clock. We're assuming it was an oversight as there was only one bar of soap in the bath which my husband and I tossed back and forth between shower and sink. These are, of course, minor details but things one does expect to find in a five star hotel. I should add that there was a special bath amenity - a zippered tote holding six products - shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath gel, mouthwash, cologne, and cotton balls. This tote was freshened every day. A nice touch! Plus, our room was cleaned thoroughly and made up promptly each day.A return trip to Barcelona will bring us back to the Claris. - Gail Cooke  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MEMAFlorida
<Content>Loved the Claris We spent 2 nights at the Claris after a cruise that ended in Barcelona. Our room was spectacular. The service was wonderful. The concierge recommendations for sightseeing allowed us to cover all of the major sights in our short stay. This hotel is within walking distance of the best part of Barcelona. We ate lunch at the hotel on a terrace on the roof, breakfast at an overflowing buffet on the lower floor, and followed their directions to an excellent seafood restaurant in the vicinity. If you want service, luxury and location, the Claris is for you  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jonathan69
<Content>Not 5* Grand Luxe We arrived at the Claris on a Friday evening and were met from the taxi by a bellboy who took our luggage. Inside our check-in was handled swiftly and efficiently and we were given maps of the city and local information without asking.The room we had booked was a duplex, which was on the second floor. It did seem strange however that upon entering you find yourself in the bedroom and then have to go up the stairs to the living area. Most duplexes I鈥檝e had in the past have the bedroom upstairs which tends to make for far better use of this type of space.The next thing you notice is how dark these rooms actually are due to the small window on the lower level while on the upper level there鈥檚 no natural light at all. The window overlooks a busy main road and doesn鈥檛 open. Traffic noise was evident throughout our stay. While the d茅cor is pleasant the furniture and fabrics are rather on the worn side. The bathroom is very small and rather old fashioned. The shower is extremely powerful but always flooded the floor due to inadequate screening. The bath products were of the cheap un-named variety. Disappointing for a hotel that鈥檚 supposed to be 5* Gran Luxe.The worst aspect of this room was the very hard and uncomfortable bed. The mattresses are the sort that cave in the middle slightly from overuse. The bed linen is actually real linen, which is a nice touch, but what good is that with a bad mattress? And why no duvet / comforter? Just a cotton bed cover, which again didn鈥檛 help. The air-conditioning vent for the bedroom was situated directly over the bed and even on the lowest setting resulted in wafts of chilled air over one鈥檚 head while trying to sleep. Breakfast was served in a lower ground floor room and was a buffet. Plenty of variety and attentive service.The small roof top pool wasn鈥檛 anything spectacular and with six people around it seemed rather crowded. The adjoining bar did seem to have good views of the surrounding area and I鈥檓 sure would be a great drinking venue at night if busy.All in all a decent hotel with good service. However the very uncomfortable beds let the property down.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gfox46
<Content>A wonderful hotel We traveled to Barcelona in June, and on the recommendation of our travel agent, we booked the Hotel Claris. It was delightful. We were with another couple as well. We arrived early and they upgraded our rooms. We found the dining area on the terrace to be one of the finest dining experiences we had in Barcelona. After a short trip to the south of France, we returned to the Hotel Claris prior to our departure to the States. The location of the hotel is superb, the staff was superb, and the dining was superb. We all look forward to returning.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saparker
<Content>Confident, Stylish, Self Assured Hotel We recently returned from a 4 day stay in the Hotel Claris and felt inspired to share the experience. This hotel is worth booking for any stay in the city. The location is excellent, and within walking distance of the Passeig de Gracia and Eixample, with its many elegant shops and restaurants. The hotel interior is an eclectic mix of historical artifacts and contemporary furnishings, rather than the usual generic modern design template.The service and attention to detail exhibited by the staff was just the right balance without being intrusive. This is a stylish, confident and self assured hotel. Indeed the staff almost sensed our requirements and attended to any matters before they arose.The roof top pool, whilst compact, afforded an escape from the days heat and included a small number of loungers for sunbathing. The roof top terrace and bar came to life in the evenings, and included live smooth latin jazz. to help us chill!This was our third visit to the city in 4 years and the most satisifying stay to date, due largely to the hotel and the quality of the staff.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sgbslo
<Content>IGood choice We recently stayed at the Claris for 2 nights prior to a cruise. We booked it because the friends we were travelling with had already booked a room there and I was a bit skepitcal after reading the mixed reviews on TA. But we really liked the hotel. The public spaces are very nice, the staff is quite helpful and our room was very pleasant. Our room was on the backside of the hotel so we had no noise problem and it was spacious and well appointed. The bathroom was large and nice. They offer a free mini-bottle of wine as a welcome gift which is a nice touch. The concierge suggested a restaurant on the night of our arrival which was very good and made a reservation for us the next night at a restaurant I had selected. The location is wonderful for upscale shopping and visiting the some of the Gaudi sights.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EmmaBuckinghamshire
<Content>It was OK.....       Front of hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Long-haul-traveller
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I booked a last minute city break and decided to go to The Hotel Claris. Check in was very efficient and our room was on two levels with the bedroom downstairs and sofa and an additional TV upstairs, the room was beautifully decorated with very modern art work. That evening a bottle of wine and a pack of specialised bath products were brought to our room to welcome us. Unfortunately we had a very noisy room of people above us who kept us awake from 6am. We rang down to reception who said they would investigate and apologised. My husband then went to reception and they were most sympathetic and said we shouldn't have waited two hours before complaining! We were then moved to a junior suite which was very nice (bigger bathroom etc.) but was only on one level. We slept extremely well the second night.The Hotel is in an excellent location just off the main shopping street and a 10 minute walk from Las Ramblas. It is also well placed for the open top tourist bus. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and the hotel is beautifully furnished. We also spent a few hours at the open air swimming pool which is situated on the roof and was lovely in the sunshine.A most enjoyable stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mary383
<Content>We really enjoyed Hotel Claris We recently stayed there for a week, right before Easter, and found the hotel delightful. We booked a standard with two twin beds. Aside from the room being a bit stuffy temperature-wise (couldn't open the window), it was overall pleasant and modern. Nice linens, bathrobe and slippers, turn down service - everything you would expect from a fine hotel. The service was excellent and staff gracious. Additionally, it was one block from Passeig de Gracia and a short walk to the Plaza Catalunya, so the location was great. One evening we could hear a dog barking from a nearby room, but honestly, there was very little to complain about. I enjoyed it very much and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrscritical
<Content>awful Booked this via last minute.com the morning of arrival. The cost for a five star property appeared very good value for money. As always, a big mistake ! I can only assume they keep this horrid little room for that purpose ! Most probably it makes more money than any other room in the hotel. The room was described as a junior suite which it is not. It has a totally seperate pokey, windowless, tiny sitting room. The bedroom has a view of an 'inner courtyard' ie. airless and quite clausterophobic. Bathroom had large corner bath but was small and very contemporary toiletries; ie no face cloths or anyhting more basic than unbranded soap and cheap shampoo. What a shame I would never dream of recommending the property to anyone. It is not suitable for business as facilities are not five star if one has an important day nor located well for sustainable tourism. The staff have been very pleasant which made a difference. My other big complaint is that I went to make a call last evening and attempted to turn down CNN only to realise it was the volume of the TV from the room next door that I could not alter !!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>HotelTrasher
<Content>Everything was nice apart from my room! Stayed here for a weekend, hotel was beautiful and in a great location. You can walk literally two blocks one way and you have Casa Battlo, walk two blocks the other way and you have Casa Milo both Gaudi must sees! It is also very close to the Metro and some great restaurants.The staff were very helpful and totally on the ball, if we seemed like we needed help they would come to our assistance before we even had a chance to ask. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was my room, it was basic and stuffy as the window wouldn't open and one of the lights above the bed wouldn't switch off. Definitely not 5 star quality. It was also very very noisy being on the main road and reminded me of staying in 2 star hotels in Paris on a college trip - you could hear everything going on outside and in the corridors.All in all it is a very chic little hotel and feels luxurious as soon as you step inside.Just make sure you get a decent room.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajeraNYC
<Content>nice location The location is perfect for walking around the center of the city. BCN is quite walk-able and this is a great jumping off point. The room was a bit too modern for my taste -- I like modern rooms, but not when they are unwelcoming. The bathroom had nice fixtures. Not sure it was the best value for the money, but there was nothing to complain about.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>tker48
<Content>Great Staff Yes I do agree that it is not a 5 star, but the location and staff are great. The room was very big and clean. I must say that this is one of my favorite hotels ever. Its also very quiet.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PippiVenice
<Content>Not a luxury hotel I stayed at the Claris right before Christmas. We booked a junior suite and the room was big and nice. Hotel is beautiful and warm, staff is friendly and professional. The location is worderful, close to Passeig De Gracia and the main sites of the city.Negative items: HOTEL IS VERY NOISY!!! You can hear people talking in the rooms close to yours, and housekeepers usually scream in the corridors.Heat didn't work and nobody could fix it; after our request the concierge bring us an old portable radiator.Bar is expensive, but in line for a deluxe hotel.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>colant
<Content>not 5 star but.... My husband and I stayed in the Claris in April this year, to celebrate our wedding anniversary.The hotel is perfectly situated to explore Barcelona on foot, and a two minuite walk to the nearest tourbus stop.Our room was more than adequate for our needs, with a lovely bathroom with excellant shower. A particularly nice touch was complimentary aromatherapy bath oil delivered to our room on the first night.The downside of the room was that the double bed was actually two singles joined together, not particularly romantic!While it was a bonus to have a rooftop pool, the view was rather disappointing.We found all staff to be courtious, helpful and friendly but the hotel lacked that certain something expected from a 5 star rating.Think 4 star when booking and will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>There_&_Back_Again
<Content>Be carefull with 5 Stars in Barcelona Got to tell you all, be very carefull with 5 Star Hotels in Barcelona.This Claris Hotel in calle Pau Claris is far way from what a 5 Star supose to be.The envioroment is good but the services and the quality of the rooms....Our toilet was out of work for 2 days, and nobody could make things work.I could keep on writing here a huge list of things, but I write just to let you all know:For some of Barcelona Hotels to see the 5 stars look at the Sky  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>DanaeT
<Content>We found a winner! I was in despair when confronted by all the hotels available in Barcelona. Then I noticed the Claris and read that the owner has a collection of antiquities that he features in the hotel. I felt this set the Claris apart from the others and booked it. Right from the beginning I felt that I had made the right choice. I e-mailed the hotel before we left to request a quiet non-smoking room and they assured me this could be done. When we arrived our room wasn't quite ready, so we were shown into the very nice bar and offered free champagne, olives and crisps--an excellent way to start our weekend. There were wonderful fountains and sculptures in the open courtyard that could be seen from the glass elevators as we ascended to our floor. The room was beautifully decorated in various woods, it was just the right size, it overlooked the back so it was quiet and it was very comfortable. After sightseeing for a few hours, we returned to have a bath before dinner and someone was knocking on the door to offer a selection of bath salts and oils! I chose lavender and had a lovely bath with flowers floating in it. We went to the hotel's restaurant, East 47, which was offering a special mushroom tasting menu, which we selected. It proved to be one of the most memorable meals we'd ever had--every dish was exquisite and the service could not have been better. Our waiter helped us choose a very unusual bottle of local white wine which was delicious and went with all the dishes. Breakfast was massive, well presented and also very delicious with a wide variety of food to suit every taste. The location is excellent--close to the amazing Gaudi buildings, yet also not too far to walk to the Gothic district. Taxis are always available. All the staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, even going so far as to check us onto our flight and print out our boarding passes on the day we left. I can't think of a better place to stay and highly recommend this to everyone. By the way, there was a decent pool on the roof, but it was too cold to use it in November--a good reason to go back in warmer weather! Try this place and you'll not be sorry. It made our trip really special (especially the little museum of antiquities which you shouldn't miss).  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janetjoel
<Content>a gem of a hotel My husband and I checked into the Hilton Hotel, a recommendation of a friend, but quickly checked out because of old-fashioned decor and its distance from all of the fun things to do in Barcelona. We got on the internet and reviewed our notes, quickly called the Claris and were lucky to find availability at a very good rate for our 8 day stay.We are experienced travelers and enjoy staying in 4 and 5 star resorts wherever we go. From our first phone call to check-out, we were treated like VIP'S by Ricardo and his staff. We found the Claris to be a charming boutique hotel only a few blocks from the Ramblis. It is convenient to exciting areas, very friendly and quiet. The suites are like little apartments but with no kitchen, and we preferred the floor plan that was all on one floor because it felt more spacious, rather than the floor plan where the sitting area was a loft.We were thrilled with the help and recommendations given to us by Victoria, their Guest Relations Person. We had some of the very best meals we have ever had thanks to her suggestions (we don't like fish or meat...so eating in Spain was a bit of a challenge for us). We HIGHLY recommend the Ming Dynasty for delicious Chinese, Bembi for perfectly seasoned and beautifully presented Indian and the magnificently appointed Thai Gardens. I must add that the breakfasts at the Claris were extremely satisfying and pleasantly served.We also enjoyed hanging out at the Magestic Hotel (down the street) for its piano bar and roof-top refreshments and view. It is a bit pricey, but it gave us the lounge experience that the Claris was lacking.We look forward to returning to the Claris!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mikie12
<Content>The Claris Hotel, Barcelona Part of the joy of visiting a lovely city, is a hotel that is convenient to the sights, perfect service, and delightful accommodations. We studied our choice of hotels, and The Claris continued to be a top choice, and our final decision. The Claris is a member of the excellent group of hotels called Small Luxury Hotels located throughout the world. They are expensive, but known for the high quality while staying on the small side with outstanding personal service. The Hotel Claris was built in 1992 keeping the facade of the former Palacio Vedruna. Barcelona has been working very hard to upgrade and improve on its elegant architecture, and although the exterior of this hotel appears very old, the interior is an entirely different story. The Claris is a crossroads experience of the past, present and future. Behind the palatial facade you discover a private pre-Columbian Art collection, and one of the most extensive museums of Egyptian relics in Europe. The modern interior is quite a diversion from what you might expect. Everything is crisp and clean, simple, but elegant in design.....almost mysterious. We arrived in Barcelona by ship, and were at the hotel at 10:00am. It was too early to check in, however, they were more than gracious to put our luggage in a safe place and invite us to have lunch, or just stroll around the city. We returned several hours later and our room was ready. The reception desk was most interesting in appearance with a beautiful burled wood wall. All of a sudden, the person that had been helping us went to check on something and he was gone. The wooden wall was actually secret doors to the back, and with a swift push he disappeared...quick to return, I might add. The staff was most friendly and always willing to be helpful. They arranged a tour for us and best of all gave us a list of the best Spanish brandies and were to buy them. All of the 120 rooms, have been decorated with a mixture of modern contemporary and classic styles. There are over 100 antique kilim rugs, 17th and 18th century English and French furniture, and many sculptures from the 2nd to 7th centuries. All rooms are air-conditioned, several phones, satellite TV, a safe, mini-bar, desk, and sofa. The bathrooms are quite the most beautiful, done in coral marble with fresh flowers attached to the mirror in little tubes. We had the standard room, which was a little on the small side, but still a good value at $175 US including a grand breakfast and taxes. The hotel has three restaurants, one being the Caviar Restaurant, which didn't appeal to us. However, the main one, on the lower level was where breakfast was served as well as dinner. Breakfast was a buffet style with every imaginable pastry, meat, and more than enough to last you for a week. Several nights we ate dinner there also, where they have a fixed price menu including wine. I loved with spinach soup with scampi! The price per person was about $30....not bad at all, and well worth it. There is a restaurant on the roof, however we were there in the Spring and it was not open yet. Yes, we enjoyed this hotel so much, but best of all, it was just one block away from the Paseo de Gracia, the heart of Barcelona. We were able to walk everywhere from this convenient location. So, are you looking for a special place to stay while you are visiting this marvelous city? You need to seriously consider the Claris, it is a good value, and a most interesting hotel!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DeeEmm
<Content>More of the same Like previous reviewers, we are mystified by the 5 star accolade.The location is excellent and we too found the staff exceptionally good. Our room, although quiet at the back of the hotel, had a grim view. The decor was well maintained if a bit odd colourwise. The bathroom was OK - good size and well equipped.The bizarre thing was the lack of sound proofing from, not next door, but above. We could hear every move they made and even voices. Somewhere in the refurb process, something has gone amiss. Fortunately this only effected one of our 3 night stay.Breakfast was unimaginative although beautifully presented.I thought the roof terrace was grim - the pool uninviting and it only took a few guests to make the whole area feel packed. High above the city, it was noisy and had no view to speak of.Barcelona is a great place - better than Madrid because of its seaside location. Do use the train to get to the city from the airport, it's cheap and convenient. Once in town, use the open tourist bus to get around - it's excellent value and very frequent, but do look carefully before choosing the Claris.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CheltenhamLady
<Content>Great rooftop pool! This hotel is overated and over priced, however the pool and bar on the roof overlook the hustle and bustle and was very nice. Rooms are small, I stayed in suite and it was just a large hotel room, although the marble bathroom was very nice. I found the staff to be very friendly and the breakfast was great. Great for a 2-3 night stop over.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Coluche105
<Content>Definitely not a 5-star I booked this 2-day stay on my day of arrival, as I wasn't happy with a 4* booking I had gotten through Priceline. I paid the Run of the house rate / $135.00 per night (meaning they give you whatever is available upon arrival) and phoned the hotel before booking to ask if I would be put in a broom closet for this price. I was assured that I would have a double room for single use so I went ahead with the booking. When I arrived at the hotel and asked about my room they told me I had a single room. When I complained, I was told by the person who seemed to be the manager that this was all that I could expect for the rate I paid (not a 5 star reply by any means!). After some discussion, I was upgraded to a relatively small room with a double (1m60?) bed and a large marble bathroom. The rooftop bar and pool are small but wonderful, the fitness room is okay (but no changing room), the elevators give you a spectacular view of the inside of the hotel. The building is a Barcelona historical landmark, the reason for the slightly strange L-shaped reception that was mentioned previously by a reviewer. However, I found the room in relatively mediocre condition with cracked paint on the walls and I was definitely not impressed by the lack of: minibar prices anywhere, luggage rack, instructions for the safe and the two tiny pillows on the bed (Marriott is best and also my favourite鈥?). All in all, hotel staff (room service, rooftop bar, housekeeping) was wonderful and very kind. I would not go back.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>david999
<Content>nice city hotel The hotel is very compfortable with a good hip atmosphere and a lot of artsy ambience. The roof top pool is small but adequate, the bar is good but the views are not special. It's a refreshing place to hang out after a hot day of sightseeing. The area is safe and prosperous but noisy from traffic and so not that pleasant to walk around. You need to take a taxi to the sights except for some of the Gaudi buildings/Sacra Familia. and some restaurants. If there is a similar hotel with a pool and terrace closer in e.g. Ramblas, that may be a better bet. BTW, the price doesnt include breakfast--I e-mailed them just before arrival and they included it as an exception.15 euros would be a lot to have to pay for continental bkfst.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>LarryScott
<Content>Very nice, but somewhat overrated We recently spent five enjoyable nights at the Hotel Claris. Here are our observations:Positives:1. The staff was extremely cordial, knowledgable, available and spoke English almost flawlessly2. Our room was very new, clean and quiet (we were on the 5th floor), and the beds were quite comfortable. The mini-bar and programmable safe were nice extras.3. The bathroom was very modern and clean (but see below), and provided quite a few nice amenities, including bathrobes, slippers, and a nice collection of shampoos, rinses, bath gels and salts, q-tips, razors, etc.4. The breakfast buffet (see below regarding price) was very nice.5. The rooftop spa/solarium, while small, was a nice touch.6. The hotel was located close to Passeig de Gracia, a major shopping hub (similar to 5th Avenue in NYC), and very close to Metro, bus, and Renfe (railroad) stations.7. The neighborhood was very upscale, safe, and there were many good restaurants nearby. The was also a nearby food market that was fantastic (see below).8. There were a few major tourist sights within a 10-minute walk (2 Gaudi buildings, and the Sagretta Familla church).9. A business office (with internet access) was available at no extra cost.Negatives:1. Our room was exceptionally small and its sitting area was barely adequate. There was no way we could ever have had dinner in the room comfortably.2. Instead of a shower curtain or separate stall, our tub had a swiveling glass panel which made showering difficult and claustrophobic.3. The breakfast buffet was ridiculously expensive (20 euros pp), as were all the items in the minibar. Room service items were beyond expensive (8 euros for coffee?). 4. Because the neighborhood was upsale, so were the prices of everything nearby.5. Like most hotels in Spain, the room did not have a coffee maker or an iron. (We would have traded the bidet for those items in an instant.)In general, the hotel was quite nice, but I don't think it qualifies as a five-star hotel. There is a spectacular fresh-foods market with an underground supermarket a few blocks away. I strongly recommend you visit it to stock up on goodies to bring back to your room (like bottles of spring water for 19 cents that in the minibar are priced at 3 euros, as well as wines, fruit, olives, etc.). That market was one of the high points of the hotel's location for us.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - but would choose a different location The room was lovely and the service was great. Complimentary wine and a visiting bath oil maid! The hotel is just off the main shopping area but in terms of eating, drinking and soaking up the atmosphere the area around the cathedral would be a better choice. However, we were within walking distance of all the main sites bar the Gaudi park.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WWWBL
<Content>3 star in disguise Have just returned from a visit to the Claris. The staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly, but we have never seen such a weird shaped lobby. Certainly not where you'd sit with a cappucino or a cognac and the bar quite akin to a small office canteen. A visit to any 4* Irish hotel would show them how lobbies should be designed! However the location was excellent and the rooms, though small, were well equipped. The walls were very thin - noise everywhere. The rooftop area was very nice with the smallest pool I've ever seen. Prices not bad. Would certainly return if there was a special offer due to the location.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Holly80
<Content>huge square bed An Easter city break for the two of us to sample Barcelona's fabulous sights and food. A warm welcome from the doorman who showed us into the lobby. Not a soul around, no Muzak, no friendly faces but an efficient check-in none the less. Beautiful feature of cascading water and lights greets you when you enter the glass elevators. Our room was a good size and my husband thought it looked sensual! (Must have been the purple 7ft square bed and the fully stocked mini bar.) Lovely antiques scattered around the hotel and rooms and on the top floor is an Egyptian museum which leads you to East 47 restaurant, which we visited on our first night but unfortunately didn't have any ambience or guests apart from us. Food was quite good if not a little slow in turning up at the table. Good buffet breakfast is served in the uninviting basement room. This is like a corporate room with no atmosphere and silent apart from the half-a-dozen or so other guests whispering into their cold meat and rolls, although staff attention was excellent. Check-out was a cold affair. No eye contact and he spoke to his colleague all the time and didn't even ask if we enjoyed our stay. Would suite business travellers. You must try the restaurant called La Maison du Languedoc-Roussillon on C.de Pau Claris 77.(French-Catalan) We were greeted by the chef himself and had a fabulous meal there. Waiter was very helpful with our choice of food. As we got up to leave, the chef came over to say goodbye.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great You expect certain things from a hotel that bills itself as 4/5 star. A decent size room, a window that looks out at something other than an airshaft, a mattress that is at least a few steps above something you slept on in college, nice soft linens...the list goes on. While the staff was top notch, attentive and tried very hard to make things right, The Claris is not luxurious by any stretch of the imagination and is overpriced for what it is. Boutique hotels are known for small rooms and minimalist decor so if this is your preference, by all means stay there. The lobby is a bit depressing and much smaller than it looks in pictures. The bar is tiny. The location, however, is excellent.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but not great Had high hopes of the Claris but was disappointed by the blandness of the small rooms, curious lobby, tiny bar and subterranean breakfast areas. It just all seemed a bit poorly styled, and really wasnt hitting the boutique heights I'd hoped. Location is great though, the staff were all very attentive and the food fine but compare it to the Omm and it feels overpriced and doesn't hit the mark.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Popachka
<Content>Wonderful Claris The hotel team is excellent. The service during our recent stay was great and the customer service went above and beyond to make our stay most enjoyable. We had a wonderful day, although of course much too short. The suite was delightful and the staff were all helpful and efficient. Of course, no-one more so than the concierge who organised our stay efficiently. We love the Claris  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TAmemberSaoPaulo
<Content>Boutique hotel, boutique size rooms This hotel is very well located, near charming Passeig de Gracia. The arquiteture is impressing, and the lobby is nice. Service is quite attentive.Rooms are too little, boutique sized. Even the junior suite we got was sub-compact. They have good, but paid, wi-fi access, but the suite has not a desk to use the laptop. The bar, with poor service, is sad...  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant place to stay Top notch hotel, great location, excellent rooms, friendly helpful staff.Located a block away from prime shopping area, restaurants, etc.Exciting lobby, with modern glass, polished steel and stone atrium,with a soft flowing water cascade.Rooms are stylish, comfortable. well furnished.Staff are friendly, smile, speak good english, and are very willing to help.Great buffet breakfast, including fruits, cheeses, breads, pastries,and great omelets.In walking distance of must see Gaudi buildings, including+ Casa Mila La Pedrer 'the quarry', an unusual, Expressionistic, very decorative apartment building - with good informative tour inside.+ Sagrada Familia cathedral, wonderful church still under construction.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A cool Hotel The hotel has very nice rooms. The Roof Terrace restaurant was fab and the evening entertainment by the pool was really laid back, fun and chilled out. Generally good service and pleasant staff. A friend told us to check out the hotel online at TabletHotels and we were so surprised to find this fantastic site filled with the most amazing boutique hotels. The site was so easy to navigate through and there was so much information on this hotel and others that we already have our next vacation planned. I would certainly come back here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>renelle06
<Content>Dark and Noisy I would agree with all the negative comments and wish I had heeded them.The rooms are very small - even a junior suite is not large enough for three people. Two people cannot pass between the bed and the wall!Noise - yes, you can hear between the walls easily. If someone coughs in the next room, you will hear it in your room. This is especially true in the anteroom of the suites.Staff - more interested in telling us about how to use their card system to save electricity rather than telling us anything about the room, the hotel or the city.Staff - conceirge did nothing but give out wrong information. Told us hours of things that were closed, etc. Said she would book a car rental for us no problem/ then said need to do 2 - 3 weeks in advance.Reviews of water pressure are correct; it is low.If you stay here, be very choosy about what room you accept - we had a room at the bottom of what amounts to an air shaft - so dark that it was depressing. Luckily, the room was so small that we didn't want to stay in it anyway.Maid service - weak - very nice to have a bag with bottles of toiletries, but when half of them are mouthwash and the other half are body milk and you have no shampoo, you start to wonder.Pool is very very small - really just for a jump in and cool off. Views from roof are not great.After we complained, manager tried to make better but this was already 5 days into a 6 day stay so we had given up.Would definitely NOT rec'd if you are looking for 5 star pampering and luxury.Also, would disagree that this is a great location. Seemed out of the way for most everything. Far from beaches, and clubs and not all that close to many of the best shops and the trendiest neighborhoods. If you are familar with NYC, I would compare it to Park and 88th steet. By subway or cab you can get anywhere, but when you go out the door of the hotel there is really nothing.Lobby is pretty, but so what - with the smokers sitting in it, it becomes not usuable. Free internet was helpful.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed at the Claris a few weeks ago and had a very pleasant stay. Staff was friendly and helpful.It is a fantastic hotel with a great location.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skiierboston
<Content>beautiful decor The hotel is beautiful; a small lobby was cozy for our children to relax. Pool a big plus. Location was superb. Staff was friendly. Main complaint was that the hotel has wooden floors and thus we could hear EVERYTHING from rom to room.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>squoogle
<Content>Too corporate, no character This hotel was a disappointment. From its literature I expected a very individual hotel with lots of character but in reality this is just another corporate hotel. The breakfast area was rather miserable and in the basement and the food itself was pretty average. We ate in the restaurant one night where the food was fine but the restaurant was empty and we felt rushed to finish. The bar is tiny and once again charmless. The service was fine. They were moderately helpful about hotel bookings although I thought it was slightly inappropriate to ask me how old I was when I asked for a restaurant recommendation. The pool is tiny and freezing cold. To call their fitness equipment a gym is a massive stretch of the imagination. They had three bits of equipment tucked in a corner and only two were working. Othere than that generally it was ok in a dull kind of way.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxtravel4me
<Content>NYE in Barcelona The hotel was ok, not a 5 star, more like a 4. Rooms were hot, so you needed to open the windows, but the street side is too loud to keep them open while you sleep. As we were there for New Year's, we solicited from the hotel info about where to go. The hotel proceeded to recommend only the most expensive places in their large binder of information. When I looked through the binder myself, I noticed there were many more choices (for less money) than what was offered. I proceeded to make my reservations myself. I then asked the hotel for directions to the restaurant, and they made sure to make a note on their form that we (hotel guests) were going to that specific restaurant. I could only presume they would then call the restaurant to claim their portion of the commission. It then became clear why the hotel was only recommending the most expensive restaurants (鈧?20 and above). As one pointed out in my group, this was not behavior becoming to a supposedly 5 star establishment.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, amazing, superb hotel I stayed here from 10th Dec to the 13th Dec with my girlfriend. The staff were amazing and extremely helpful. There English was also really good. Every night before we went out we went to East 47 bar to have some cocktails which were very very tasty and well made. The rooms are quite small, but it was perfect for 2 people. We had an amazing view which looked over the busy street. You could sit in the window with a glass of wine watching the world go by. The roof top terrace is also amazing. I am defiantly going to go back as soon as possible. Thank you Hotel Claris for an amazing weekend!!!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulL1
<Content>Stylish, clean but small rooms We stayed here for 3 nights with our 11 year old boy and baby girl all in one room. The room was not quite big enough for us all, but we all managed to squeez in. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel was clean. The rooftop swimming pool and terrace were a delight and the water was swimmable even in Late September (I don't think the pool is heated). If you prefer the Eixample to the Old Town, the location of the Claris is estupendo!. The only complaint I have is that the staff service for the breakfast was absolutely attrocious (no problems with the food though). I had to ask four times for a baby chair (they just kept forgetting) and when I broke a plate by accident, they didn't clean it up off the floor. My advice is to eat the breakfast in your room! By the way, the Gaudi houses are fantastic. What an imagination that guy had!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid Hotel - Not Super Deluxe We spent 5 nights here in Nov. '04. Great location and friendly staff, but rooms are small and poorly ventilated. Air conditoner did not work and room became a sauna after a bath. Ask for a non-smoking room if you don't smoke, overwhelming cigarette smell in other rooms. A solid four star hotel - not a super-deluxe five star property.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karanarath
<Content>Fabulous location and staff We had a wonderful package for 5 nights at the Claris and enjoyed every minute of it. The hotel is so centrally located we could walk just about everywhere. Shopping is around the corner. The hotel is perfectly situated a block away from the busy street in a quieter residential area. The staff went out of their way to tend to our every need. The service they showed far surpassed the service I have experienced at many 5 star hotels worldwide. I would highly recommend this hotel and in the summer the rooftop pool and restaurant look tremendous!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sidgul
<Content>Good Location but... We booked here at the last minute. The staff was nice and the location is good, but I dont think it is worth the money to stay here. The rooms are quite standard and ours smelled so bad of smoke that we had to move. Usually, I dont mind a smoking room as long as it is fairly aired out but even the bellman agreed this was too strong. The bathrooms are very nice. This hotel was fine and the lobby pretty but if you are going to pay the money, I suggest maybe an alternative. This hotel may be better suited for a corporate stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Impressions We stayed one week in the hotel. Very attentiv and helpful staff. Our room was dark. You cannot open the window. The great hit of the hotel is the open swimmigpool on the rooftop.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheer luxury Spent one night in Claris. Could have spent a week there. Wonderful hotel in a lovely, safe area. Very close to Sagrada Familia and the shopping street, Passeig del Gracia. Plenty of restaurants and excellent tapas bars nearby.Swimming pool and small gym on 7th floor of hotel. Very spacious rooms and excellent service. Got us a very good deal on car hire at short notice.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>Great Spot to Relax Just returned from a 4 day stay at The Claris in early August 2004. The hotel is lovely and staff is very helpful. It's just a couple blocks from the main shopping area and very convenient to subway, etc.We had a duplex style room which was very nice. Great sitting area upstairs and plenty of room downstairs for bed/bath.Pool on the rooftop terrace was a great end-of-day relaxation spot. Only complaint was too few lounge chairs available for guests.Only problem was the last night there a VERY loud family must have checked in to the room next door and soundproofing seemed non-existent. After 2 hours of non-stop yelling, jumping, etc. and the clock hitting Midnight...we called the desk. Who must have done something, as noise stopped soon after. But, it would have been very annoying had it been that loud during the entire stay. We heard nothing before this, so don't know if room was empty or previous guests were quiet. But, other than that...a great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Blissful... trust me I was a bit skeptical about booking this hotel because of the mixed reviews, but I decided to give it a go, book for a night, see if I liked it or go elsewhere if not. On arrival I was eagerly greeted by the concierge, happy and friendly staff at reception, and my baggage, readily ported to my room. The hotel was very stylishly decorated and true epitome of 'boutique'. Room was fully stocked with everything you'd expect from a 5 star... plus complimentary wine. The only downer I found was the CD player, which could do with some upgrading, including limited choice of cds. The roof top pool was a good size... not everyone trains for the olympics.The food at the roof top restaurant was divine... cocktails, dj... everything was up to standards. The area was upmarket and location very central. Obviously I spent the rest of my days there (4nights)... Being out most of the day and having the comfort of returning to my cosy suit was just bliss.. I have stayed in many fabulous hotels.. compared to Hotel Arts in Barcelona, I would rate this a 4 star. But then, Hotel Arts is in a class of it's own.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Woodgnome007
<Content>Best hotel in Barcelona This hotel is brilliant, the staff are friendly and very helpful, they have superb knowlege of where to go. They supply maps and guide books (don't forget to ask for a book of discount vouchers).The beds are very comfortable, complimentary wine and mints, marble en-suite, fully adjustable quiet air-con.Didn't try Restaurants but heard they were superb. Rooms cleaned twice a day with mints left on bed.Complimentary tickets to local egyptian museum, pool on roof, glass sided lifts overlooking courtyard with water garden. 10 min walk to twoGaudi houses.Very Romantic!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsdNyc
<Content>top hotel, great location, terrific staff we stayed at the claris in early july 2004 for a week, business and pleasure, and were very pleased with the hotel and staff. it's a funky mixture of modern and old, great roof restaurant and cafe, pool and little workout room. awesome views! barcelona is expensive, breakfasts are too expensive in most hotels, but the location cannot be beat, and it's easy to get a more reasonable breakfast elsewhere. lots of good tapas places around, as well. well worth it if you can afford it! i'd recommend it highly.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing, don't waste your money there Were booked at this hotel with my husband before we went on a cruise and were very disappointed. Staff is unwelcoming and hotel is cold. Have an egyptian museum but does not warm up the hotel. Left the hotel after 1 night and booked a hotel next door (Majestic) which was great.  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel choice Stayed here for three nights 21st Nov. Upgraded to a Junior Suite, which was spacious. Door man was very helpful as was check in staff who both assisted in things to do whilst here. Only down point was no iron in room. However they do offer ironing services for you at 9euros per item which we thought was ridiculous. Nice location.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycvillage
<Content>Great hotel in Central Barcelona This is an excellent hotel. I've stayed there three times and have been pleased each time. The rooms are comfortable and well styled. The bar and pool on the roof are a wonderful oasis in the heart of Barcelona. And the location is perfect. Can't see why anyone could be unhappy with this place...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>montiny
<Content>not a 5 star hotel   showReview(1438328, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sublime   showReview(1435754, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style over function....   showReview(1260032, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taskmaster
<Content>Ultimately disappointing   showReview(1151132, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive and only so-so   showReview(1150208, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Claris is superb   showReview(1148914, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1091616, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>torta_basilica
<Content>Cool, but Too Expensive   showReview(1077655, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgraceful service for a 5-star hotel   showReview(857124, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best in the city!   showReview(833997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel en baisse par rapport au...   showReview(22074185, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SuFiCiEs
<Content>El mejor hotel en el que he estado   showReview(20695856, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel ou il y fait bon s茅journer   showReview(18538256, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kein 5 Sterne Standard   showReview(16607034, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beieindruckt   showReview(11315779, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aletraveller
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(10089470, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉囥偠銈ゃ兂銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163941, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>odeurs persistentes de cigarette dans la chambre (non fumeurs )   showReview(11452194, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>uschi07
<Content>Nur der Preis erinnert an ein 5 Sterne Hotel...   showReview(6561560, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes hotel in guter lage mit pool!   showReview(11358843, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>valgalieres
<Content>2 nuits sympa   showReview(4594630, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伄锛掗殠銇伅...   showReview(19926075, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

