<Author>cornishtim
<Content>Great location for NYE Good, clean and secure hotel for a central location at a relatively good price.Great location right opposite Hyde Park (as the name suggests!); however traffic noise could be a problem for some light sleepers.Breakfast is basic (bread, juice, yoghurt, etc) but an added bonus in my eyes and better than nothing. There are lots of food stores nearby (7-eleven next door, and Woolworths only 10mins away) so you can't complain really. There's a bottle-shop about 4 mins away too. Good kitchen area if you like cooking in your bedroom (not for us really).We chose this hotel for a 5-night stay over NYE and it was perfectly fine. We had a friend to stay one night, so the extra single bed was great for it. Sure it's not going to win any design or quality awards (you'll have to pay top money for this in Sydney), but for the average tourist or business traveller it is absolutely ideal.Having read other reviews it seems that you need a room overlooking the park, but think that there must be only one or two rooms on each floor (17 from memory?) that this applies to.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Deptford-bill
<Content>Is this backpacking!?! Having backpacked my way round the world many times I know that Christmas can be either brilliant or terrible when away.My wife and I were fortunate to travel the world for 11 months during 06/07.As this was my wifes first real experience of 'back packing' I decided to dig deep and book us into the hotel over Christmas and New Year - 06 in to 07.The staff at the hotel were brilliant, always helpful and friendly, that included everyone from the genuinely lovely cleaning staff to the various managers we encountered.We had a two bedroom suite and having booked well in advance I managed to get a very good deal.It had a well equiped kitchen, air con, balconies with excellent views, comfortable bedrooms, clean bathrooms and to top it all the hotel staff had put a full size, decorated Christmas tree in the room - a really nice touch.After a lot of hard, rough, travelling to come across this type of 'luxary' was fantastic - that combioned with the easy nature of the hotels staff helped to make our stay very, very memorable.We stayed there for a further 4 days in April 07 as our trip drew to an end.From a travellers point of view the hotel is not cheap, but if you are able to cut back in other areas and dig a bit deeper in your pockets it really is worth it for a special occassion.Would I recommend it, without doubt - enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diver19
<Content>NIce stay, no problems. We had 4 family member sharing a room, which was great as the room had a double bed and two twins, which is exactly what we needed. We booked well in advance and the hotel gave us exactly what we asked for: non smoking, high up and hyde park view with a balcony. We were on the 9th floor and you could still hear sounds of the city, but it was not enough to bother any of us. The front desk staff was helpful the whole stay, would hail cabs and book tours. The hotel was a really nice location, plenty to do and see within a few blocks. Was also very easy to catch buses and train from the hotel to get to farther places. The hotel itself was well kept up. The room was basic, but very clean and had everything we needed. A small but easy to use kitchenette with sink, microwave, oven/stove and small fridge. I wish the balcony had a couple of chairs to sit in though, but maybe they wouldn't fit, it was not a huge balcony. The beds were comfy, the bathroom was nice. Really we had no complaints. There was a free newspaper and free laundry facilities, which was great! I would definitely recommend this hotel...  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DesperadoNthQld
<Content>Hyde Park Inn, Good Family Accommodation We spent lots of time researching our stay in Sydney as we had only ever stayed without our three kids (15,12,10) Hyde Park Inn turned out to be a great choice, the rooms have been tastefully refurbished and ours was situated on the 11th floor so traffic noise was not an issue. The kitchenette was very capable with a twin hotplate cooktop and microwave etc. The continental breakfasts were supplied to our room each afternoon and were more than ample for five of us, in fact we always had some left each day. The position with the Liverpool Street Monorail Station 5 mins walk, Museum Rail Station 1 min walk and internet cafes everywhere was good also. We also prebooked a car space (no charge) and the Staff were always friendly and helpful. Darling Harbour was a pleasant walk as was the City Centre. Just a note for families, if you want to travel on Monorail etc get a day or multiday pass, ours only cost $54.00 for a 3 day Light Rail / Monorail pass (they let us have the family 2 adults 2 kids pass even though we have 3 kids) One thing to remember if you are going to Taroonga Zoo, TAKE YOUR OWN FOOD! paid a small fortune for our food there and had to throw it in the bin, discusting. The Zoo itself was great beside that though. In all we had a great time and will stay at Hyde Park Inn next time for price, comfort and convenience.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SingaporeKat
<Content>Good location but ...... Good - Handy for train station, comfy beds, quiet at back and free newspaper. Bad - Back Apartment had no windows, not able to change room, we did book well in advance. Reception staff were glum. Lift broke down and the stairs led to a locked fire door. Bathroom was pink, dated with only a shower. No robes, tiny towels and no complimentary shower gel. Breakfast - white bread or muesli, frozen orange juice. Towels were not changed, bin not emptied and room not cleaned, when informed only got new towels.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>gilly2212
<Content>Exceeded expectations To all of you poor ostracised smokers out there, this is that rarest of gems, a hotel which has smoking allowed rooms - in fact, the whole of the 13th floor - but so well done there's not a whiff of smoke anywhere!.  I stayed here for 4 nights in a de -luxe studio on the 13th floor for $159 per night. The room was lovely, smart and very clean, with an excellent bathroom and well equipped kitchenette and flat screen T.V. The beds (1 queen and 1 single) were comfortable, and there was a great view over the park and across to the bay from the balcony. A very basic breakfast was included - 2 slices of bread, cereal milk, juice, fruit + jam, and a morning paper. However, I was quoted $14 for an extra breakfast if a friend came to stay for the night, which was expensive, as was the internet at $11 per hour.There are several food stores just around the corner (and a couple of internet cafes for $2 per hour), and a good selection of shops and cafes at the world centre a few minutes walk away. Museum station can be accessed just around the corner, so you don't have to cross the street, and is only 2 stops from the airport and 2 from Circular Quay . The staff were unobtrusive but very pleasant and helpful, soon sorting out a theatre booking I'd messed up, and the hotel laundry was free to use.  The only downside to my stay was the traffic noise, unavoidable even at this level, but Sydney has to bee the noisiest city I've stayed in - beloved of boy racers in souped up cars.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>doublezeezee
<Content>Excellent Hotel When I was reviewing around for hotels in Sydney city, I found that they were all not very cheap (probably as Sydney is the most popular city in Australia). I called a few hotels in Sydney and the cheapest I found for a triple share room was another hotel that was going for $AUD180 a night. I decided to go with Hyde Park Inn which was $AUD192.50 a night for triple share as the location and quality seemed better from the reviews that I read.The great thing about Sydney is the airport is not too far away from the city, so it didn't cost that much for a cab to/from the hotel. The hotel is centrally located in the CBD and when we arrived, they upgraded us from the triple share room to the family studio for no extra charge! (The front desk staff looked at the 3 of us with all our luggage and decided we deserved a bigger room! How lovely).The family studio was awesome, a balcony overlooking the lovely green Hyde Park, a fully equipped kitchenette with stove, microwave, and cooking utensils and comfy bathroom. We had a nice big TV, plenty of space, and 3 beds; a double and two singles. We also had a big sofa which was probably a bed made to look like a sofa, so it could've been a bed comfortably. So a family of five could've fit nicely with no problems.There was a 7-Eleven just outside the hotel (you don't even need to cross a street) so we bought eggs and cooked ourselves breakfast in the morning. Also they give you a free breakfast but they actually stock it in your room so you don't need to go down to their restaurant to dine! They provided milk, juice, bread slices, cereal and your basic tea and coffee all in the comfort of your own room! Some relatives came to visit us in our room and we ordered pizza in and had plenty of space to fit everyone in. We even had a little dining table in our room. Location was excellent, right in the middle of the city and facing the lovely park. We walked everywhere we needed to get to, there are public payphones and bus stops just in front of the hotel, and lots of places to eat. Staff weren't the most friendly but honestly we loved Sydney and our room too much to notice! Their internet service seemed a bit expensive when we asked about their in-room rates, so they recommended their cheaper option which was to go to their business centre and use the internet there (if I'm not mistaken it was about $AUD5 per session at the business centre). Connection speed was great, you can use one of their computers in the business centre or plug your own laptop in. They also had a printer if you needed to use one. Obviously we were so happy to receive the upgrade, but it still was the most expensive hotel we stayed at throughout our trip (Our trip lasted 17 days, we stayed at 3 locations in Queensland and one in Melbourne, all at an average of AUD$165 a night). Nevertheless, it WAS the nicest hotel we stayed at throughout our trip. I don't suppose accommodation in Sydney is very cheap anyway so it really was worth the money, but I can't help but think that 5-star hotels in Malaysia are so much cheaper than Australia.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>PerthLovetotravel
<Content>Wonderful hotel The only bad thing was that we were only staying 1 night on route from Canberra to Perth.Room 902 on the 9th floor. Great view.Huge room. Well stocked kitchenette with everything from water bottle to salt and pepper shakers.Fabulous breakfast ready for you to prepare in your room at your leisure.Little packets of biscuits with your tea and coffee sachets.Gorgeous bathroom with soaps/ shampoos etc on the wall and little packets of shower caps.We had the third person and we actually didn't have to ask for their towel etc like you normally do, it was all there waiting.Complimentary Newspaper in the morning by your door.Lovely staff, looked after our luggage after we checked out.LCD tv on the wall.Free foxtel and movies etc.Opposite Museum train station and walking distance to most places.Bus stop next to train station (got that to the footy).We could not find a fault with it and will certainly be staying there again next time......and for longer.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NJCricketer
<Content>Highly Recommend Central location - best way to explore Sydney - walking distance from all trains, attractions. Ask for higher floor. In room breakfast replenished every day - good for family with older children.Good value for money.Small kitchenette.Free laundry facilities (except detergent) helps at the end of an extended stay in Sydney.If traveling to other cities and returning back, they will store luggage for you.Polite staff (Suri was particularly helpful).Book Taxi for airport thru reception rather than trying to get one at rush hour NJ, USA  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bintang_Girl
<Content>Nice renovated hotel stayed for 2 nights room 143 level 14. the hotel is only 15 levels high with average 4 rooms per level. rooms freshly painted, new carpet, new bathroom (shower head very low for tall people)  kitchenette. Had a double  single nice comfy beds. Large enough with desk, lounge chairs, table  two chairs, wardrobe, wall mounted tv, kitchenette had bar fridge sink, cupboards, 2 burner cooktop  Pots plus usual toaster, kettle, glasses etc. Small balcony but overlooked Hyde Park. Great views. Breakfast was supplied each day when room was made up with fresh towels. Some car parking under hotel but I got complimentary parking (with room booking) at Wilsons car park a 3 min walk from hotel. This is a very big added bonus as many hotels charge $45.00 per/night extra.Exellent location to everything. Museum train station across road underground. 3 min walk to monorail, buses at door. Still some road noise on 14th level but carnt avoid that. This was an execellent location  choice of hotel for us to do some Sydney shopping.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>tccfairmont
<Content>Nice Hotel Opp Beautiful Hyde Park Hotel faces the beautiful Hyde Park. Walking distance to Chinatown (10 mins)  Pitts St Mall (10 mins). Very near to Museum subway station. Try to get the deluxe room, which has slightly larger kitchen  nicer furnishing. The good thing about this hotel is that it provides breakfast (cereal, bread, milk, juices, etc) in the frig for guests to consume. So you can slowly eat your breakfast in your room while enjoying the beautiful view of hyde park. The only problem we encountered in this hotel is the car park. It has limited lots  you need to reserve them while doing your booking with the hotel. You need to check-out by 10am.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>narla20
<Content>Bargain price for quality with central location Spent 2 weeks here on business. Had a spacious deluxe room, recently renovated. Most comfortable, with own kitchenette, free In-house DVD movies, breakfast ingredients inclusive of tariff, free underground carpark, complimentary daily newspaper, great park and skyline views. Subway is across road, city shops, restaurants all a short walk away, as is Chinatown, Darling Harbour, markets. Have stayed here before. I would not consider staying anywhere else if a city location is required.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MagellanMelbourne
<Content>Fantastic hotel in heart of city       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TerryCanuck
<Content>Like a comfortable updated slipper Fourth time staying at this smaller boutique hotel. We were 2 couples this time, and stayed for 6 nights in one of the upper floor, 2 bedroom, one bathroom (full bathtub and separate shower), newly renovated, suites. For $302- Aus per night, we felt that, given location, size of suite, furnishing and finishes, that we received great value. Had originally planned to stay in Meriton World Tower, but with negative Trip Advisor warnings of late night partying, and their no-cancellation policy, we decided to return to tried and true. Spectacular unobstructed views of Hyde Park from our two balconies. With sliding doors closed and quiet split air conditioners running, we did not notice an over-abundance of noise that others have mentioned. However, noise might be more evident in lower floors. Much upgrading and refurbishment has taken place over the past few years, and room renovation now seems to be at an end. However, prudence dictated that the 2 elevators (basic interior but worked fine) be renovated last, and it seems that now is the time for this to begin. One elevator was down when we visited, although given the smaller size of this hotel, it never posed a problem. However, be aware that one of two elevator renovations is likely now in full swing, and you might want to ask about this when reserving. Staff always pleased to answer questions. Would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellagirl11
<Content>Very noisy I stayed here for one night in early June, and due to a delayed flight  early meeting, was actually only in the hotel for about 9 hours. The studio room was large, with two beds (queen and single, I think), a small kitchen and some seating. The decor was a bit dated (especially in the bathroom), but was okay. Breakfast (cereal, toast, juice) was included with the room, which was very convenient.The main issue with the room was that it was so noisy - the room overlooked the park, and all night I could hear buses and cars driving down Elizabeth St. I wouldn't stay here again for that reason.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mandeville-travels
<Content>Great Location Very much a mixed bag. Exceptional views over Hyde Park and toward St Marys and the Harbour were coupled with very tired decor and noisy air conditioners and cleanliness problems. It was disappointing to find a dirty dishtowel and cleaning equipment left in the room after one morning'sdubious 'cleaning' and an unmade bed. On the plus side, the location is great, in walking distance of many attractions and not too far to the harbour. I had very little to do with the staff,but such interactions were polite and very helpful.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>morevish
<Content>Decent City Hotel We, a family of 2 adults and 2 children, stayed 4 nights in a family apartment. The room is pretty decent: ample space, 1 double bed and 2 single beds, as wellas a small but adequate kitchen.The hotel is good basis to explore the city, the hotel is quite central and opposite Museum railway station. Staff is ok, not overly friendly but still service-minded. No complaints. In-room breakfast is basic: a few slices of bread, orange juice, milk and some jam/honey. Would recommend this place for visitors wanting to explore Sydney.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>marabooka
<Content>City Centre Luxury Central, very well equipped affordable deluxe studio with kitchen. Staff, facilities, welcome all exemplary. Continental breakfast provided in the room. All superb in a city centre hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PerthMishelle
<Content>Wonderful experience My two teenage children and I shifted to the Hyde Park Inn after spending a week in unsatisfactory accommodation elsewhere. From the moment we entered the lobby the experience was a complete contrast to our previous one. The staff were friendly, helpful and keen to oblige. They insisted on helping us carry our bags to the room, and popped in a few minutes after we checked in to ensure everything was okay. The room, with kitchenette, was very well appointed, tastefully decorated, comfortable, very clean and beds were quality. The bathroom was lovely, and exceptionally clean with all the necessities provvided. We had an upper level room with balcony, and loved being able to pop out to absorb the city atmosphere. After the first day the city noise became quite soothing, almost 'background' noise.Having a continental breakfast provided was a bonus, with cereal, toast, fruit and juice, a more than adequate start to each day. As we stayed a week we cooked some basic meals in the room and found the utensils provided to be adequate. There is a Coles and number of seven elevens just moments away to provide any supermarket needs.The flatscreen tv and free movie channel was a bonus for the end of day when needing to unwind. Having family I utilized the free on site washing machines and dryers, and despite being peak tourist time I never had to wait to access them. I was further impressed by the level of security and 24 hour reception, which many places I've stayed has lacked. Traveling with teenagers, and being a woman, this gave me an added sense of security. The location was perfect for staying in Sydney. An abundance of restaurants are within a small radius of the hotel. All the major city attractions were a short walk away, and for those who are unable or not wishing to walk, there is a fantastic public service network at the doorstep. At no time did I feel unsafe in the vicinity of the hotel at night.I highly recommend the Hyde park Inn and will be using it again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumbro1965
<Content>Fabulous place to stay We stayed in Room 105 for four nights and were pleasantly surprised by how nice it was. The rooms had been recently refurbished earlier in the year (2007) and were very modern and tastefully decorated. We had booked about ten months prior to our visit and were cheeky enough to ask for the room that had the same view as that on the internet which overlooked the ANZAC memorial and I'm quite sure we got the exact same one so the view was fabulous. The room was well appointed with a small kitchen area if you fancied cooking something easy but who would want to cook given the hotel's close proximity to so many restaurants, bars and other eateries. The room cost came with a continental breakfast each day and the supplies were placed in your room when it was serviced each morning. You could fill up on toast and cereal and there was also juice and packaged fruit (peaches, etc) which meant you could have a decent meal before starting your day's adventures. The hotel is a stone's throw from the museum train station (right across the road) and a short walk to the nearest monorail station as well (just around the corner). Being there so close to Christmas we also got a great view of the fireworks from the Carols in the Domain concert right from our own balcony.There were fresh towels each day (if you wanted them) and also a complimentary newspaper. For the kids (and parents) there is a television with a dvd player which is a good diversion for the little ones after being out and about all day.The only drawback I would say and is this is being really picky is that there is a fire station in the next street and each time they were called out on an emergency you could hear the sirens. You can also hear slight road noises from the street (even on the 10th floor) but you should expect to hear something if you're staying in the middle of a big city! We only really noticed the road noises the first night as each night afterwards we were so tired from our day's activities that we fell into deep slumber on the very comfy but firm beds in the room. There is also a slight gap between the top of the roller blinds and the ceiling in the kitchen area which, because of the east facing orientation, lets in quite a bit of morning light. This was easily remedied by my resourceful hubby who stuffed the complimentary morning newspaper in there each night and voila! no more light! This could, of course, be permanently remedied if the hotel chose to mount a fixed pelmet?We had an early flight out the day we were leaving the CBD and given that it was Christmas Eve were a bit concerned about getting a taxi to the airport. We spoke to the staff on the front counter who were very efficient in booking us with one of their regular drivers who turned up on time and was a very pleasant taxi drive to boot (the best one we used on this trip).All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hyde Park Inn and would recommend it as a great place to stay in the city because of its comfy rooms and close proximity to everything thats fun in Sydney. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tanray
<Content>Great Service, Great Location Our family of five stayed in a Family Deluxe room on the 13th floor for 6 nights in January. The room was spacious enough for the five of us albeit one large room. It was clean with modern furnishings. The room was serviced daily with fresh towels and beds made. The room was air conditioned and had a small balcony. The street noise can be a bit loud, so we opted for air conditioning on and balcony door closed. However, a great view looking over Hyde Park was very nice. A light continental breakfast ( and morning paper) was supplied daily to our room and was more than enough to start the day. As the room was equipted with cooking facilities we could have made a hot breakfast. The staff were very helpful and always had a smile when coming and going from the hotel. As far as location goes, it was perfect.. A 5 minutt walk to Pitt St. 15 min walk to Circular Key, 1 min to bus and train stations. Internet cafe just around the corner. An added bonus was that we were able to park the car in their under building car park at no extra cost. Would highly recommend this hotel for families and will definately be going back.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sportygalaus
<Content>Excellent hotel Fantastic, clean, convenient hotel that provides extras that all other city hotels charge big dollars for. We had a family room (1 queen and 2 singles) and it included a kitechenette, flat screen TV, air con, big bathroom and very comfy beds. Parking was already booked out so we were given a voucher to park at the marriott across the road and it was free - very rare in Sydney city. Location is fantastic. We were in Sydney to see a show at the Opera House and as this hotel is directly across the road from the Museum train station, we caught the train to Circular Quay. Took max 5 minutes and cost $3.60. Price included a light continental breakfast that consisted of bread, cereals, juices and tinned fruits. The only thing I could fault this hotel on would be the noise. Elizabeth St is very busy, especially in the mornings with all the buses so best to keep your balcony door closed and take ear plugs if you are particularly sensitive to noise at night.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eonnee
<Content>Pleasent Stay Positives:The rooms are very large and clean. They come with kitchenettes which include a stove, microwave and a fridge. In the fridge there are complimentary juices, package fruits and bread for breakfast. There are also forks, spoons, plates, frying pans and a water steamer for tea. The view is very nice. The bathroom is also clean and comes with all the proper things. You are also alloted a parking space if you have a car (I do not recommend driving in Sydney). The beds are very comfortable. The hotel is very homey. It is a comfortable place to stay in. The desk clerks do not really bother you but say hello and smile when you walk in. Also included is a flat screen T.V.. There are a lot of channels, but what I liked the most is the Box Office channel that offered new movies that are on DVD for free. I was sick for a day and a half during this trip, so the movies really made me feel at home. The hotel is very centrally located to the subway (on same block or across the street) that connects you to all the main attractions. On the same block there is also a a bus stop that connects you with all the main buses that can take you all over the city. There is a also a Seven-Eleven store two doors towards Liverpool street where you can buy inexpensive dinners (noodles, beef pies) and bus/subway tickets (I suggest buying the Red Ticket, you can use this ticket for a week on all the subways and buses that are in the Sydney Area but won't work on the Ferries). It is also two blocks from the Monorail, two blocks from the Spanish Corrider, a block from China Town and across from Hyde Park. Also included is air condition.Negatives:The hotel is on a major street (Elizabeth Street) which can get quite noisy during the day. If you close your door to the balcony, your room becomes very quiet. The hotel offers Internet Via Ethernet wire (no wireless) for 22 Aus dollars a day. I bought it for two days because I was sick but around the corner on Liverpool Street there is a internet shop that offers internet for 1 hour for 3 Aus. Dollars. Other then that, I had a great stay. Very Central Location. Very comfortable and Homey. Sidney is a very Metro City and quite busy. I suggest heading North for day trips to Manly or going taking bus rides and getting lost in the outer Sydney. I hope you have a great time!Oh, if you are heading to this hotel from the Airport, just take the green line towards the city and get off on Museum Station and your at the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>tongi
<Content>Take your ear plugs Stayed for a long weekend in a deluxe room. The fairly spacious room was renovated in neutral tones - but not sure about the bathroom, although it was fine (shower only). There was a kitchenette.The problem was NOISE. Sydney is a bus town and the hotel is on a MAJOR BUS ROUTE, so from early in the morning there is traffic noise, which made taking in the view of the park from the balcony unpleasant (we were six floors up) at any time except late at night.On our final morning (a Monday) there was hammering and banging from 8am on the floor directly above us, which made staying in our room and having a leisurely light (and they really do mean light) breakfast impossible. When we phoned reception and made the (quite reasonable) request that the noise/vibration should cease until after checkout time their response was that the website says there are renovations going on. What it actually says is: As this is a soft refurbishment disruption to guests should be minimal. Working on one floor at a time this work will be finished in late 2007 - not sure what they define as minimal.It was a small thing, but I had a blister sore on my heel and got a bit of blood on the bedsheet, which wasn't changed. Not a big deal, but it shows lack of attention to detail.Otherwise, the location is good (in CBD and close to Oxford St) and there's coffee opposite in an outdoor park cafe, which you'll probably need after the (lack of) breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Rach&Ben
<Content>Nice little hotel in central sydney We stayed for 3 nights in a studio room. We chose the hotel because the price included parking and Breakfast (light continential) as well as location. We did have to park at the Marriott Hotel the first night but it was just accross Hyde Park and not really an inconvenience - better than forking out $30 for overnight parking at other Sydney accomodation options! The rooms were clean, modern and well equiped. Nice big bathrooms and good kitchenette with a good flatscreen TV. We stayed at the bogong moth time and the little b*ggers kept getting in our room - up to 10 at a time! We ended up buying some fly spray but i did think the hotel could have done more to aid guests in ridding rooms of these pests (supplying fly spray for a start!) The only other problem we had was that as all rooms overlook Hyde Park, Elizabeth St (the street the hotel is on) is 6 lanes and very busy. We found the noise to be a bit much and would be booking a one bedroom next time to block this out. The studio rooms were also based on the lower floors of the hotel making the noise situation worse. Location was good. Right accross from Museum train station, a couple of blocks away from World Square Monorail station and walking distance to central shops and Darling Harbour.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bored1985
<Content>disapointing...will give HPI a miss next time Have been trying to get down to sydney for ages...Hyde Park Inn kept saying they had no rooms left. I looked at Wotif...and there seemed to be plenty of room.Booked parking, told it wouldn't be a problem, then when we arrived at 7.30 at night, found we had to park over at the Marriott, and walk back in the dark and the rain...not happy jan.Carpark is way too small, i could barely fit my Corolla in the carparks.Staff were rude at the front desk, even though i had already paid and they had my credit card details, i still had to leave a cash deposit.Room was noisy because of the renovations. Paint cans/wood/tools were left in hallway, and I almost tripped over.I had to keep getting our cards for the room and elevator re-set, as they only seemed to last one trip up or down the elevator.Have stayed here before with no probs, but next time i think i'll give it a miss and stay somewhere else for the same $$$  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>WinnieP
<Content>Great Hotel! This is a terrific hotel and the location is fantastic! We stayed there for about a week when visiting Sydney. We arrived late in the evening and the moment we stepped in the lobby, the staff knew who we were and were waiting with prepared paperwork and room keys! This means they took note of my expected arrival time and check-in was a breeze!I had asked for a baby cot in advance as I was travelling with my 5 mth old baby and found everything to be fantastic. We were given a family room with a queen and 2 singles. Becos the cot was a playpen type, we decided to join the 2 single beds and put our baby to sleep in it. The room was one of the recently refurbished ones and had a great view of Hyde Park. The kitchenette really came in handy for us as we needed to sterilise bottles and prepare baby food.Staff were always friendly, greeting us and our baby. They also provided useful information on how to get to places.We could walk to most places in the city and other places were just a short bus-ride away. You can buy bus tickets at the 7-11 shop next door. There is also a train station Museum station rite at the doorstep.Would certainly stay there again in future visits! Definitely value for money!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sleepyh
<Content>would stay there again we stayed 3 nights at the Hyde Park Inn in Feb 2007 as part of our round the world honeymoon. We were upgraded to a larger room with a kitchen, sofa and table  chairs which we really appreciated. The room was nice and quite roomy - the decor was a bit tired but they were in the process of updating the rooms on the lower floors at the time.It was too noisy to have the window open long but the air con made it nice and cool anyway even though it was boiling outside! the staffwere really really helpful, felt really well looked after. The location was great and we were able to explore the whole city on foot from kings cross to darling harbour.There was no bar or restaurant but there was so much on the doorstep in didn't matter in the slightest. After so long away from home we really appreciated the kitchen area and sofa to relax!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Grandad_Gaz
<Content>Home away from home       View from upper floor of War Memorial  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ABC123England
<Content>Great Views We stayed at this hotel for a week from 13th Feb. We had a top floor apartment with balcony with a great view over Hyde Park and Woolomoloo Bay. The apartment had everything we needed and was very clean. Breakfast was delivered every afternoon and put in the fridge, cereal, fruit, juice, bread for toast etc and was more than enough. The bed linen was changed daily. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Yorkshireman25
<Content>Great value We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights when we first arrived in Australia and found it to be great value. Yes the decor is a tad dated but the room was spotlessly clean and we had everything we needed including a cute continental breakfast in our fridge every morning.The hotel is probably a little bit outside the main tourist area in that it is a 25 minute walk to the bridge and opera house. Also there are not particularly any restaurants in the immediate vicinity but then Sydney is a beautiful city to walk around so it didn鈥檛 really matter.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>UKCarolineH
<Content>Good Base for New Year Ok, so its not the most flash hotel in Sydney but we were looking to book for new year and struggled to find something that was available for a reasonable price.Location is great, walking distance to main shopping areas and to Darling Harbour/Circular Quay (or you can catch one of the very regular buses outside if you prefer).We had no complaints about the room, it was spacious, clean and tidy. We had a deluxe studio with a sofa, table and chairs and small kitchen. The room wouldn't win any interior design awards but it was functional and in good condition. The Air Con was good but the water does drip down from the balconies above. As someone else said, the hot water does run out if you have two people showering one after the other.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and had no real complaints as it was just a place to sleep and it was all about location, location, location for us.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Rosler
<Content>New Year in Sydney We stayed for 7 night over New Year. We booked a Deluxe Studio. We requested and got one of the recently refurbished rooms and they were very nice. Large LCD TV, brown and beige modern fitting, new kitchen, nice comfy beds etc.,.The Hotel is in a great spot and a bus outside with take you to Paddington in 5 mins. Newtown in 15, the Harbour in 5 mins and the airport in 25. The rooms are big and the Hotel is clean an modern. The flip side is the balcony can't be used really - too small, traffic too noisy and the air cons drip water down on the balcony. There needs to be a 10min gap between showers and breakfasts are not so great.I'd still recommend the hotel though - only if you get a refurbished room - other guests downstairs were complaining that they didn't.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rrraahh
<Content>Ok - shame about the 80s Decor We stayed here in a two bed apartment for 5 nights at the end of a 3 week holiday. The apartment was clean but the decor was terribly dated. I felt like I was thrown back in a time warp to the 1980s. On a plus note though the hotel was undergoing decor rennovations (floor by floor) whilst we were there so it will eventually be up to date again.The location is good south of Circular Quay, just north of central station. Although if you want to catch a ferry from circular quay you are better off getting a train from museum station directly over the road as the walk there can be a bit tiring.All in all, an ok stay for the price of the room.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Little_Leo
<Content>Disappointing service I booked this hotel based on the previous reviews on Tripadvisor, which generally seemed favourable. Also the location appeared to be suitable for my needs. I was attending a conference but also wanted to be close to shops and restaurants. The location is fine for that, but it is also situated close to a major traffic intersection which means it's really noisy most of the time. That is tolerable, depending on how sensitive you are to traffic noise. What is not tolerable was the blunt, almost rude attitude of some of the reception staff. After checking in, I asked to have my room changed for one with a full bath and the receptionist promptly started calling other hotels in the neighborhood, rather than either just apologize for lack of such rooms or try harder to find one. Having travelled for 24hours, I was not going to go out in the streets of Sydney, changing hotels at my own cost. This particular receptionist was unhelpful in everything! I was happy to acquiesce but politeness and consideration would have been nice. The room was also directly opposite the lift which made it noisy and I wanted that changed....again, it was a challenge for them, one to be met with blunt comments. I explained that I needed to work during the conference days and in fact had explained this quite clearly when I booked the hotel. Overall, the place is sort of clean, there was a faint smell of cigarette smoke in my room even though I'd asked for a non-smoking room. Given the noisy location and the unhelpful reception staff, I would not stay at this hotel again. It is also a long walk from the hub of activity,namely the Rocks and Darling Harbour area.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	3	4	

<Author>angeld
<Content>Good Value, Good Location While in Sydney in July 2006, we stayed 3 nights in the Hyde Park Inn and 3 nights in a 4 star hotel. We enjoyed Hyde Park's location, value and service more than the 4 star hotel's. There was some issues with noise (we were on a low floor) and the decorating and linens were dated, but overall it was a pleasant experience and a good value. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Search
<Content>Extremely annoyed and disappointed! We booked the Hyde Park Inn Sydney as a base to stay whilst we did the City 2 Surf Walk in August. It looked lovely on the website and got pretty good TA reviews so we thought we'd be fine. I rang them direct and booked a non smoking 2 bedroom unit for 5 nights and was given a quoted price, I mentioned how we would be doing the City 2 Surf Walk and how convenient it would be for us. My husband's secretary then rang and arranged payment, only to be told that the rates would be higher as it was the City 2 Surf weekend. They would not budge on it despite her explaining they had already quoted a rate. I then rang them and was told the same thing. I explained to them that they knew full well it was the weekend of the walk as I had mentioned it to them. They reluctantly agreed and we were given the orginal quoted rate. The unit itself was fine, despite a strong cigarette smoke smell in the hallways outside the room. As mentioned previously it has a full sized kitchen with everything you need to self cater. Our problems began on the second day when we came home from our day to find the room had been cleaned but no rubbish removed from the kitchen bench and the tea towel rolled up in a wet ball and not even replaced. I didn't complain as I figured it was just a simple oversight. However, when the same thing happened the next day and not only was rubbish left on the bench but food scraps and crumbs plus the tea towel still wasn't replaced I did go down to reception and complain. They were very apologetic and staff were sent up within 5 minutes to rectify the problem. Then my Mother's shawl went missing after the sheets had been changed so I alerted them to the fact and said that I imagine the shawl had accidently got caught up in the laundry and taken away. The receptionist's reply was to the effect of Well that's gone then! I had to push to get them to contact the laundry and find out what had happened to it and have it sent on to us. Not once did they apologise. Insult to injury was then added when I went up pick up the shawl from the Post Office and they had sent it C.O.D.! I rang them and spoke to a very nice gentleman who assured me they would recompense me ASAP and they were very sorry. I then waited 10 days for this to arrive! I will never stay there again certainly not recommend it to anyone else as I feel their service was sadly lacking which is a shame as it is a great location and most of the staff were very pleasant.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>JannieLou
<Content>Fantastic! Clean, spacious, good value. We鈥檝e had two stays at Hyde Park Inn recently and were very happy with both our experiences. We were on the 12th floor on both occasions so noise was not a problem.The first stay was as a family of 5 (they provided a fold-up bed for the youngest child) in a 2br front apartment for 6 nights in December. Cost per night was $236, much less than other places in Sydney at this time of year. The apartment was clean, spacious and relatively modern. It had 2 balconies, one off the lounge and another off the main bedroom. There was an air conditioning unit in the main living area as well as separate ones in each bedroom. The kitchen was modern, well equipped and included a full size fridge with freezer on top (room for ice-cream鈥?YES!!). The bathroom was small-ish but having a separate bath made up for that. Shower was a good size and water pressure good. We never ran out of hot water and we each showered or bathed twice every day, two teenage girls really put it to the test!!Our most recent stay was just 2 adults in a deluxe studio for 2 nights in August at a cost per night of $165.This studio was excellent, it looks exactly like the photos on the website. Could not fault the facilities or the service. Only a small bar-size fridge in this one but no kids so we didn鈥檛 need the ice-cream!!! Just joking :o)The bathroom did not have a bath but the size and water pressure of the shower was again excellent.We found the staff at HPI friendly and professional, nothing is a bother! They are knowledgable about their city, including transport options etc and offer good recommendations for dining, shopping and sight-seeing.I agree with previous reviewers that the freebies such as generous breakfast, laundry, carparking, in-house movies and newspaper all make a big difference to the value of the Hyde Park Inn.We will always stay at the Hyde Park Inn when we need accommodation in the Sydney CBD.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jjjeeefffeee
<Content>Excellent Value and Great Location My high school senior daughter and I flew to Sydney to check out the University of Sydney and the University of New South Wales as potential college choices. I booked the Hyde Park Inn based primarily on the reviews I read here but also because of the hotel's great location. I made a reservation on the hotel's web site for a non-smoking deluxe studio.We arrived in Sydney at 6:00 a.m. and took the Airport Link train into the city. We got off at the Museum station and were pleased to see the hotel right across the street. Check-in is supposed to be at 1:00 p.m. but there we were at 7:30 a.m. The staff at the front desk did not have a non-smoking deluxe studio ready but asked if we wanted to check out a smoking designated room that was made up. It was on the 14th floor and was quite nice and, surprisingly, did not have even a wiff of smoke smell. We took the room and stayed four nights. It was perfect. I did hear a bit of revelry on the street late one night but our room was high enough so that it was not a problem. And it's true, the water heater is tiny but it is adequate for two people if one does not hog the shower.The staff was very pleasant and accommodating and gave us extra towels when we surfed Bondi. We really enjoyed our stay. If my daughter ends up going to school downunder, my wife and I will definitely consider staying at the Hyde Park Inn when we visit.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saccuch
<Content>An unpleasant experience! My family of 5 stayed here one night after reading positive reviews on TA. We have NEVER had an experience like we had here. Each unit apparently has its own, very small, hot water heater. After just one of us showered (okay maybe it was a little longer than standard but not outrageous), we ran out of hot water. We had to wait 30 minutes for the water to recycle, practically after each person. It took the whole night for us just to get showered and it ruined our evening. Might be okay for single travellers or couples but I'd advise a family to stay elsewhere. Definitely just okay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Katoomba_Traveller
<Content>Affordable but Noisy We booked my parents into the Hyde Park Inn this hotel based on the strong reviews from TripAdvisor. Although the hotel is well-located and good value at under $200, I'd recommend spending the extra $30-50 to find somewhere better - unless you are particularly cost conscious.My parents' room was only on the second floor and as the hotel is on busy Elizabeth street, the double glazing couldn't keep out the noise from the all night traffic and youths drinking beer in the park. The wave of stale smoke on entering the room was also a bit unpleasant - no one asked about smoking or are all the rooms smoking rooms? The rooms are a good size and the kitchen facilities handy if you're prepared to put up with a bit of dinginess.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Al-8
<Content>good hotel Stayed here for 5 nights in a deluxe studio in the middle of July. We arrived quite early but our room was ready. Large room with comfortable double and a twin bed, attached kitchen, balcony with view over Hyde Park,very clean, and a smallish bathroom with good shower. Room decoration was a little dated. Basic breakfast included in the price.Good services- guest laundry facilities in the basement, free films around the clock and free parking. Good location about 20 mins walk to Circular quay or 5 mins on a bus and just across the road from Museum train station with connections to airport. Take a deluxe room because they are higher up and the main street outside is busy. If you are looking for luxury- look elsewhere. This is really well managed and nicely presented 3.5 star accommodation in a decent location and at a competitive price. As for Sydney- well maybe we were expecting too much. It is a good looking city (though not more so than other cities in Oz) and the harbour with it's bridge and opera house is certainly impressive. Taking any public ferry (stay away from the overpriced tourist ones) is always a good way of seeing the whole harbour and go across to Manly and do the lovely 9 km walk. The botanic gardens and Domain are also nice for a stroll.We didn't think much of very touristy Darling Harbour with it's overpriced restaurants although the aquarium and maritime museum are both there. Sydney fish market is worth a visit and you can get a good, cheap and very fresh meal there. Paddington is a nice quartier with an excellent Saturday market. Maybe it was the weather but 3 days would probably have been enough here.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>westwilshire
<Content>Nice hotel for the price The Hyde Park Inn was a good choice. The location is excellent, and the room was clean and comfortable. We had a very large room with 2 sofas. The breakfast provided in the room was just right. All in all, a great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ah Law
<Content>A hotel of good location Being located at the city centre beside the Hyde Park, you can go to most of the lovely sites in Sydney either by walking or by metro. The Opera House, the Rock, Darling Harbour, the Museum of Sydney and the Harbour Bridge are within 30 minutes' walk. The metro station (Museum Station) is just on the opposite side of the road. Indeed, it would take about 25 minutes to travel from the airport to the hotel. On top of that, the room was really spacious for a couple. I like having dinner in the China Town which is only 10 minutes' walk from the hotel. I think I would choose the same hotel when I go to Syndey again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Country Hospitality in the City My sister and I took our 3 girls to the City for a short break during the school holidays. Being from a small country town we wanted a base that was easy to find yet close to everything. Hyde Park Inn is located right across the road from Museum Station and only around 10-15 minutes walk to Pitt St Mall, the QVB  Paddy's Markets/Darling Harbour. We felt that the Hotel was like a home away from home - the room did not have that hotel-y room feel, it was roomy enough for the 5 of us, clean and comfortable, the staff were warm and friendly and the added touches such as the kitchen, free laundry, parking and breakfast made it the perfect base for a stay in the city with 3 kids. The bath was huge and extra deep - just the spot to soak after hours of sightseeing. You will not find better value for your money anywhere this close to the City centre.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>26after
<Content>Terrific value! We stayed at the Hyde Park Inn for three nights at the end of June 2006. It was a terrific value for our family of four. One bed for the parents, two singles for the kids (teens who would rather not share a bed). Spacious bathroom, balcony overlooking Hyde Park. The continental breakfast which is waiting for you in your in-room fridge makes this an even better value and saves time each morning. There is a 24 hour 7-Eleven just down the street for grocery purchases for lunch or even dinner if you want to save even more money. There is a Starbucks about 1 1/2 blocks away if the instant coffee in the room is not to your liking. YES, Sydney is an expensive city in which to eat out. The location of the hotel is great, not in the really busy Circular Quay, but walking distance from it and Darling Harbour. AND if you have a car, parking at the Hyde Park Inn is complimentary if you book it in advance. We stayed on a non-smoking floor. Staff was very helpful and polite.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GREATCANYONTOUR
<Content>wonderful value and service if you are traveling to sydney with your family this is the hotel for you.we recently spent 3 weeks in australia using the hyde park inn as our home base and can not say enough good things about the hotel and its employees. the location is perfect for a sydeny visit, within walking distance of almost everything and the train station is less than a block away from the front door. the rooms we took were large, spacious, complete with kitchen and clean. the bonus is the breakfast placed in your fridge every evening which saves you both time and money (sydney is an expensive city to eatr in). the staff was the most helpful and pleasant we have encountered in many of our travels, even searching through their rubbish for 2 hours to find a missing travel folder that was lost from our room (they found it for us!) they store your luggage if you are away for a few days (bonus) and have a free washer and dryer available for guests which enabled us to travel lighter on clothes. this is the best value for your money in sydney based on location, helpful and friendly staff and conveniences. we recommend it to all who are looking for a wonderful place to staywithout spending their money on unnecessary glitz  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>taffy2001
<Content>Great deal We stayed here for 3 nights. The location is supurb! It overlooks Hyde Park and you can just walk across the street for a stroll thru the beautiful park. The opera house and harbor are within hiking distance, but it is about a mile or so. The staff was very friendly and quite helpful in making suggestions on places to eat or giving directions. We had booked a junior suite, expecting a smaller than normal suite. No, their junior suite had 1 queen sized bed and 3 singles, with the mini kitchen. It was a very large room for under $100. We were on the 4th floor and were able to hear some of the louder traffic (horns, sirens) or louder people who were stumbling home from the bars at 4am. But we were very pleased with the hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>canuck50
<Content>Agree with the previous reviews! After reading reviews we chose Hyde Park for our stay in Sydney - 5 nights. We were actually surprised as the room exceeded our expectations. It was spotless, roomy and the staff were helpful and gracious. The rooms are not decorated luxuriously but I can only agree with the other reviewers - great value for money in an otherwise expensive city. The walk down to the Harbour is about 20 minutes and can be done straight down Elizabeth or for a more scenic route you can cross the street in front of the Inn and head through Hyde Park - it's lovely. By taxi, I think the cost was around $12...but we walked it day and night.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel for the price   showReview(4734672, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BritKiwi
<Content>Recommended hotel on Hyde Park   showReview(4230474, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and value for money.   showReview(4052703, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dakosh
<Content>Very nice for price   showReview(4052689, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and location!   showReview(3684216, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hyde Park Inn - fabulous   showReview(3453224, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>XR6girl
<Content>Friendly staff   showReview(3258240, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for money   showReview(3002424, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay   showReview(2968533, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okiefrommuskogee
<Content>Terrific Hyde Park Inn   showReview(1229269, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

