<Author>Librarymind
<Content>False advertising Whoever did the photography for this place sure knew how to make it look spacious and attractive. He or she also knew how to avoid the chipping paint, the squashed bugs on the walls, the mildew on the shower curtains, the dead light bulbs, and the small size of the rooms. The parking is free, but there's very little of it, and you have to walk all the way around the building back to the front again after parking in the back. The brochures show glowing pictures of full breakfasts, complete with ham, but it is a regular contintental breakfast. The person I made the reservation with, though not onsite, saw the pictures and told me what a great breakfast they had, and it was all an outright lie, because the pictures lie. The rooms are neither spacious nor well-lighted. Everyone here speaks Spanish, but that might be what's expected in Miami. If you don't have to visit Miami, don't. If you do, find a better hotel. This one is also 8 miles from Miami Beach. On the online map I looked at, the star to denote their hotel was right on Miami Beach. It's not there, it's in Doral, 8 miles west.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	-1	3	

<Author>willwork4benefits
<Content>Night before cruise - Great value, nice stay We spent Wed., July 9th at this hotel. Just a one night stay prior to a cruise. There is plenty of free parking. You can park your car for 14 days (free) and they provide a shuttle to the port @ $9/per person but not back to the hotel. We didn鈥檛 use this feature, but it may be economical for some. There is a fountain out front and the lobby is very nice. The gym and dining area had a new feeling about them. The carpeting looked new on our hallway and in the room. There was a slight smell in the room, may have been the new carpet. The bedding was comfortable and fresh. The bathroom was clean and it seemed as if there were some new renovations including the vanity area. The gardens around the pool are very nice and we had the pool to ourselves. The breakfast is a nice plus with sausage, potatoes, and eggs, which were new to me. It was like a flat poached egg. I had never seen this before, but most people seemed to like them. There were various breads, pastries and fruits to choose from and the beverage choices, juices, teas, milk and coffee seemed vast. The coffee machine produced some wonderful and varied brews, highly recommended. One of the reasons for choosing this hotel were the decent reviews for a 2-star hotel especially for cleanliness, which is a must for me, and a refrigerator in the room. One of us requires refrigerated medicine. When I asked the front desk to put the very small portable fabric cooler in the kitchen freezer so that the ice packs would be ready in the morning, they accommodated us with a smile and I had no problem retrieving it the next day. Overall, this is a very nice hotel and I would stay there again for a short stay.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Up_and_Down_Elevator
<Content>I'll never go there again. I booked a 5 night stay for business purposes. I arrived Sunday. Tuesday I came back to my room at 5 p.m. only to find that the romm was not made up. I called the front dest. He was very rude. He offered NO help what so ever. He accused me of leaving up a do not disturb sign witch was patently not the case.The next day I just wanted to order dinner in. The front desk gave me a flier for room service. I called the listed numbers. Nothing. I called the front desk again asking them about this and he said that the room service delivery company was out of business. So what was the point of giving me the flier??? Another minor anoyenance: half the the days that they did clean the rooms they did not leave a new coffee packet. At checkout on Friday morning, I talked to thethe morning crew. No offer of an appology.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	-1	3	

<Author>jakemir92
<Content>Nice Place and Pool I stayed at the Clarion Las Palmas because we wanted to use our free points with choice privileges, and we had a very nice room (414) with a pool view and comfortable beds. The pool was heated and good for an afternoon swim, they had a nice fitness center and continental breakfast. They also have 2 computers in the lobby that you can use for free. I would stay again if I am in the Miami Area do to the good service and amenities.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CalgaryCruiser
<Content>Good hotel, great price Stayed the night of May 17/08.The hotel itself was very nice and the breakfast was very good. We had booked three rooms and were arriving at midnight prior to going on a cruise. When we checked-in we had a small problem - one room was totally unmade and one room was occupied. We called from the third room and the desk clerk came up with new room keys and escorted us to the new rooms with our luggage. One room was upgraded to a suite. The other problem was with the transfers to the port. Our travel agent had prepaid these transfers for us on her credit card. The hotel however had no record of this information. They did try to contact the travel agent on Sunday morning, however with a 3 hour time difference were unable to do so before we needed to leave for the ship. We had to pay the $7 per person ourselves. Still working to resolve this through the travel agent. Despite these small problems I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	5	-1	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>florida907
<Content>its a jewel on the jungle Am a bussines man..and i had to fly to miami asap, i didnt have a reservation anywhere. doing a callaround in the area i found this perfect little hotel..it had a good price not that expensive but no that cheap.. i got there at 9 pm the front desk was absolutely helpfully they even gave a discount.. i had some questions about the area and they perfectly help me out.In the morning i got stunned when i found out the same front desk takes you to the airport. and thats a full costumer service...come on you dont see that every day. The breakfast was good but very crowd..they even have weights on the little fitting room and as i saw there is many bussines people staying in therethe only problem is that they are located close to a main street and the traffic is horrible, so you better get up early so you wont catch rush hour.The driver alberto.told me its a two star ..but hey...with all this type of service it should be at least 4 star  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flyinghawk
<Content>Would never stay at this hotel again. The hotel staff was incompetent. Upon arrival we requested a wake-up call and a 5:00 am shuttle to the airport. We didn't receive the wake-up call and the shuttle service was 15 minutes late in picking us up. The front desk make a few calls to make this happen. They advertise a 24-hour shuttle service.On our return to Miami, we called for shuttle service. The front-desk staff was uncaring. We called three times and the third time, no one would answer the phone. We waited 45 minutes for the shuttle to arrive at the airport and then the driver tossed us a paper into the backseat letting us know we would be staying at another hotel.We booked our stay in this hotel 3 months in advance. I also notified the front-desk clerk that we would be arriving late on our return flight. He told me there would be no problem.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>dianemom2
<Content>An OK Place This Clarion was clean and the rooms were modern. But they were very, very small. Our room (which they said was the only one available when we arrived) was on the first floor right near the breakfast so it was a bit loud in the hallways. We found the room's layout awkward. The only sink was directly in the path of the door. If you were washing up and some one opened the door, you got smacked with the door. This also made washing up a bit less of a private experience. We were traveling with quite a bit of luggage and room could barely hold us and the luggage. The pool was nice and it was heated. They have a nice selection of sodas and small snacks that you can buy at the front desk. The breakfast was ok but very crowded and we could barely find a place to sit. Our second morning at this hotel we went out to eat instead of fighting the crowd at the breakfast. All in all, the hotel was ok. It was clean and modern but based on the price, I doubt that I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ttbnf
<Content>Better hotel, lower price       bathroom  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TomosSion
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed at this hotel for one night before our cruise and paid 拢62.00 for the room and a continental breakfast included. The rooms were clean and the reception staff were very helpful. There is no restaurant on site but if you do have a car there are plenty just round the corner.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kywoman11
<Content>Awful hotel My co-workers and I stayed at the Clarion hotel in Dec of 2007. It was an awful expereince. We arrived to the hotel late b/c our flight was delayed. The manager was very rude. Apparently the hotel was booked and they had to move us around. He was upset we came in late and very frustrated that he had to move the rooms around. We all requested non-smoking rooms and the rooms smelled heavily of cigarette smoke. One of my co-workers even had 5 full ashtrays in his room. Two of my co-workers had issues with their beds- sheets had not been changed and there were wrinkles in the bed like someone had been sleeping there. It was so bad that we moved to a hotel in Ft Lauderdale that was a lot further away.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>RhiaB
<Content>Not great. During other visits to Miami, I had passed this hotel, and from the outside it looked very nice. I needed to find a hotel for a one night stay in Miami and decided to give this hotel a try. It was more expensive then some of the other hotels I considered, so I was expected much more then what I got. The check-in process went okay, until I discovered that the request I made had not been met. I realize when making reservations, requests can not be guaranteed, but when I asked, he looked at me like he had no clue what I was talking about. He then started scanned his screen, so I got the impression that my request hadn't been fulfilled because he hadn't bother to read it. I then asked if the room had a microwave. He checked and then told me it didn't. So, I go up to the room, and discover that the room did have a microwave! Great! Until I discovered it didn't work. The room also didn't have a fridge. I purposely booked a room that listed a fridge. So I was disappointed. Called the front desk. To bad, nothing they can do. The next morning, I went to ask the front desk a question, but the clerk was too busy watching television (I think) and ignored me for about a full minute. All the employees I encountered during my stay were neither friendly, or helpful.The room itself was nicely decorated. A few stains, but nothing really bad. Although there was strong smell, clorox like. The pool was well kept, and there was a nice variety for breakfast.Overall, the room okay, the service terrible.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>swl-trini
<Content>Nice Little Hotel in Doral Area This is a great little hotel for a short stay in Miami near the airport. It was exactly what my wife and I wanted, a clean, comfortably room in the Doral area within easy access of shopping, restaurants and doing some business in Miami.There was a bit of a mix up with our booking from expedia but the hotel eventually gave us the suite that we had booked. The room was large and comfortable with two separate room areas, a small fridge, microwave, TV in each room and clean bathroom. Free in-room wireless internet was provided which was a huge plus for me.Breakfast was provided also free which was very convenient but do not expect top quality as everything seemed mass produced for quick serving.If you need to get around I would definately recommend a car to experience all the various restaurants and great shopping around the area. Downtown Miami is only 30minutes by car.All in all we had an enjoyable stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>International2006
<Content>Great Hotel near the Airport I paid $75-$100 per night (including tax) for this hotel using a special Expedia deal. This hotel is located in the Doral section of Miami. We stayed here for 2 nights before a cruise. We had a suite with a bedroom and living room. The suite had 2 TVs with a DVD player in one room. The room was clean and spacious.POSITIVES-Free hotel shuttle to the airport-Inexpensive shuttle to the cruise-Walking distance to Johnny Carinos Italian restaurant-Bus stop near the hotel (The local buses go to the airport and several shopping malls)-Aquarium filled with colorful fish in the lobby-Complimentary breakfast featuring sausage, juices, coffee, belgian waffles, assorted muffins, cereal, fruit and more. NEGATIVES-You need a car to get to major tourist attractions (South Beach, Bayside Marketplace, etc.)This is a great pre/post cruise hotel. It's also a good hotel if you have an early morning flight, since it's so close to the airport.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>tdog78
<Content>A good hotel for the price My room was pretty clean and everything was in good working condition. The one bad thing was that it was obvious somebody had smoked in the room even though it was a non-smoking room, so the smell lingered around the entire time. My room had a fridge and microwave, as well as two TVs. The continental breakfast was pretty standard fare, along with a waffle maker. It was very busy during breakfast time, however, and hard to find a table. The hotel is located close to many restaurants, and is a quick drive to the Airport.You can tell that they've been renovating, and some features seem outdated while others look very modern and clean.Some of the workers seemed to barely speak English, while others were very well spoken and helpful. It's kind of the luck of the draw as to what kind of service you'll get any time of the day.Overall, it's a good place to stay if you can get a good rate online.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>chertay
<Content>Loved Their Customer Service We stayed at Las Palmas prior to leaving on a cruise the next day. It wasn't a five star hotel, but it was definitely cleaner than the hotel we stayed at on South Beach when we returned from the cruise. What set them apart from everyone else is they helped us retreive our lost luggage from the airport. The airlines lost one of our bags and we were freaking out because the cruise left the next day. The airlines finally found it after about 6 hours and they were going to deliver it at 11:00 p.m. and it would arrive around 5:00 a.m. at the hotel if there weren't any problems. I called the front desk and asked if my husband could ride back to the airport with them when they went to pick up other guests so we could retrieve it ourselves and they said we didn't have to wait for that ......just call and let them know when we were ready to go. That way we didn't have to rely on the airline delivery service. They had already delivered us to the hotel in two trips since my husband had stayed at the airport trying to locate it. They were just awesome in offering their assistance! In all they made 3 trips to the airport for us! We would stay there again if we ever go on another cruise! Overall the value was good for the money we paid for it.Cherilyn ClarkFlower Mound, TX  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gm4pack
<Content>Good Value Got a good last minute deal via hotwire for an overnight layover in Miami. We arrived after 11pm. Make sure you call and confirm the shuttle. This can take a while as the hotel is about 15 minutes away, and on the return trip make sure the schedule the time as they have planned times not on demand shuttles. When we arrived with the hotel supposedly sold out, but the front desk was friendly and we got a room. Probably a back up room as it had ground floor view of a maintenance area, but none the less the room was comfortable although the air conditioner had been left at 58 degrees - cold. Breakfast area was crowded but had the standard warm and cold breakfast options. Overall a good value for a layover.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dante777
<Content>Domino of mistakes Arrived at the hotel 2 hrs after I landed due to 24hr Free Transportation couldn't find me at the location I was told to wait at. Had an irritating time with the driver as he was playing 20 questions with me instead of taking my bag and being on our way AFTER hours of waiting.Arrived at the hotel and wanted to arrange my trip back to the airport the next morning for a 7am flight. Turns out the 24hr Free Transportation does not apply to Sunday mornings before 6am. With US customs being so touchy you need to be there at least 1.5 hours before your flight. I had to pay for a cab instead.I finally go into my room at 11pm and... the lights are on, the bed is a mess and I can see the previous occupants half eaten McDonald's on the floor.I got a replacement room and it, when cleaned isn't that bad. Free internet. About 15 min from the airport. Oh and the Ice machine is on the first floor ONLY.They say first impressions are important, and this was the worst you could ever do. Most likely will not come back to try again unless they give a fantastic deal.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>nittanylionctr
<Content>Don't even think about staying here! Made a reservation that specifically stated would be late midnight arrival. My flight was delayed, by the time I found the hotel at 2am; the VERY uncooperative front desk clerk said he did not have a reservation or room for me. I showed him my paperwork, he went through another stack  he had already charged off my room for the night. I talked him into giving me back my room, and he said it was on the fourth floor. AFTER I received my key and receipt; THEN he told me Oh, by the way the elevator is broken. Had to walk myself  luggage up all four flights-clerk stated no one could help me.Had it not been for my long day, I certainly would've walked out then. Adequate room, nothing special. The next morning. I was taking my luggage out to car at 8:30  had to try  maneuver around people on steps, then went to eat breakfast. The breakfast bar was totally packed up  done prior to the 9:00 posted time. Went back up to front desk, several people already standing there with complaints to manager-he would not come out of his office (assuming that was who the clerks were talking to behind another wall). Absolutely terrible customer service. Would not recommend this at all. Poor signage out front; although this was slightly better neighborhood than the drive near the airport-still not a very nice part of town  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>buffy67
<Content>I Could Not Believe It!!!!! Talk about surpised. I work in the Hospitality Industry and I was shocked at the very high level of service standards that this hotel carried. First of all, the accomodations were absolutely beautiful. I had a stop over in Miami and made my booking online and decided based on the rating that this hotel was given. Of course, the price was also right!! I was shuttled from the MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT to the hotel soon after my arrival which was around 10:45 p.m. the night. The drive from the airport to the hotel was a little over 12 minutes and when I arrived I really had to breath a sigh of relief. Check in was not a problem as they had all my reservation information on file.The room was very comfortable and I really wished that I had stayed more than a night there. They served a continental breakfast that looked very appetizing and I then realized that this gem is probably one of Miami's best kept secrets. I kidd you not. I work for a 5-star hotel so I know what I am talking about. The layout was impressive!Trust me, if ever there is a time where you need to book into a hotel that is not too far from MIA, this is the place to go.Buffy67  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ARTaylor
<Content>Great Location I liked this spot due to it's location. It's minutes from the Miami airport  block from the Doral spa. It's tucked away between businesses... a big cruise line is next door [carnival, I think] so it's not a foot traffic kind of place. There's plenty of restaurants nearby, grocery, drug store, starbucks, etc. You need a car for convenience. The hotel offers van service for the airport. I noticed a couple trying to coordinate sight-seeing with the front desk without a car. ...not good. They were planning bus routes etc. That's fine if your into public transportation or from a major city with good public transportation [I'm from DC], but that's not how I want to spend my time in Miami. There's plenty of parking. I had a king room. It was cozy  cute. ...very clean. The room had a dorm room size fridge  standard microwave. That was great for left overs  late night snacks. I didn't use the pool....we just went to the beach, but it looked inviting. The breakfast room was nice...hot food, not just bagels. flat screen TVs to catch up on news, etc. while you have breakfast. There's ONE computer in the lobby for guest use. I always bring my laptop, but I always saw someone using the lobby computer. Availability could be a problem. The hotel honor store is great...expensive. You can get things like cereal  milk, candy, popcorn, ice cream  beverages. I only used it when I was too lazy to ride 2 blocks to Walgreens. The only issue I had was the elevator. There's only one  it would get stuck occasionally. Not a huge deal if you don't have much luggage. The constant waiting at peak times got annoying, but we just took the stairs when it was too long.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>cancinosr
<Content>Great Place to Call Home! This hotel is the nicest Clarion I have ever stayed at. Although they dont have a valet, door men, or a full service restaurant they did demonstrate excellent service while I was with them during my vacation. The rooms were just remodeled and they were very clean and comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone that likes the beach but doesn't have to be a block away from it. We enjoyed there pool and all the free amenities. This is the first Clarion that provides complimentary breakfast that did include bacon and eggs! Great Value! The staff was very helpful during my stay. Thanks to the Clarion for such a memorable stay! Take care!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DianaKZ
<Content>Nearly electrocuted I booked the reservation at Las Palmas because the website states that: The Clarion Collection: Las Palmas Hotel and Suites offers 103 newly renovated rooms including 13 guestroom suites. Which was very misleading. My husband and I stayed at Las Palmas from 8/25/06-8/29/06 in room 313. The night we arrived we checked in and went to our room to find the following: 1) The walls had big holes and hardware above the bed and to the side where there used to be something hanging and was obviously painted around2)The bathroom door was old, beat up, dented and too big for the frame so it could not be closed properly and made a loud noise when opening and closing. 3)The shower pressure was so soft I could barely get the shampoo out of my hair while the sink faucet was so powerful that I got splashed everytime I used it.4)The air conditioner was filthy and the vents were broken apart. 5)My husband was almost eletrocuted while using the old iron that was in the room because it was missing a button and it shorted out and blew up while he was pressing his shirt.6)The outlet that the hairdryer was plugged into was so loose that the bottom plug did not work and the top plug work only sometimes and was scary to use since you could see the wires and it was only held up with a stripped screw. The other outlet behind the night table was also loose.7)We were in a non-smoking room and our blanket had cigarette burns.8)When the housekeepers came by they took all the shampoo and bath gel that we were using and did not leave anymore each day so we had to go ask for it. 9)There is only one ice machine and it's located at the very far corner of the hotel on the first floor so if you need ice you have to travel off your floor unless you are on the first floor near the machine.We were very disappointed that about all of the above and feel that we were very misled to believing that all the hotel rooms were already renovated and not in the process of being renovated. Clearly this is not the case and we paid for it. I would suggest that you change your web page to reflect that the hotel is still under renovation and that you might get a room with many problems. I also suggest that you have all your electrical outlets checked and that you provide new irons and hair dryers for guest use to avoid accidents with old ones. I will not stay at Las Palmas again and would not recommend it. I will also post information for future prospective guests at tripadvisor.com and hotels.com. I give this hotel two thumbs down. Need to get the fire inspector and health department involved.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it needs renovating and both fire and health inspection the rooms need repaiting, walls with marks everywhere, filty corners so light was dimmed to avoid seen dirts, leftover food beside the fridge toilet corners have rusts all around with unsightly bath tub corners, white floor tiles have changed to brown around the edges, only one dirty lift in the hotel which is very slow, breakfast is average, forget swimming pool, the extractor in the toilet brings in air from smokers even though the rooms on my level is non smoking, so the rooms smells as if we smoke. nice idea from the hotel with microwave and fridge in the room, the hotel can improve by renovating because everything is falling apart, insects in the room (very tiny so dont know the name), dont miami have health inspectors? i would not recommend it but if you dont mind dirts and just one dirty lift then go ahead. learn spanish also because everywhere you go in miami that is what over 70% of people speak,  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad day while my stay at this hotel...as i slept i was itching from bed bugs.and the bathroom and rooms were very filthy. so as i stayed in the over priced hotel,waiting to complaint to the manager i never saw him once....makes me think do they even have a manager???and why wasnt he there. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE so BEWARE  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay there! Breakfast is good, swimming pool is acceptable, everything else sucks. During our four day stay, the elevator was working on the first day only. On our last day, when you are supposed to take your luggage downstairs, no elevator was available, not even a service elevator, so we had to use the stairs (4 floors down). As we complained to the front desk, they said all kinds of foul words (in Spanish; they speak no other language). At the end, they said they wouldn't ever have us again as guests. On the following days we tried to speak to the manager, but he/she was never there. My advice to you: if you're not willing to improve your Spanish cursing skills, stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Stay This hotel had nice rooms, good service, and a great breakfast. Not too far from other miami attractions, but very close to Miami Airport. Also the airport has a courtesy airport shuttle.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(18531260, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel, absolut zu empfehlen   showReview(17438694, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MAIMEL
<Content>H么tel sympa   showReview(8276390, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel confortable pour le prix de la prestation   showReview(11337457, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

