<Author>KustieTheKlown
<Content>Hotel David rocks! Great hotel in a great location. Rooms were clean and staff very attentive. Bathroom was nice, especially the shower which was hot and with good water pressure. Happy hour with hors d'ouvres was a huge plus. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frencbird
<Content>Warm memories of Hotel David We had a very nice stay for Christmas 2008 at the Hotel David in Florence, Italy.The staff's hospitality, the warmth of the hotel all decorated for Christmas, the happy hour next to the fireplace, the spacious clean rooms and wonderful freshly baked pastries for breakfast and Christmas Eve, all contributed to a very memorable visit to Florence.I highly recommend the hotel. You will be lucky if, at the height of the season, you manage to book a room in this hotel!I give it a rating of excellent for our overall experience.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smitchell1015
<Content>Absolutely the BEST Home-like atmosphere, and greeted everyone by their names. Went out of their way to be sure we wanted for nothing. Clean, friendly and warm atmosphere. The Lobby area was charming, much like the living room as it were before it was made into a hotel. FOUR stars!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Momelt
<Content>a memorable experience We stayed in Hotel David on a 3 night break in Florence, it is a fantastic hotel. We chose Hotel David based on the Tripadvisor reviews and it was even better that expected. The staff and owner were so helpful, nothing was too much trouble and everything possible was done to make our stay memorable. The happy hour is also a great idea for meeting other guests; we sat every evening and discussed the day鈥檚 events over a glass of wine and aperitifs beside the beautiful Christmas tree. The weather was very cold and clear but the hotel was always warm and welcoming after a day sightseeing. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and a delicious breakfast is served with a smile every morning. We enjoyed the walk along the river to the town and up the hill behind the hotel to view the city.A great experience and we would recommend Hotel David to all who do not want to stay in an unwelcoming box. Hotel David should be No. 1 on Tripadvisor.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrettNO
<Content>Extremely Pleased with The David - Great Owner and Staff My wife, 21-month old daughter and I stayed at The David in late November as we toured through Tuscany, Rome and Sorrento. The owner and staff were the friendliness and most helpful people that we have met in any hotel. They helped us plan all of our Florence and Tuscan ventures, and were always very friendly to us and our daughter (who loved to climb their stairs). They provided us with maps, advice, made car/wine tasting reservations for us and gave us guide books to borrow. The hotel is a very cozy place, parking is free, the happy hour is nice, and the breakfast was great. It is only a 10 minute walk to the center of Florence, so do not be deterred by the fact that it is not in the middle of town. If walking is not appealing, then you have a convenient bus stop directly outside the hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel to people looking for anything (romance, kid friendly, etc). Thank you to the owner and staff of The David!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pamhain
<Content>What a little gem!! While on a tour of Italy last year we stayed in Hotel David, what a fantastic hotel, we booked it based on reviews on Tripadvisor. It surpassed all our expectations. The staff were so helpful and the cafe next door was fantastic!! The happy hour is also a great idea for meeting other guests! Well worth a visit.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmbjrbxx
<Content>LOVED THE HOTEL DAVID!!!! My husband and I highly reccomend the Hotel David. The rooms are clean and very comfortable. They had a delicious breakfast every morning for no exta charge. The staff is friendly, knowlegeable and most speak english well. Reading the reviews, we realized that it was about a 15 minute walk from the hotel to the heart of Florence. We enjoyed the beautiful scenery during our walks to the town. We will be back to Florence and we will stay at the Hotel David again. Thank you everyone for your wonderful hospitality. Denine and Jim Bielk  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EuropeanTourist201
<Content>Excellent       Lobby  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>dfrancis
<Content>More than we ever expected       Views from the Church at Piazzale Mechelangelo  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MusicFoodTravel
<Content>A True Gem Generally I find the reviews on TripAdvisor over generous - a normal, solid hotel tends to be reviewed as the best, extraordinary and mixed up with our overall feelings of having had a good vacation, rather than something truly being an exceptional hotel. I myself am to blame for this as anyone and have generally avoided reviewing hotels now because of it.However, after just returning from a month in Italy, and staying at a number of places, both average and better, there was one hotel that really stood out, and merits the praise that it has been given.Hotel David is a very, very good hotel and worth your consideration when visiting Florence. It is not perfect, nor is it perfect for every type of traveler. If you want super luxury, Ritz Carlton accommodation, modernist, cutting edge architecture and electronic amenities, this is not your place. This is an affordable hotel costing less than 200 euro a night that has the right service to cost ratio.Instead, it is a very comfortable, carefully maintained villa near the Arno in a true neighborhood just outside of Florence's center, about a 20 minute walk away. The management clearly knows their clientele and has made some nice adjustments to meet their needs. It has larger, comfortable rooms with high ceilings, parquet floors, and characteristic 19th century styling and furnishing. (And you'll hear the upstairs guest footsteps if you're on a lower floor, but such is life with wood floors) The breakfast is quite good and very substantial, somewhat less typically Italian - it's more German in terms of selection and size. Fruit, cereals, yoghurt, fresh croissants and breads, meat, cheese, a savory tart, etc. in addition to both brewed coffee and espresso. There is a common room and patio, where each evening snacks and wine are offered in a comfortable setting.For a traveler like me, who tires of the tourist treadmill of cheap trinket shops, restaurants with lousy food, no locals and tourist menus in 5 languages, this hotel and its neighborhood is a welcome respite. It combines a homey (but not cheap and tired) ambience with nice touches of familiarity so foreigners feel welcome -- various foreign language newspapers, satellite TV with CNN and BBC, an excellent multilingual staff, free wireless network and free parking. There are a number of excellent restaurants in the surrounding neighborhoods, and the staff is quite helpful at pointing them out. They are true neighborhood gems, not touristy schlock. The staff is really outstanding. Multi-lingual, well trained, and truly helpful. They are ever ready w/ maps, suggestions, bus tickets, etc. So many thanks to the staff and management for a lovely, comfortable stay - this is a hotel worth keeping in mind by the independent traveler when in Florence.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shimmykim
<Content>Charming Hotel The hotel was very charming and the staff was so friendly and helpful. Breakfast was also very yummy. The rooms were small, but there was a balcony and the shower water pressure was the best.The hotel is bit outside the center of Florence, but there were buses and taxis. There were nearby bars that were open late, but no late gelotto places or stores.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MissouriGarden
<Content>A quiet, refreshing retreat Our daughter found this little gem in an out of the way and quiet area of Florence. When we came to visit her in Florence we found Hotel David to be extremely accommodating, and most attractive, clean, and comfortable. Our breakfasts were unlike anything we had imagined: wonderful coffees, delicious pastries, hot quiches, fresh fruit, cereals, something for everyone. In addition, evenings held a pre-dinner cocktail hour of wines and hors d oeuvres, each night different. The setting of the hotel is garden-like and quite attractive, kept spotlessly clean, inside and out. We found the hospitality much, much more than our expectations, and the hotel staff to be unequaled.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gigi72Canada
<Content>Super, Fantastic, Wonderful... An outstanding value, outstanding service, many personal touches and a beautiful hotel. The room was spacious and well appointed; the public areas were homey, welcoming and comfortable; the staff was helpful and gracious; any extra you need for a comfortable extended stay is offered with a smile, and on the house. An incredibly gracious host tops off what is a wonderful experience for a travelling family.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mwhitmoe
<Content>Wonderful Gem Across the Arno My new wife and I recently stayed there on our honeymoon. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by Sabrina, who was charming, helpful and ebullient. There was a nightly complimentary happy hour which was already in progress (red and white wines , along with some fine finger foods).We were quite pleased with our room. It was extremely spacious, spotless, with some tasteful art. We were also thrilled to see that the hotel ha left us a bottle of wine to enjoy as a congratulations upon getting married. The complimentary wi-fi came in very handy for getting ideas about what to do in Florence. There was also a complimentary 10 minutes of phone use anywhere in the world per night using Skype. Originally we were scheduled to stay only two nights in Florence, but we loved the city and the hotel so much we stayed an extra two nights as well.The location of the hotel, while not ideal, is quite good overall. It is about a 20-25ish minute walk/stroll down the Arno river (a picturesque walk that I would recommend taking at least once when in Florence anyway) to get to Ponte Vecchio, the main pedestrian entryway to Florence. Alternatively, one can take a bus to Ponte Vecchio, for which the stop is just a block away from the hotel.My only bad experience was the final night. Our room was on the ground floor facing the main street near the hotel. At about 11:00ish, street cleaning began with a huge vehicle with flashing yellow lights that made a great deal of noise. For some reason it kept going up and down the street for almost FOUR hours. The curtains of our room were somewhat sheer, meaning that the flashing yellow lights could quite easily be seen reflecting off the walls and mirrors of our room. My wife was able to sleep through it all, but I was awake the entire time. Thicker curtains would be a nice upgrade.But that was the only issue I had while staying there. Sabrina and the entire staff is tremendously helpful (and all of them speak excellent English). Overall a wonderful stay. We will be back if/when we return to Florence!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Curlicue
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel David I read many of the reviews on TripAdvisor before planning my trip to Tuscany and took a chance on the Hotel David. My boyfriend and I were not disappointed, it is a wonderful little hotel that is off the beaten path. The hotel itself is charming and has a comfortable sitting area on the ground floor where you can relax. As long as you don't mind walking a bit (15 Minutes) to get to the center of Florence where all the sites are, you won't mind staying here. The staff was extremely helpful (they recommended some good local restaurants near the hotel and the Palazzo Pitti and made reservations for us too). I noted that many people said their rooms were large - I will note that our room was quite small (Room 8 I believe), smaller than I would have hoped but it was not something to really complain about because it was immaculately clean and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast was quite good for one that is included. I think one of the biggest selling points of the Hotel David is that it is very quiet at night, you don't get any of the nighttime traffic noise that you would get at a hotel in the historic center and therefore are pretty much assured of a good night's sleep.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ekman
<Content>Better than ever---       Charming interior  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melb2
<Content>A Little Gem       Hotel David Garden  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bonhill08
<Content>Almost perfect The Hotel David is wonderful. The rooms are large, clean and very comfortable with a big and modern bathroom. The breakfast room is very nice and there is a lovely big sitting room on the ground floor with newspapers and magazines available for reading. The no charge use of a PC for internet access and the free onsite parking for our hire car were real bonuses but we were not able to take advantage of the free evening drinks that were offered - only because we were out at that time every day. Their other spectacular service was the provision of gluten-free breakfast items as a result of our advance enquiry - and not just ordinary gluten-free crispbread, but jam filled croissants as well as bread. And the standard breakfast was excellent. The staff were particularly helpful and gave a lot of good advice. The only downside is that the Hotel David is a 15 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio so it is not easy to return to the hotel during the day, although having said that, it is almost on the river and public transport is very close, so it is not badly located.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clgAtlanta
<Content>Another wonderful stay This was our second stay at Hotel David after finding it the first time through trip advisor. If you are looking for a quaint hotel with character and exceptional staff, this is the place for you. Everyone goes out of their way to make sure your experience is the best it can be. We love this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jftf
<Content>Hotel David - The Best!!! We're from Canada and stayed for 3 nights at Hotel David from October 12-15. We read the reviews on tripadvisor before booking and decided to choose hotel David for the great reviews. Are we still happy?? Absolutely. Family run hotel, great location. Nice walk to old Florence, beautiful decoration, Very clean. Service awsome. The staff goes out of their way to make your stay the best possible!. Nice rooms. Immaculate bathrooms. Quiet. Free breakfast, Free cocktail, Free parking, Free long distance call (1 hr/day.)What else do you need??? You will not find any better.It is the best in Florence Jean-Fran莽ois  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JFredPhoenixAZ
<Content>Outstanding! Don't stay anywhere else in Florence! I can not say enough good things about Hotel David. I booked the stay based on reviews on TripAdvisor and I was not disappointed.The online booking process was fast and easy. The staff responded by email right away.Our greeting on arrival was warm and friendly. Our rooms were ready, even though we arrived about noon. Everything in the room was spotless,worked perfectly and looked great. We were in room number 7 with a nice view of a garden terrace and the hotel cat sleeping on the chimney.The evening happy hour was a real treat. Light snacks, sandwiches,and pasta dishes were set out on a small buffett in the garden with wine and fruit juices. The garden is a gorgeous spot and a perfect setting to unwind after a day of sightseeing.The staff's recommendations for restaurants were also spot on. We enjoyed two great meals at local spots within walking distance of the hotel.The breakfast was a nice buffett with fresh fruit and pastries, cereals, coffee, tea and delicious blood orange juice.An even better bonus, you can use the hotels internet phone for a free 10 minute call home each night. And the hotel has FREE WI-FI throughout.Overall, a perfect hotel, friendly, comfortable and affordable!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LK59
<Content>Soooo Great! This was our best hotel in Italy. Great character and charm and the best people. I chose Hotel David thanks to great reviews here and I was not disappointed. Our triple room was spacious and clean, the hotel itself was beautifully kept - the owners just seem to care about the details. Breakfast was much better than average - based on our other 4 hotel stays. Happy Hour provided free wine and snacks and they even made a special dish when my daughter could not find something without cheese or milk in it (lactose intolerant). The only down side to staying here for a short stay is that it is a good walk from the center of Florence - but I loved being on the other side of the river. We had great weather, but a rainy or cold day would have made the extra walking a bummer. If I only had a night in Florence, I might opt for something in the heart of the city - just to keep it easy - otherwise, choose this hotel - you will not have any regrets.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>First_timersPerth
<Content>Best hotel we stayed at in 5 weeks touring The best hotel we stayed at during our 5 week trip to Paris, Italy, London  Dubai. Our girls (6  11)and our friends also loved it. It felt like a home away from home. The reception staff freely offered info  advice (some other places we stayed was like pulling teeth to get info). The breakfast and happy hour staff were quietly efficient and provided homey and more than adequate food. They were constantly busy and met every demand for specially made coffees, hot chocolates - always with a smile and graciousness despite being under enormous pressure to keep the breakfast buffet topped up and tables cleared and re-set. Nobody could do enough for us - and all with a pleasant smile and can-do attitude (not with a forced smile and couldn't care less atiitude). The Happy Hours were excellent and gave us the opportunity to meet other travellers and share stories and tips. Our children met other children and happily 'explored' the hotel building and grounds and we knew they were safe (although the grounds really aren't that big).The breakfast room and lounge area were delightful (although breakfast could get a little crowded when groups wanted to dine at the same time). We felt safe in letting our children meet in the lounge area without us to chat, play chess and socialise. A digital photo frame is available to slip your camera card into so that you can see a slide show of your photos. Free internet was available and we were also allowed to make a free 10 minute call to anywhere in the world. Fortunately, nobody abused these services, so it's likely they will continue to be provided. However, must confess to over indulging at the Happy Hour as food, juice, wine  water were frequently replenished even when it was close to finishing time.Often no need for dinner afterwards! Our young daughter enjoyed it so much that by 5pm every day she made us rush back to the Hotel David so that we wouldn't miss the Happy Hour. Only drawback was that our room on the ground floor was noisy in the mornings as breakfast was being prepared and served.We could hear every footstep made by every person walking above us. However, if you are an early riser, this shouldn't be a problem. Our friends also had a shower curtain that needed to be held up by someone else while showering. However, they didn't consider it bad enough to complain as they enjoyed the Hotel David so much. Located on a very busy main road, but there is a car park and trees in front and shutters on all windows to buffer the noise. Note that this was not the swankiest or best furnished or most spacious hotel we stayed at, but it was the most comfortable, personable home away from home with little things that made us feel more than welcome. Definitely deserves it's current No. 2 ranking with Trip Advisor. If they provided a washing machine  dryer for guests to use it would be beyond perfect. We LOVE Hotel David.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roadwarriorz
<Content>Hotel David - #1 in our Book       Hotel David - Room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MGT302
<Content>Great Stay We booked this hotel after reviewing the comments on Trip Advisor. They are all accurate in their description of the hotel and staff. The hotel is lovely and clean and the staff are really helpful and welcoming. The hotel is located out of town adjacent to a busy road junction but with double glazed windows you wouldn't know the traffic was there. The hotel is stylish and elegantly furnished and has a relaxing atmosphere. We found it easy to walk into town about 20 mins and get the 'D' bus back from near Ponte Vecchio for only 1.20 Euro per person and arrive right outside the hotel. The staff explained fully how to use the bus and we also bought the tickets from the hotel.This was our 30th Anniversary and was made special by our stay here. We will return.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AllisonSanDiego
<Content>Hotel David is the best! Hotel David was the best place we stayed on our whole trip. The hotel is so cute with a lot of charm. The rooms are spacious and clean. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Prior to our trip they booked tickets for us to The Accedemia and The Uffizi Gallery. Breakfast each morning was always delicious. At other hotels breakfast was usually just pastires and fruit, but at Hotel David there was always much more to choose from. Cocktail Hour is every night form 630-830 with lots of food and wine at no extra charge. If you are planning on going to dinner afterwards don't fill up on the appetizers because you easily could. We will definetly stay at Hotel David again and we plan on recommending it to all our friends. This place is top notch!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kahumorgan
<Content>Love this Hotel This quaint little hotel was my favorite on our Italian vacation. They were always 2 steps ahead and knew what you needed.. The staff was courteous, polite and very helpful. The breakfast was great and at night they had wine and appertives. I liked that the we were out of the hustle and bustle of the main city of Florence but it was just a 20 minute walk away or 5 minute bus ride. The Hotel was very clean and beautiful with a nice little garden. I highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lauraellyn
<Content>If you had thought that Italian Hotel Staff Were Always Rude...... ..then the staff at the Hotel David in Florence will definitely change that impression....We stayed in the Hotel David for just one night, but it was definitely the nicest big city hotel we stayed at in all of Italy....The rooms were huge, even by North American standards, and very much gave the impression that you were staying in a traditional Tuscan villa (so long as you left the TV off)....Also, the staff were kind enough to allow us ot store our bags for 3 days while we Vespa-ed through Tuscany for no chanrge.....we had been afraid that we would have to store them at the train station, where we woudl undoubtably have been paying for the privelege of having rats gnaw on our belongings....Also, if they recommend going to a restaurant in the area, DO go to Trattoria da Beppino....The food is home-cooked, the proprieter is absoultely charming, and he gave us a bottle of Muscat with our dessert for free....If we do come back to Florence, and we will one day, we hope the Hotel David is still taking reservations!Laura  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripSavee
<Content>Great Small Hotel...away from the crowds !!! We just returned from a 4 night stay at the David; Mon. 10/6, then Thurs., Fri., Sat., 10/9-10/11.Our daughter, who is studying in Florence and staying with a host family in the Gravinana district of Florence, rode past this charming hotel on her way to/from school on the Piazza Savonarola.The location is central, but away from the crowds, which we accessed via a lovely drive on the Viale Michelangelo from the AutoEurope office downtown.I was coming down with a bug the first night and the wonderful young man at the desk gave me great advice on how to get to an eye clinic not far from the hotel. Our first room was on the main floor, (only one night), and we liked our second room much better, #20; ample, with plenty of storage, large bathroom and good shower, but also, great working air conditioning, as the weather was nice and warm during our stay in October.We were drawn to this hotel because of the TriAdvisor reviews, and also because we knew we would need parking, which the David not only offered, but made it extremely convenient to use; i.e., if you came in late and could not help but block another car, you simply left them your key and they would jockey the cars around. They closed their property gate at night, as the couple of eateries on the corner were popular for night life.The David is charming, safe, clean, ample, with a simple but satisfying breakfast, (we did not take advantage of the happy hour), and great staff, (I am sorry that I am unable to remember the names of the 2 lovely young ladies, two extremely helpful young men, and a delightful signora who let us in and out around midnight so we could drive our daughter to her homestay); they could not have been more accommodating. For my taste, I prefer to be outside of the tourist activity, yet close enough to walk or take public transportation to main attractions, and the David offered all that.I will not hesitate to refer the David to anyone traveling to Florence...thank you for a lovely stay !!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MD_Chic
<Content>Excellent Value       The entrance to Hotel David.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ginolu
<Content>2nd time even better! Well, what can I say that has not already been said. We ( 6 adults) were here 2 years ago in 2006 and this hotel was perfect, now we just came back from our second visit of Florence and Hotel David (8 of us) and it was even more perfect since they now also allow a free 10 minute phone call to Canada daily. We stayed here 4 nights and when Michele and the owner Gabriele saw me they recognized me right away. They, along with Chiara, Sabrina and the breakfast ladies are just the best hosts anyone can ask for. We love the location because it's in the residential part of Florence and is close to many beautiful restaurants and a Rosticceria which is just around the corner. We purchased wonderful take out food at the Rosticceria and brought it back to the Hotel to eat it in the garden and the front desk gave us plates, glasses, forks, knives, serviettes to eat with. Now that's service! This hotel is spotlessly clean with large rooms, large bathrooms and beautiful balconies overlooking Piazza Ferrucci. I'm already dreaming of returning in 2 years time again, I can't wait.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gaynorandjohn
<Content>Best italian hotel ever Simply one of the best hotel experiences we have had in over thirty years of travelling. Rooms large, clean, quiet with a helpful and pleasant staff. Comfortable lounge with plenty of reading materials and informative books. Free Internet access. Good breakfasts although the breakfast room can't seat all the guests if they turn up at once. Some nice trattorie close by.The hotel is about twenty minutes walk from the centre of Florence but is on bus route 'D' from SMN train station via the centre of Florence. Bus 23A also connects with the hotel. Get off at Piazza Ferrucci. Bus 23 does the same journey in reverse.Simply the best, book it, experience it, enjoy it.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LindsayPinz
<Content>Faultless Previous reviews have said it all. If you are visiting Florence, why stay anywhere else? It was wonderful.In all my travels I have never come across a place where the people are so keen to please.However, if they recomend the Trattoria GiGi for a meal, give it a body swerve. Food utterly disgusting.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>srodrick1
<Content>Just Perfect! Stayed at the hotel David for 4 nights last week. The hotel is situated about 20 min walk to the Ponte Vecchio. If walking doesn't suit, there are 3 buses that stop outside the hotel. They offer a full continental breakfast, which is lovely and fresh espresso's or cappuccino's, which are to die for! Between 6.30pm and 8pm they offer a full range of nibbles ( bowls of pasta, bread and pate ), red/white wine and soft drinks. To be honest they call it nibbles but you could really have a two course dinner for free! This is to encourage guests to coverse with each other, and it really is delightful. We met some lovely people and had learnt some really interesting things! The room we had had a balcony looking over the garden, which I requested, and was very pleased. It is a bit noisy at night time, but that didn't bother us. We were that tired at night time from walking about all day, we could of slept through an earthquake! If this worries you, request a room at the back, but don't think they have balconies. The rooms and bathrooms are spotless and the shower is ferocious! Just what you need after a long day. The staff give a very personal service and even know what room number your in, so you don't have to keep asking when you get the key! Free internet access and 10 min calls worldwide a day. All in all this is a very special hotel. It is rated at a 3 star but to be honest is better thatn some 4 and 5 stars I have stayed in. Can't wait to go back. If your thinking about going to Florence, don't look anywhere else. Book hotel David NOW!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mayjog
<Content>Such a lovely hotel! I love the Hotel David. I have stayed in this beautiful hotel twice and thoroughly enjoyed my stay both times. The staff is so friendly and helpful. They have a happy hour every night with free appetizers and wine that allows you to meet other people staying at the hotel. We travelled throughout Italy both trips  the Hotel David has been my favorite hotel both times. I would stay here again in an instant.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>makem pete
<Content>Great position This hotel is in a perfect position for Florence, just a 15min walk to the old town. The rooms are a good size and have ceilings about 18ft highAt 6:30 till 8:00pm they lay on a buffet with wine for free and to be honest you dont need to go out and eat after it, they just keep bringing out moreThe staff are great really helpfullWhile in Florence make sure you go on the scenic bus tours especialy route B to Firenze which is on the outskirts of the cityWatch out for the expensive drinks while in Florence (12e for 2 small beers) no wonder they can afford Armani suits!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JandA020
<Content>We loved this hotel We booked this hotel after reading previous good reviews on tripadvisor.com. We stayed 3 nights and we weren't disappointed.Although the hotel is about a 20 minute walk from the Duomo and other major sites, the distance actually works to it's advantage, as the hotel really does feel like an oasis after a day amongst the bustling crowds. We generally walked to and from the city but on a couple of occasions we caught buses, which was very easy. The hotel sells bus tickets and the bus stop is just around the corner.Our room (#4) was very big by Italian standards and very clean. However the one thing that set this hotel apart from others was the friendliness of the staff and the general homely feeling they give it..there are even complimentary pre-dinner drinks and nibbles in the garden/lounge, which is a really nice touch.We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>james041
<Content>Brilliant Thanks to all the team at the Hotel David my wife and I enjoyed a great holiday for our wedding anniversary. Nothing was too much trouble for them, the hotel is charming. Many thanks. James, Sussex, England.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shelly053
<Content>Loved Hotel David Florence       Our room at David  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amy920
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel! My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel David for seven nights earlier this month and couldn't have been happier. The location afforded us respite from the city center and every morning we explored areas of the Oltrarno on our walk across the river (about 15 minutes).The staff was, without exception, friendly and helpful. Our first night,feeling too tired to venture far for dinner, we were directed to a local restaurant/pizzeria (La Greppia), where we had a great meal (fantastic pizza). Gabriele, in particular, helped us with a number of issues. When we traveled to Lake Como in the middle of our stay, we simply left our large suitcases at the Hotel.The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. Breakfast is served in a light-filled and charming room, with a variety of both hot and cold dishes and many beverage choices. Cappuccinos are made to order. Free WiFi in the rooms was an unexpected bonus and there's an available computer in the lobby.I highly recommend the Hotel David to anyone looking for reasonably-priced and memorable accommodations in Florence.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TicketyBoo
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent Staff We stayed in Hotel David and agree with the many reviews already on Tripadvisor. The hotel is just out of the busy tourist centre and a pleasant 20 minute walk along the river, but there are frequent buses which stop outside. Our room was large and well equipped with effective sound proofed shutters. Plenty of comfortable communal sitting area with free internet access available. Wide range of local interest books available to browse in lounge area. Evening happy hour in garden was lovely opportunity to relax and meet fellow travellers. Free breakfast was excellent. Limited parking available (although we didn't need it). Located in nice area - felt safe walking back to hotel at night. Staff are extremely helpful and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RR49
<Content>The perfect hotel - The groom's parents, London. We have just returned from a 6 night stay at Hotel David, when our son got married. Where do we start? Friendly, professional, genteel, great ambience, top quality service, cleanliness, car parking facilities, an airport meet and greet service, outside space, great location - in a word, PERFECTION. What is more all this is achieved at a very competitive price. Our family occupied more than a dozen rooms over the week and we all had the most wonderful time.The owners and every member of staff were exceptional and nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast was a leisurely experience - we were never rushed. a lovely array of choices in particular local specialities and cakes. The complimentary aperitifs in the garden each evening were an absolute joy. On the morning of our sons' marriage pre-wedding drinks were arranged to start the day - it was just like being in our own home.Well done, Hotel David. You deserve the highest praise we can give you and more. There can be no better hotel in Florence and we thank you for a beautiful family experience and wish you every success - we will certainly come again.Don't change a thing you have got it just right - YOU ARE THE ULTIMATE HOTEL  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yarra1
<Content>It's all true: a fantastic hotel!       The garden where happy hour happens  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tesoro08
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We had a wonderful stay at the Hotel David. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. We were able to have them assist us with booking a reserved time at the Uffizi so that we did not have to wait in line for tickets. On our second day the staff helped us book a horseback riding excursion in the country. It was the best part of our stay in Florence! The website is listed below. www.horseridingintuscany.com. After riding, included in the price was a fantastic wine tasting a lunch at a local resteraunt in the castle. As for the room at Hotel David, it was extremely spacious and clean. The rooms really are sound proof as we were not able to hear the busy road outside our room. The water was warm in the shower and the complementary breakfast was lovely. The hotel is definitely off the beaten path but we prefer that, a 15 minute walk and you are in town. They have bus service outside not far from the hotel but we did not try that so I can't comment on how well it works. You must try the Fagioli resteraunt just in town, the staff will give you directions. It's amazing, home cooking by a family who has been in business since the 60's. We ate there twice! We would recommend this hotel to everyone. We had a great time and were extremely comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PADSSydney
<Content>Loved the ambience We enjoyed 3 nights in this hotel. Our room was very roomy with charm - old character., the bed very comfortable , a safe is in the room, the daily cleaning was perfect. Quiet at night and well air-conditioned. It feels more like someone's house with its antique furniture and homely decor We also found the location to our liking and away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio, however there are plenty of buses that run from outside of the hotel and the walk itself is lovely as it takes you along the river-tickets at reception. One of the best things about the hotel is undoubtedly the staff, attentive, warm and friendly at all time, extremely helpful from the time you arrive to when you leave.Breakfast was good value and was a good way to start the day. All in all we felt at home and relaxed and this greatly enhanced our holiday. Another feature was the happy hour where they provided nibbles and soft drinks or wine which was a lovely idea and a chance to chat to other guests.The Hotel also includes in the room rate the free internet, and free Skype calls. All round a good experience.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Dom-n-Lin
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! This hotel is amazing and represents superb value. The staff are unbelievably friendly and helpful (they even baked us a special cake as we were getting married whilst out in Florence), the decor is great, our room was huge, they provide a free and very nice aperitif in the evenings and there's plenty of off-street parking to name just a few of the plus points. The hotel cannot be faulted in any way and we look forward to staying again!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Paul96
<Content>A great hotel We enjoyed an excellent week in this hotel. The family room was comfortable and spacious and the staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. Breakfast was good value and was a good way to start the day. We also found the location to our liking; a short bus ride away and away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. All in all we felt at home and relaxed and this greatly enhanced our holiday. Other useful information is the presence of a fantastic deli around the corner who make delicious sandwiches on request for days out etc. I would strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juliejingles
<Content>Perfect I can honestly say that I have never stayed at any hotel where the staff have been so helpful and friendly, they cannot do enough for you. The hotel itself is immaculately clean and my room was a good size.The hotel is about a 20 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio, however there are plenty of buses that run from outside of the hotel and the walk itself is lovely as it takes you along the river.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>londonoverseas
<Content>wonderful hotel An excellent hotel very well located - a reasonable walk to the center of florence alternativly a short bus ride from outside the Hotel - the staff were most helpful , the secluded garden a gem - would definitly return for another stay.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheebud
<Content>Loved Hotel David Stayed at Hotel David End Aug begin Sept for 4 nights. Great Hotel, but the thing that stuck out for me was the friendliness of all the staff. Happy hour where they put on nibbles and soft drinks or wine was a lovely idea and a chance to chat to other guests. Wish all hotels could be like this one.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billbeme
<Content>Favorite Italian Accomodation Great place to stay...comfortable, friendly, and conveniently located.Our only problem was finding the place and it would have been easier if we had followed Hotel David's directions rather than MapQuest, which used the most direct, but less scenic route.We will happily recommend Hotel David to anyone looking for a great base to explore Florence from.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hughie56
<Content>Lived up to expectations Chose the hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews.Friendly and helpful staff. Made reservations for us for Uffizi and AccademiaNice room with charm - old character.Good breakfast . We liked the free internet, free Skype calls, evening aperitif and appetizers in the garden - good opportunity to meet other guests.Hotel is just south of the river about a mile from Ponte Vecchio. 20 minute walk or 2 minute bus ride - bus stop outside the hotel -tickets at reception.All round a good experience.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJLandof10000lakes
<Content>Nice hotel with great service  Lots of good things to say about this place: free breakfast, free happy hour with hors dourves, free long distance calls using their Skype connection, free use of their internet-connected laptop, plus a very friendly and helpful staff ! The rate was very competitive. The room itself was large by European standards, very clean and had a comfortable bed. The room furnishings were quite ordinary. Noise from the street and/or rooms above could be heard (people walking on the wood floors, not voices)...not overly loud but enough that our sleep was just a bit disturbed. The location is a bit far from the heart of Florence (20 minute walk),  buses run frequently but with their schedule also take about 20 minutes. So, it's entirely 'doable' to stay here and enjoy Florence, but a place in the heart of the city would be more convenient. Overall, I would recommend this place as a clean, comfortable, affordable place to stay, with a very friendly and helpful staff !  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Geordie_in_ABZ
<Content>Very Nice Little Hotel - Recommended We stayed in the Hotel David for 4 nights in August, having already had a few days in the Chianti area. The hotel is located on the edge of the city and what could be a nice walk into the centre of Florence can be a bit of a chore when it is 38C, as it was when we were there. However the hotel staff pointed us towards the bus stop just across the road where the small tourist buses run up to the Ponte Vecchio. They were also able to supply a map of the route and multi-trip tickets so no hassle with my non existent Italian.The David is a nice little hotel, the rooms are clean and the breakfast is very good. In the evening there are free snacks and wine in the garden, which is a nice touch and a chance to meet the other guests.However the best thing about the hotel is undoubtedly the staff. They are very helpful from the time you arrive to when you leave. The period when we were in Florence was the time when many of the restaurants close for the summer. However the staff not only suggested good places to go but also volunteered to phone and check that the restaurant was open and make a reservation. What is more when we returned they were keen to know if we enjoyed the meal etc.All in all I can thoroughly recommend it as a great place to have a relaxing stay in Florence.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ronja98
<Content>Incredibly friendly, lovely atmosphere Date : September 4, 2008Reviewer : Gabi SwedenCan' t say enough about how much we loved our stay at the hotel David . We stayed 7 nights and would love to be there still. It was our fifth visit to Italy and by far the best ! From the moment on arrival, we felt like home. Everything was so authentic and charming. Aesthetically very beautiful hotel. Our room , nr 18 , was very spacious, the bed very comfortable , a safe is in the room, the daily cleaning was perfect.Quiet at night and well air-conditioned. Absolute GREAT staff, attentive, warm and friendly at all time, extremely helpful .The hotel is located in a area not too close to the touristic attractions ( historical center ), but not too far that you have a long walk. It takes about 15-20 minutes to the Ponte Vecchio, but you can also take the bus ( 1,20 Euro , you can buy the tickets at the hotel ) Sometimes we went once again later in the evening , we loved the atmosphere on the Ponte Vecchio with nice music made by street musicians . More about the location - the hotel is close to the Piazzale Michelangelo where everyone goes for the spectacular view of the town of Florence. Don' t miss the sunset !We enjoyed the breakfast and the  Happy Hour  in the evening.Really delicious. Free red and white wine, juice , water , small pizza snacks, nuts, chips, olives and a few sallads . You can sit in the nice courtyard and relax after a long days walking.Good Trattorias are in the neighbourhood, just ask the staff and they will help you .As we were there for more than 4 nights in august , one free lunch in a very typical Trattoria was included.We really enjoyed it ! Florence is a magnificent city, just enjoy and explore ! You will not regret staying at this hotel . We will definitely come back !  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusanLC
<Content>Fabulous Hotel  Extraordinary attention to detail and ensuring that guests have an amazing experience! My husband, daughter (age 12) and I stayed for 3 nights. From the gracious courtesy of the staff, to the delicious treats at breakfast and happy hour (both included in your room rate) we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our rooms were lovely, spacious and immaculate. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>pkpiretti
<Content>Absolutely Perfect My husband and I stayed at the Hotel David the week before we were married in Fiesole (Last week of May '07). It was the perfect location. Within walking distance of the center of Florence but out of the way enough to be quiet and relaxing. The room we had was beautiful - huge by comparison to other European hotels I've stayed in!! I loved the little computer nook! And the staff was just amazing! My husband and I wanted a quiet, personal wedding so it was just the two of us traveling. The day of the wedding as we checked out we learned there was a taxi strike! I was not thrilled but was ready to endure a bus ride with dress in tow to where we were getting married in Fiesole. The owner of the hotel however would not hear of it and personally drove my husband and I to Fiesole. They also gave us a bottle of champagne in celebration of our marriage!! We would recommend this hotel to anyone and we can not wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJSkippa
<Content>Lovely Hotel and staff, just more staff at breakfast please. Stayed here for 4 nights. Had a great welcome from a lovely girl as we walked in (sorry forgotten your name). Our room was big with two huge windows looking out of the front of this beautiful old building. Very helpful staff who supplied bus tickets and advice on where to eat. It is a bit of a walk into the city but walking in Florence is no effort. Regular bus drops you off outside hotel if you're tired. Only one criticism. There only appeared to be one member of staff on duty in the breakfast room. There are not enough tables for everyone and they are not cleared quickly so you have to wait whilst the one member of staff gets a free moment to do it. There could be a bit of a queue.This also meant that when the buffet was running low it was not replenished that often. I was unaware at first, but you could order an esspresso or cappucino from this one woman if you managed to catch her between jobs. We went to the cafe next door for a very nice and cheap coffee and danish on the last two days. My tip would be to eat and drink relatively near the hotel as the prices are nowhere near those in the city. Coffee in the City 拢5, outside hotel 拢0.90Having said that I would go back again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Sydney77
<Content>Delightful experience Perfect location across the river, very clean and well maintained. Old world charm with truly exceptional service. Late one evening we had a minor medical problem and the staff contacted a local clinic for us, arranged a taxi and helped us track down a prescription. The breakfast was perfect, the courtyard garden the ideal place to have coffee and plan your day. Close to everything but away from the buzz of the inner city. We truly had good fortune to have discovered Hotel David.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Thatgyrl
<Content>Nothing but the best I don't know even where to begin. Before my arrival I worked with the hotel to book tickets to Uffizi and Academia and they responded promptly and graciously.. After this I knew this would be a great stay. Once I arrived in Florence Hotel David never disappointed. The room and bathroom were large and clean. Breakfast room was so quaint and peacful. Food was great and just what you needed in the morning (quiche, croissant, fruits, etc...) . Apertif was delicious, I had to watch myself so I could save room for dinner . All the wonderful amenities as mentioned here and in the other reviews still come second to the staff. They were helpful and patient and did everything in their power to make our trip wonderful, even when we didn't expect it. Yes, it is about a 20min walk to downtown but its worth it. I would not think of staying anywhere else. Also, about 2 blocks down from the Hotel (along the Arno) there is a place where the young locals hang out and drink outside at night, which was a pleasant surprise.Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>friendlypeople
<Content>Wonderful friendly Hotel For a 3 star Hotel this is absolutely top notch. We had a fantastic 4 night stay covering our 30th wedding anniversary. Gabriele and his team were extremely welcoming and helpful and even left a bottle of wine in our room to celebrate our special day. The happy hour out on the terrace each evening is a really lovely touch and all the food including breakfast was well cooked and very tasty. We would recommend this Hotel to anyone even those who can't walk too far as there is a very good bus service into the heart of the city. Rooms were lovely and clean with a huge bathroom and air conditioning both excellent and quiet.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PalinJunior
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Location We spent one night at Hotel David and to be frank I wish it could have been longer! The hotel feels more like someone's house with its antique furniture and homely decor. Ideally located to the south-east of Florence it is a 20 minute walk into town however the area is well-serviced by buses for the less energetic.Our room was clean, cool and felt very cosy. Aside from the fantastic staff, it is the little things that Hotel David does so well. Nice touches such as the free internet and 10 minute phone call really set it apart. However the best feature has to be the 'aperitivo' on an evening where guests can sample free wine and nibbles in the garden,I hope to return to Florence again and would not even consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikeyl61
<Content>If this is only number 3 what can the best 2 hotels in Florence be like!! Impossible to fault from initial contact to check out. Superb room, comfortable bed, fantastic service. The best hotel we've ever stayed at.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hiskid
<Content>This is the place to stay! Hotel David was great! We stayed there with our 2 teenage daughters in a large room with 4 beds. The bathroom was big and very clean. The beds were comfortable and the air conditioning worked very well, which was important when we were there in July! Florence is SO hot in the summer! The hotel itself is lovely and filled with books and games in the lobby, and the grounds are beautiful to sit in in the evenings. The breakfast was a nice assortment of cold items, and there was plenty of coffee and fruit, which we really appreciated.Our girls enjoyed being able to access the free internet, and Hotel David offers each room 10 min of free calling to many countries, which was a bonus for us. We liked having the secure parking for our rental vehicle, as well.We would definitely stay at Hotel David again, should we ever be fortunate enough to return to Florence!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlanWickersMoustache
<Content>Hidden treasure in Florence Staying at the Hotel David made our 6 day break in Florence every bit as memorable as visiting the Uffizi, the Duomo or Michaelangelo's David!! The hotel is an oasis of tranquility about 15 minutes walk alongside the Arno to Ponte Vecchio. High ceilings, marble floors, pleasant gardens all create the ambience of a Renaisance mansion. The staff were very pleasant and helpful - they will book train or bus tickets for you or recommend a local trattoria, which is popular with the local population and offers much better value than those in the heart of the city centre. Our two rooms were spacious with enormous beds, air conditioning, large bathroom with both bath  shower. The lounge is a great place to read the tourist guides, newspapers and magazines that they provide or even play chess!! WiFi is available throughout and you can use the hotel's PC in the lobby. They even give you one free ten minute phone call worldwide each day. The buffet breakkfast was everything you could want, fresh friut, cereals, fresh bread, boiled eggs etc.The hotel is not in the city centre, but if you can't manage the walk you can catch the bus ( D Service) outside the door to the Ponte Vecchio, which runs regularly till about 9.00pm. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mimi057
<Content>A Great Choice We booked the Hotel David based on the terrific reviews on Trip Advisor and were thrilled with our choice. The hotel was just as we expected and the service was excellent. The staff is very helpful and friendly and made us feel right at home the moment we arrived.The breakfasts were varied and plentiful with delicious cappucinos made to order if desired. The evening happy hour was an added bonus and our kids really enjoyed that time to help themselves to snacks and play in the little garden area.The room (quad) was quite spacious for the 4 of us, with air-conditioning that worked well. We also appreciated the automated shades that allowed us to sleep in a few mornings. The free wireless internet was helpful, as we were able to stay in touch via email throughout our stay.The location is about a 20 minute walk to the city centre...maybe took longer as we were with an 8 and 10 year old...and it was very hot. We did take the bus a couple of times and that was a good option. One night we did find it quite difficult trying to find a bus or even a taxi to take us back to the hotel later in the evening...I am not sure if the busses ran that late.All in all, a great time and we would definitely choose the Hotel David next time we visit Florence.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colsnr
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay My wife and I loved our 3 nights at the Hotel David.We stayed in room 6 which was spacious with a large bathroom too.Hotel is spotless, staff are very nice, breakfast is very good.Overall we cant fault the hotel in any way.Highly recommended.CJ  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OregonExplorers
<Content>Truly, truly a special hotel! From the first moment our taxi pulled up at the Hotel David and the staff came out to the street to greet us and help us in with our luggage, we knew this was not going to be your ordinary hotel stay. Without exception, every one of the staff that we interacted with over our five day stay was truly helpful, smiling, and genuinely friendly.----they were not just doing their job----they were truly nice people! Not to sound corny, but we felt as if we were staying at the gracious house of some family friends. This hotel has done an excellent job of anticipating all the things travelers would need, as well as adding hospitable extras, such as the lovely afternoon appetizers in the garden, 10 free minutes a day of international phone calls, lots of guidebooks, newspapers and reading materials, a breakfast offering different home-baked selections every morning, and more. After a tiring, hot day of doing all the exciting tourist activities, walking into the beautiful, green and peaceful Hotel David was a very welcome part of our adventures.I have never written any type of on-line review like this, but this hotel was truly a delight.Sincerely,The Klitzke-Haver Family,Portland, OR  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachloverstlouis
<Content>Great Hotel!! Loved everything about this hotel!!!!!! The staff was helpful and extremely friendly. They greet us with a bottle of wine on our bed for our anniversay..nice touch. The room was nicely decorated comfortable, spacious and clean. They had a happy hour every evening out on their backyard that was just lovely with food and wine. The hotel has a great location in Florence too. We were able to walk everywhere. I wasn't sure what to expect since I did this trip all online but I was so pleasantly surprised with this place. I would recommend it in a heartbeat. If you get a chance get a reservation at La Giostra too. Somewhat expensive..... but sooooooo romantic and the food and service is excellent.Michelle-St Louis, MO  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>charlotte050
<Content>hotel david the best The Hotel David was recommended by my sister who stayed there two years ago and loved it. My daughter and I stayed there this July and were not disappointed. It was definately the best place we stayed on our entire trip. The staff were excellent and most helpful, going above and beyond the call of duty. They even downloaded our photos onto a disk so we didn't have to buy a new memory card. The food at the breakfast and the happy hour in the evening was really good and abundant. I am a good cook so I appreciate quality in that area. Our room was spacious and beautifully appointed with a great ensuite! The hotel is on the far side of the Arno from the main action but very walkable. We took the bus in one day which was very easy, but walked most of the time. Everyone I talked to while socialising during the happy hour were equally impressed and said they would definately come back.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dandlbell
<Content>Perfecto! Fantastic hotel! Would stay there again in a heartbeat. Staff was very helpful, decor was tasteful, afternoon wine and appetizer time was a great way to talk to others that are seeing the city. A restful place to stay after all of that walking in Florence!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckygirl322
<Content>Lovely hotel! We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel David! We had a very comfortable room, with a small terrace and a recently renovated bathroom. Breakfast was consistantly good and varied. The location was great; we could walk to downtown Florence in about 15 minutes, or catch a bus right outside the hotel. The staff was always friendly, and ready to help with any questions or concerns. We also enjoyed the nibbles put out in the lobby in the evening; this was a great way to meet other travelers. What a great idea!We would not hesitate to visit the Hotel David again, and will definitely recommend it to friends visiting Florence!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>RRRL
<Content>Fantastic My family and I stayed here for 3 wonderful nights. We were in the middle of a 25 day trip through Europe. Of all the places we stayed by far the Hotel David provided the best overall service and accomodations. The entire staff is very service focused. The room we had comfortably housed my family of 4 and the atmosphere was incredible. It felt like we were staying at someone's home. Good breakfast and the light snack and drinks in the evening were great. Met lots of other people. Also they provide free 10 mins of phone service each day. This was great for the kids as they called their friends each day. Internet access was also free. Staff was very helpful with tour and dinner arrangements. Overall just a wonderful experience  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YvetteWigan_UK
<Content>Wonderful, friendly hotel Can't fault this hotel at all! We really enjoyed our stay - the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful - their english was fantastic even though I did try out my limited italian. Rooms were clean and cool and the breakfast was excellent. Hope to be able to return one day.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrincessPocketRocket
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Very friendly and helpful staff. Beautiful and peaceful location - about 10 walk into the centre of Florence. Aperatif served everyday and great opportunity to meet other travellers. Very clean and comfortable. Beautiful antique furniture. We will return!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pigster104
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed 4 nights at the Hotel David and we were absolutely knocked out from the moment we checked in. The hotel is a period mansion, beautifully decorated and in a nice spot, just on the outskirts of town.The room was a good size, with high panelled ceilings, beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. The furniture appeared period and totally suited the room, with lots of storage space.The bathroom was also a good size, with a powerful walk-in shower.Remote control aircon is included, as is a digital safe.All the staff were very friendly and helpful - advising on things like local transport and restaurants etc.The buffet breakfast was lovely - cereal, yoghurt, fresh croissants/bread rolls, fresh fruit/cocktail and Italian savouries/sweets - enough to keep you going well into the afternoon. Happy hour is not to be missed if you can help it - free wine and snacks in the garden every night!We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to come back.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laujac
<Content>Did Not Disappoint Wonderful hotel. Our rooms were spacious and spotlessly clean. The hotel has a beautiful garden where you can sit and unwind after a day touring the city. Book this hotel... you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RockyKanuck
<Content>Excellent Value, Great Staff We were so glad we choose this hotel as it conveniently located. The staff were polite and helpful and the rooms were very clean. Thank you for a great stay!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeslieRMH
<Content>Great stay at Hotel David! We stayed at Hotel David for 3 nights in early July. We were extremely pleased with the hotel. The location was great: a bit off the beaten path, but within 15-20 minutes walking distance to Ponte Vecchio.The rooms were quite large and nicely appointed. Both of our rooms (a double for us, and a triple for our 3 kids) each had a balcony, with chairs, which we enjoyed. Breakfast was wonderful, and they were re-filling plates and pitchers even as breakfast was supposed to be closing. The evening 鈥渟nack鈥?was also a very nice touch, served in a lovely garden. We had a car, and it was wonderful to be able to park right at the hotel.The only issue we had was with the locks and keys. The doors can only be locked and unlocked from inside the rooms, with the key. Without thinking, we locked the door of our kids鈥?room and took the key with us. We did this in other hotels, which made it easy to wake them up in the morning, without banging on the door (they鈥檙e all heavy sleepers!). However, it turns out that they could not get out of their room! This could have been a serious safety issue. In fact, we locked our own room and, out of habit, removed the key from the lock. Had there been an emergency, we might not have been able to get out of our own room as well. The simple solution is awareness of the issue and to always keep the key in the lock. We mentioned this to the staff as we departed, and they were very receptive to the issue. I鈥檓 very surprised that we were the first to raise this issue.I would stay at Hotel David again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RMDRJD
<Content>Wonderful hotel This is a charming, wonderful hotel. The rooms are clean and wonderfully decorated. The staff professional and very willing to help with all your needs. Nice breakfast and happy hour in the evening. A short taxi ride to all sites. Some sites are in walking distance about 30-45 min. There is parking if you have car.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pipmunch
<Content>Wonderful We went to Florence for a short break. The hotel was really really really nice. Very clean and the staff were all very attentive and extremely polite. The breakfasts were delicious, and the happy hour/s of complimentary wine, juice and snacks were brilliant. A superbyly ran hotel with a lovely personal touch, we will definately be visting again very soon.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DallasTraveler08
<Content>Highly recommend Hotel David Hotel David was a splurge for us on our trip to Italy in June 2008. It exceeded all our expectations. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and included a sparkling bath with generous shower and fluffy towels.But the best part was the lavish breakfast which included not just cereals and rolls, but also antipasto meat and cheese, coffee cakes and other sweets, fresh fruit salad or whole fruits and yogurt, and orange juice, coffee and tea. Everything was self serve and we were happy to be able to forego lunch and keep sight seeing.Travelers who enjoy American and British BBs will love Hotel David. In addition to the fabulous breakfasts, the hotel offers a happy hour with aperitifs, white and red wine, and snacks, served in the lounge or outdoors in the beautiful garden. We enjoyed sitting outside having a glass of wine and visiting with other hotel guests.I would definitely recommend Hotel David to all American travelers to Florence. It was a terrific value.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quin-i-bog
<Content>Top service at this small and friendly hotel! I stayed here with my husband and a friend last weekend. What a fantastic choice! Urged on by the Trip Advisor recommendations of good service we chose this hotel for our final weekend in Tuscany and it did not disappoint. From the second we pulled up in our hire car we were made to feel welcome and at home. The front of house staff are simply fantastic. They recommended great restaurants - and before we ventured out each day they checked our arrangements as there was a festival going on and not all activities and exhibitions were open as advertised. The staff phoned ahead, booked taxis, arranged tickets and did simply everything to make sure our days went exactly as planned. The hotel itself is in a cool, quiet part of Florence away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre which is a 15 / 20 minute stroll away along the banks of the Arno. If it's too hot to walk there are 2 bus stops just over the road and taxis arrive within minutes of being called. Our rooms were nice enough with window shutters and good air conditioning (essential!!) and all the amenities you'd expect in a 3/4 star hotel including king sized beds, mini bar and satellite TV. Breakfast is a cold buffet and the happy hour provides free wine / soft drinks and nibbles on the terrace between 6.30pm and 8pm. But it is the staff who make this hotel - I can't praise them enough - they were superb!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cgpit
<Content>Stolen Bag Just want to warn anyone staying at this hotel that we had a bag of ours stolen in the hotel lobby.When we arrived our room was not ready. The front desk clerk, a blond, told us that we could leave our bags in the lobby behind the couch and they would be ok. She told us if we wanted to go get something to eat and come back, our room would be ready.We were gone about 20 minutes and brought back our food to eat in the garden, right next to the lobby, where she suggested.We saw that she was starting to take our bags to the room so we got up to go in. When we got the to the room, my sister immediately noticed a blue bag, which had items she had purchased, as well as my niece's Louis Vuitton purse in it, was gone.We looked everywhere in the lobby. It was no where. There was a family checking out at the same time we came and we thought perhaps they took it by accident. The clerk said she would call the hotel they were going to in Rome and let us know if they had it. When we got back from dinner, she said they did not have it. We then spoke with the Hotel Manager, he basically blamed us. He told us we should have never left it in the lobby and then tried to say we left in the taxi. My sister, niece and nephew all saw the bag before we left for lunch. When we asked him about the hotel's insurance, he told us that since he was not 100% sure it was stolen, he could not file a claim. Again he tried to blame us for leaving it. When i told him that the front desk clerk is the one that told us to leave them, he then defended the hotel saying it was so safe he regularly leaves his wallet on the desk. When i confronted him about his contradicting himself by saying we shouldn't have left valuables, he turned red. He also said that the front door is always locked and someone is at the front desk at all times. This is absolutely not true. The front door was closed 1 time in the 4 days we were there and the front desk clerks regularly left the desk to either go outside or up to the eating area. He was completely unhelpful and made us feel responsible. We finally got fed up with his inaction and went to the local police station in Florence. The police officer who took the report immediately said that the hotel was violating basic rules by not having a baggage room to lock up bags. He also said the hotel should take responsibility for the stolen bag, as it was in their lobby and under their protection. He advised also to have their insurance handle it. I told him the Hotel Manager's response and he couldn't believe it. He told us to report this to the local Hotel Business Group that helps tourist who have experienced problems at hotels and pressures them to improve their standards. To make a long story short....DO NOT LEAVE YOUR ITEMS UNATTENDED NO MATTER WHAT THEY TELL YOU!!Unfortunately we had to learn the hard way at the cost of hundreds of dollars. The decent thing for the hotel to do was to reimburse us or atleast give us a night free. However, the only thing this Hotel Manager did was to blame us because they don't have basic security standards that any other reputable hotels have. The rooms themselves were nice but the breakfast was the worst we had in our 17 day stay in Italy. If you decide to stay here and your room in not ready, either wait with your bags in the lobby or take them with you!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderlustLangwarrin
<Content>Warm And Welcoming Home Away From Home I booked the Hotel David based purely on Tripadvisor comments and boy were we delighted we did. What a fantastic hotel this is. The Staff are very helpful and Gabriel is the perfect host.A very generous man, who offers a home away from home experience.Every night happy hour drinks on the patio is complimentary with hot savoury snacks, wine etc. Not many hotels offer this kind of atmosphere and the Hotel David are to be complimented on their approach to making every guest a very welcome member of a large family. A quiet area of Florence but within walking distance of the main attractions of Florence. We decided to take the bus, D Bus, as it is known. Piazzale Michaelangelo is nearby and gives a fantastic view over Florence.Our rooms were tastfully decorated in typical Florentine decor as is the whole hotel. It is like an old family home converted into hotel rooms of which there are only 25. We had an absolutely fantastic time and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any visitor looking for a more personal touch to their accommodation.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkpeters
<Content>Florence Gem Our family of four thoroughly enjoyed our 3-night stay in a very spacious and well appointed room. The bathroom was quite nice and large too. We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Their helpful advice in scheduling tours and going over bus routes was much appreciated. We greatly enjoyed the evening happy hour with its very generous offerings of food and drink. The large continental breakfast in the lovely sunlit dining room was a great way to start the day. Lastly, the free internet access and 10-minute call each day were terrific perks. I would highly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thinkyoung
<Content>Amazing Customer Service My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at Hotel David from June 5th through the 11th. From the moment we walked in the door we were treated like family. We were greeted by Chiara and later met the owner Gabrille as well as additional staff Maria and Francesca (please excuse spelling errors!). I had alerted the staff of some specific food allergies I had upon making the reservation. Within 5 minutes of checkin the staff made me aware of their knowledge of this. They not only had done research to seek out local restaurants where I would be able to safely dine but they had purchased gluten free cookies and gluten free frozen pizza which they prepared for me during their nightly happy hour! The staff consistently went above and beyond what was expected of them and made every moment of our stay enjoyable. We had a beautiful room with a patio which overlooked their beautiful and well kept patio (Room #1). The hotel was very near 2 bus stops and within walking distance to many sights. We'll definately return to Hotel David if/when our travels lead us back to Florence!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfhennecke
<Content>Great Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seeb
<Content>Home away from home We stayed for three nights at the Hotel David. The facility is very charming with wonderful architectural features and a comfortable atmosphere.Every night they have complimentary wine  snacks out on the terrace or in the living room of the weather is not cooperating. This is a wonderful way to meet other people at the hotel so we can share our experiences and get advice on what to see, do and where to eat.The staffs were very helpful and could not have been more attentive. One afternoon after a hard day of sightseeing, I went down to the little bar area and asked for a glass of wine to take to my room. When I went to pay for it, the fellow said that it was complimentary. How nice and generous of him and the hotel.The breakfasts were also very good with lots of choice.The location was fabulous. We were out of the hubbub of the Centro but had easy access with a 5-minute bus ride from our hotel.If I were to return to Florence, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ash108
<Content>A home from home Fantastic period style hotel located about a 15 minute walk from the Duomo. The rooms are fantastic and very homely. Excellent friendly staff who were always willing to help in any way. While the area around the hotel is mainly residential you can walk or get a bus into central Florence from right outside.Highly recommended if you want a real break in a real hotel and not just another anonymous business hotel  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thrall
<Content>Super staff! The best part of our stay at the Hotel David was the staff. They helped us find a lively trattoria for dinner. They tried so very hard to help me recover my cell phone. They host a convivial, generous wine and snack event in the evenings. They juggle multiple guests' needs in the small check-in area with aplomb.The second best part was the very fair price they charge for a room in Florence.Since one of our party has arthritis, the somewhat long walk (15-20 min., a bit over a mile) to the Ponte Vecchio made the location unsuitable for us. If you want to get away from the tourist maelstrom and the more unsavory parts of town, however, the location is great. It's almost on the river, has a small courtyard-garden, and has flower boxes in many of the windows.Our room was a bright shade of salmon, and the halls are adorned with small murals for trim, so the decor is cheerful. Our room was large enough, though not large, and the bathroom was clean, white tile with one of those tiny quarter-round showers that are ubiquitous in Italy. The room was quiet too.The common spaces are filled with comfy, overstuffed furniture and well-used by the guests. In general, the furnishings are older, some antique, some not. There is no glamour and no drama to this hotel, just homey charm.Breakfast was standard continental - coffee, juices, rolls, baked goods, ham, cheese, yoghurt. The lift is small and up a few steps, but serviceable.I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LaughaLot77
<Content>Great Stay at the Hotel David! Our stay at the Hotel David was fantastic. The staff is extremely helpful, the most accommodating of any hotel on our trip in Italy. They were happy to make reservations, print train schedules, order a rental car, offer an itinerary for a day trip, and much more. The attention to detail was wonderful - from the happy hour in the afternoon to the delicious breakfast in the morning.We had a beautiful room. Since we're traveling on our honeymoon, they made it extra special, leaving us a bottle of wine to enjoy on our first night. The bathroom was big, bright and clean.The hotel is about a 15 minute walk (or two bus stops) from the Ponte Vecchio bridge. This was fine for us since we left in the morning and didn't return until our sightseeing for the day was finished. If you want to come in and out of your hotel during the day though, you may find this hotel too off the beaten path. Ask the staff to recommend a restaurant near the hotel. We ate at two (whose names I can't recall) but they were the MOST delicious and best priced meals on our entire stay.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoNoles
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful! Hotel David was such a wonderful place to stay. The staff seemed to truly love their job of making our trip the best it could be. They were so extremely helpful and had great recommendations. Our room was very large with a nice sized bath (certainly by European standards). The breakfast was one of my favorites. We really enjoyed the free wine and appetizers offered in the garden each evening. It gave you time to sit, relax and get to know the other guests. One of the best ammenities though was the free 10 minute call home each day and free internet. Since I have little ones it gave me one more time to check on them and keep us all at ease.While it is slightly outside of town, that was never a problem. We enjoyed the walk several times and used the bus the others. The bus stop is right outside so it was very convenient. All the extras of this hotel make it certainly worth it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deebsx
<Content>Simply outstanding!! We stayed at Hotel David for 3 days during our visit to Florence on a motorcycle tour of Europe to see the MotoGP in nearby Mugello. Of all the hotels we stayed in, Hotel David was by far the most enjoyable. Location, room, amenities, food, and above all else service. Absoultely superb. Staff went out of their way to help us find local attractions, book tickets, print train timetables, etc. They were extremely accomodating with regards our motorcycles too, securely parked in a beautiful courtyard, overlooked by our very own balcony! They even let us use a convenient hose to wash them down! A truly fantastic hotel in every respect. And a discount for being called Dave!! It can't get any better!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sanfino
<Content>A Pleasure with wonderful service and considerations Thank you Hotel David! Very clean room and bath, excellent breakfast, great location. But most of all, and so important when traveling to a city for the first time (and you don't speak the language), the entire staff at the Hotel David were very helpful, patient, pleasant, and always gave me the best direction and advise. They definitely played a major part in making my 5 day stay in the beautiful city of Florence, a very wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mark709
<Content>Quit searching - You found the one! This was by far the best hotel we stayed at in our 12 day tour of Italy. The best breakfast, best staff and best ammenities. Quiet location with a 15 minute walk to Realto. There are several good restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk. They have free wifi and free happy hour with wine and lots of really good snacks. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. They went above and beyond on every occasion. Parking is included. Rooms were very clean and quiet.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nyknicksfanatic
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed the Hotel David! My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at the Hotel David, and it offers a great value. All front desk employees are very helpful and speak fluent english. While the hotel is not in the center of Florence, the Hotel David is in a quiet  beautiful residential area and we were able to walk to the Ponte Vecchio and Piazza Michelangelo within 18 minutes. The hotel itself is more like a bed  breakfast than a traditional hotel, but it was very comfortable and very clean. And if you rent a car, it has on-site parking. Overall, we recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlalpeno
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, just as we expected. Wonderful breakfast and great happy hour with snacks, juice and wine. On busy street in a great neighborhood. Freindly and helpful staff. We had a car, and parking it was easy and free on the hotel grounds behind a locked gate. Easy bus ride to all the standard Florence attractions.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mssavion
<Content>Lovely, just as promised! Out of the four hotels we stayed in this trip, we both rated Hotel David as the nicest. We were warmly greeted upon arrival, and shown up to our lovely room overlooking the garden area. The room was spotless, as if we were the first ones to use it! The breakfast was very tasty, and the complimentary wine and snacks were a welcome treat in the evenings. We thought the hotel was ideally located in a quiet area, but close enough to walk to the historical sites. Be sure to take the bus to the top of Piazza Michaelangelo, the best photos can be taken from this area which is quite close to the hotel. All in all, this was a real find, and we would surely stay there again. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BerilIstanbul
<Content>Excellent hotel to stay in Florence This hotel was chosen by the Tripadviser as the best hidden gem in Florence and we took our chance. I would like to say thank you because this was a great boutique hotel and it made our stay excellent in Florence. It is 15 minutes walk to Ponte Vecchio, but your route is to walk by the Arno river, therefore it is great. People are very helpful and friendly. It has a beatiful small garden where you can have your wine when you come back to the hotel after your dinner.The very important thing is that the rooms and the bathroom are extremely clean. It is a house with around 20 rooms and with a very lovely lobby. Thank you thank you thank you... Definetely recommend to everyone...  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FFVan
<Content>everything as promised We found this hotel to be excellent value. Very friendly and helpful owner and staff. Well furnished, felt like a country inn although just over the Arno river, a short bus ride from the centre of Florence. Books and magazines, a real sitting area for guests near the reception desk, and a very pleasant ending to a day's sightseeing with wine and aperitifs at 6:30. Comfortable beds, spacious room, parking on the property. We would definitely stay there again.F  A, Vancouver  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>PatriciaF
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Great Staff       Line at Accademmia at 830 AM May 2  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fish1988
<Content>Fantastic find! Hotel David was outstanding! We stayed for 3 days. Wewere definitely not disappointed. Hotel David is simplycharming and was everything I had hoped for as this wasour 1st time in Florence. We picked it based on all thegreat reviews on Trip Advisor. Lots of charm, were treatedlike family, great appetizers and wine in the evening.Beds were wonderful and bathrooms, though small,were spotless and were decorated with colorful italian tile.It is located on the other side of the Arno and is justa nice walk to the Ponte Vecchio. It was nice at the endof the day to come back to the Hotel David with it's greeneryand away from all the motor bikes. All the hotel staff werewonderful, helping us with anything from restaurants tomuseum tickets. We look forward to coming back andwould definitely stay there again.LaurieHolly Springs, NC  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dutch123
<Content>Full of character Hotel was one of 3 hotels we stayed at on our trip to Italy. We were encouraged by other reviews.We found hotel full of character, in a great location with helpful friendly staff. Our only criticism is that the bathrooms, although absolutely clean, are looking slightly dated and lack the character of the rest of the hotel. But that would really be our only criticism. Immaculately clean everywhere.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Italotraveller
<Content>perfect stay in Florence Our family (2 adults, 2 children) stayed at the Hotel David for three nights. It was our first trip to Florence, and we couldn't have picked a better hotel. Our room was large for the four of us, impeccably clean, and the bathroom was a good size as well (especially the shower cabin). My kids liked all the hotel decorations, from the pictures to the wall stickers and the many books and magazines. The hotel staff has the friendliest and most helpful people I have encountered in a long time. They had good recommendations, they were energetic, and always willing to talk with a smile on their face. Happy hour was fun. My husband and I would enjoy a glass of wine, while our children played in the little garden outside.The location was excellent, right at the foot of Piazzale Michelangelo (best views over Florence). Every evening we would take a stroll up there. It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Ponte Vecchio, or if you are tired you could take the bus. Breakfast was good, the cappuchino was excellent. Hotel David is like a 4star hotel, and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Florence.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mellowAustralia
<Content>What a great hotel We selected Hotel David through TA and we were not disappointed. From the moment you arrive you are made to feel welcome. Our room was delightful with a comfortable bed and very clean.It was the extra things that made the hotel exceptional. they provide internet access for free and when you arrive you are given your sign on for the period of your stay. They also have a happy hour each evening from 1800-1900 where they provide red and white wine and 'nibbles'. This was a great way to share travel tips with fellow guests and contributed to the overall friendly atmosphere of the hotel. The office staff were always friendly and helpful. Hotel David was our first impression of the Italian hotel hospitality and we were impressed.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvtravel25
<Content>Unforgettable Hotel David is one of the six hotels we stayed at while in Italy. My husband agrees that this was the best of the six. The staff was warm and friendly- giving directions, making reservations and going above and beyond in every way. Sabrina was great! Florence was a very busy city and the hotel is walking distance to almost everything but away from the craziness. It was nice to be South of the Arno. Our room had tall ceilings, a great shower with hot water and good pressure and comfortable bed. Breakfast was good and presented nicely. I thought the coffee was nice and strong as well. Internet and happy hour make this hotel wonderful. We had quite the lively group one evening after happy hour and met some interesting people from all over the world. The hotel is on a busy street that leads up to Piazza Michaelangelo. You would never know it at night or sleeping in the next day as there was a button to push next to the window with an electric cork board that pulled down and closed out most sound and all light. I have nothing negative to say about this place. I hope their prices stay the same and that they continue the happy hour. As far as other advice I have to give- you HAVE to book a wine tour through Chianti and you HAVE to use Nathalie. She was so knowledgable and knew all the owners of the vineyards and castles and we got a behind-the-scenes tour almost everywhere we went. The owners chatted like old friends and handed the key over to her and we were free to explore the wine cellars of old castles and see where they make wine, balsamic and olive oil. She spoke English very well and had a great sense of humor. She picked us up from our hotel and drove us around for the day. She dropped us off in Greve to shop and took us to a family-owned place for lunch. Best day of the whole trip thanks to her (natintuscany@hotmail.com). I found her on tripadvisor. Restaurants- Gigi's was OK, Garden Room 15 euros for a drink!!!Ahhh!! That is a lot when the American dollar is performing so poorly. Il Latino had a neat atmosphere, but a long wait and the food was overrated. Our favorite was Osteria Antica Mescita San Niccolo. Walking distance from hotel and best cream of mushroom soup and a great beef and curry dish and good house wine. We loved the Boboli Gardens and wish we had spent more time there and would not have missed the view from the top of the Duomo. I know I got off subject here, but had to mention the few things that made our trip memorable. Overall, a wonderful 4 days and worth the exchange rate.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bestepappa
<Content>Florence is David Hotel..(beside the rest)       only a little detail from our room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lisa1446
<Content>Best Hotel of our Trip! I can't say enough about this place. We stayed in 5 cities during our trip in April, and while they were all great, this was our favorite. The staff treated us like family, and were extremely helpful with their directions and reccomendations. It was the only hotel during our trip that offered a free computer room with Internet. The room was beautiful. We honestly hated leaving! We will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrPH_8
<Content>P_H We visited Firenze in the beginning of April 2008. Because of a real chaos at Zurich airport we arrived to Hotel David at 1:00 in the night, 11 hours later than scheduled. The receptionist was very helpful and she even would have fixed us some coffee and something to eat in the middle of night, but we were very exhausted and only needed sleep. Our room was not very spacious but newly painted and the beds were comfort. There were no shelves in the bathroom, which was a real flaw. The towels were changed every day, which is not usual in every hotel. Also the room was cleaned daily. Sometimes we heard snoring from the neighbour room, but it did not disturb us.During our five nights staying the breakfast was much the same every morning. Just sufficient to start the day and keep the hungry away until the lunchtime. In some morning the waitress even asked if we liked to have cappuccino, which was not in the regular choice. A pleasant surprise was the wine and snacks service every evening. The reception staffs were very helpful and ready to give advises. They behaved very tactfully, never self-assertive, but always were willing to help whatever we asked. The hotel has own web pages www.davidhotel.com where you can choose one of 16 languages to check the availability and make the reservation. That is what I call a standard of service.The hotel locates in peaceful surroundings, not in the historical centre. Anyway, there are good bus connections if you don鈥檛 like to walk 15 鈥?30 minutes to reach the mainly tourist attractions.We enjoyed this decent hotel with obliging service, clean rooms and quiet nights to sleep. If we return Firenze some day, we surely check first the availability of Hotel David.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrDave66
<Content>Excellent with Helpful and Friendly Staff My wife and I stayed in the Hotel David for three nights last week. The hotel is well situated about 20 minutes walk from the Ponte Veccio and is served by frequent buses to the centre of Florence (5 - 10 minute trip depending on time of day).The hotel is comfortable, clean and has lots of character and fantastic bathrooms. A buffet breakfast was included in our deal and had a variety of food to suit all tastes. There was also a happy hour in the evening (not sure if it is every evening, as we only availed of it once) with complimentary wine and snacks.The staff of the hotel were most accommodating and helpful. We arrived very late at night and were welcomed and checked in with the minimum of fuss. Staff at the reception desk helped us with transport timetables, directions and bus tickets, and arranged taxis when there was a short term bus strike. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LindaSeattle
<Content>Exceptional Guest Service This hotel is a true delight. It is a quaint, 500 year old villa that was converted into a hotel fifty years ago.It is within walking distance to the main tourist sights. About a twenty minute walk.A breakfast buffet is served in the morning and it consists of fresh, homemade baked items. Appetizers/beverage is served in the evening in a very cozy sitting area. There are many tour books and art books to browse through.I cannot say enough about the friendly, polite, helpful staff. They were wonderful.The Wilson family. Seattle, Washington  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Magdelene
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Hotel David after reading the reviews and I can say we were not disappointed. It is a lovely place to stay either for a weekend or longer. The rooms are lovely and of a reasonable size, we were on the front of the building and although a little noisy, because of the outside traffic, the double glazing kept most of the noise out. The lounge area was delightful, it was decorated and laid out as though it was a country house. The happy hour is free wine and nibblets which was fine if you wanted to meet the other hotel guests. Drinks can be ordered from the bar, albeit small, at a resonable price and later in the evening you pretty much have the lounge to yourself. The dining room, although small, was quaint and the breakfast was OK with plenty choice of continental food (No fry ups for the Brits but this is Italy so wasn't a problem for us). The staff were exceptional and, as commented in previous reviews, very helpful, a member of our party's luggage had been left behind in England (airport's fault, not hers) and the staff made many phone calls to assist her in locating the luggage once it had arrived in Italy. This hotel is truly a gem of a place and close to the centre. We tried the resturant, Gigi, round the corner as recommended by another trip advisor, but we found a better one (in our opinion) at the Ponte Vecchio bridge which served larger portions and tastier food. This was called Ristorante Alfredo sull'Arno, if anyone wants to try it out. Had absolutely nothing to complain about our trip and would recommend Florence and the beautiful Hotel David to anyone, we will most certainly stay there again the next time we visit Florence. An add on for the younger generation (as we were 45 to 57) this is not the place if you like an impersonal hotel or a hotel with some activity, however if you are into romance and are prepared to go out for a romantic meal then this is the place to be at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelloverBelfast
<Content>Loved Hotel David I loved this hotel. We stayed for four nights (24th-28th March 2008) and would have loved to stay longer. Its spotless clean and in a really nice location. The owner and all the staff are extremely friendly and go out of their way to help you with recommendations for places to visit, restaurants etc. My husband celebrated his 50th birthday when we were there and when we came back to our room that evening there was a bottle of wine and glasses laid out on a tray along with a note wishing him a happy birthday a really nice gesture.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElaineTexas
<Content>A gem of a hotel We just returned from a trip to Florence and stayed three nights at the Hotel David. The staff was wonderful in that they were very friendly, helpful and accommodating. The hotel is lovely and the rooms are clean, comfortable and nicely appointed. We would definitely stay at the Hotel David again!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jojobeanWashingtonDC
<Content>Only place to stay while in Florence We have been to Florence 4 times and wouldn't stay anywhere else on future trips. Sabrina and the entire staff are truly exceptional! The rooms are nice, the bathrooms large and have been updated. The early evening snack and wine is a nice touch and provides an opportunity to meet others. Stop looking and book with Hotel David, you wont be sorry you did.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneLizzard
<Content>Fabulous Boutique Hotel Stayed in the Hotel David for two nights while on our 3 month around the world odyssey. We weren't disappointed. Decided to stay here after reading TripAdvisor reviews and as time had proved again and again - we were pleased and delighted with our choice - all thanks to the reviews on TripAdvisor. We would describe the hotel as a small 'boutique' hotel with extremely friendly and helpful staff and wonderfully clean bedrooms and bathrooms (and amazingly spacious for european standards). Our room (I can't remember the actual number but it was on the ground floor) had an amazing four poster bed which was ever so comfortable and luscious! The breakfasts were lovely but we can't comment on the 'happy hour' as we were never around at that time to take advantage of it. The walk into the centre of Florence and to the Ponte Vecchio was a nice 20 minute stroll away from the hotel and was always an enjoyable experience, especially so at night when you see all of the lights reflecting off the river. The very helpful and friendly staff were always on hand to assist whenever needed (be that for restaurant recommendations or how to get to such and such). Highly recommend staying at this hotel if you are ever in Florence and highly recommend the use of TripAdvisor when deciding on where to stay wherever in the world you may be. It was indeed the best 'tool' we used when we did our 3 month trip (and the reviews and recommendations were always spot on - I know we wouldn't have had as great a trip as we did if it wasn't for being able to choose such great accommodation).Liz and Ian, Melbourne, Australia.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tnorfrog
<Content>Off the Beaten Path       View from the entryway  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happycaryn
<Content>A Perfect 10 Our adult family of 5 stayed at the David from 12/29-1/2. It was a flawless vacation and we owe it all to the Hotel David. The staff was patient, kind, and accomadating. We changed our check in date (very last minute) and they were flexible and patient as we bumbled through our maze of mind changing plans. The staff at the front desk was consistently friendly and directed us to wonderful restaurants, laundry facilities, and museums. One tip, don't bother going to the nearby gym. They kept us waiting for 20 minutes while they (supposedly) looked for someone to take our $ and get us into the facility. We gave up. Excuse me for digressing. We stayed in Rooms 11 and 15. They were both spacioius and attractively decorated. The bathrooms were upgraded and spotless. The daily breakfast were delicious and the lovely lady incharge was a very hard worker. I would only return to the Hotel David upon a return visit to Florence.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crundle
<Content>Perfect position Dec.18/2007We spent 3 weeks in Italy with our adult children and rate Hotel David as one of the best 'finds' of our trip. The staff were courteous and helpfull, the rooms comfortable and spacious and the breakfasts excellent. We enjoyed the 'happy hour' as it gave one the opportunity to meet other guests. The hotel is positioned on the banks of the Arno at the foot of the Piazza Michelangelo. It is easy to get to from the station and a pleasant walk into the centre of town. We don't hesitate to reccommend the Hotel David and will certainly stay there on our next trip.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zoh
<Content>Home away home at Hotel David Our family of 4 stayed at Hotel David from December 19 to December 21, 2007. As soon as we entered the hotel lobby, we smelled firewood and a staff welcomed us. This is not a big hotel; it is rather staying your friends/family's house. We stayed at Room 15, which is a family room. The room is quite big for 4 beds. They have a happy hour from 6 to 8, serving local wines, juice, and snacks. The bus stops are less than a minute walk from the hotel. Free internet service is provided at lobby.We really loved all staffs - they always had a big smile and wanted to help us for sightseeing and restaurant recommendations. If you want to relax and feel welcomed, this hotel would be the home away home. We love the Hotel David!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IQRoadRunner
<Content>Great Hotel for Business Too Business colleague and myself had a call in Florence on a Friday and needed to spend a weekend before more business calls Monday in other areas of Europe. Chose Hotel David because of Trip Advisor reviews and we weren't dissapointed. Beautiful Hotel. Roomy, super clean, and nicely decorated. Friendly, knowledgeable and helpful staff. they all spoke excellent English. We had free WIFI, so got a lot of work done in addition to enjoyning the Hotel and city. Brought our laptops down to the spacious sitting area off the main lobby and enjoyed the fire, Christmas tree, and free snacks and wine in the evening while surfing the Internet. If you are a road warrior, it doesn't get any better than this. One note is that they apparently have port 1352 blocked in their firewall which made it impossibe for us to replicate our client Lotus Notes email. This would have been a major problem for us, but we had a backup access to email through a web client. Everything else in this Hotel was so perfect, that I didn't have the heart to even mention this issue to the staff. One last note....It is a 20 minute walk along the river to the museums and shopping, but that in itself is invigorating. This shouldn't stop you from booking this Hotel if you are in good health. I can't wait to bring my wife and kids back here!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yj2050
<Content>Great service + delicious breakfast + Comfortable room We have stayed in Hotel David for 4 nights during our stay in Florence from Nov 19- Nov 23, 2007. I have booked this hotel because it ranked No 3 on Tripadvisor. After my own experencing with it, I am very impressed by this hotel and share with all the others who gave the best review to this Hotel. The staffs are very resourceful and detail oriented. They had advised us for the tours, directions, transportaions, good restaurant etc. Anyway, whenever you are not sure of going somewhere in Florence, check with the Hotel David's front-desk staffs first. Also, you do not need to carry your key, the front desk will take care of it for you. Plus, they also sell bus tickets which are very convenient.The breakfast is great with Morning Cappuccino served. really looking forward to going bakc again to Florence and Hotel David.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Librarian757
<Content>A charming hotel My husband and I stayed here in December 2007 and loved it. It's a charming boutique hotel located south of the Arno River. The hotel was clean, the staff very professional and helpful and the rooms were comfortable. The staff always gave us great restaurant recommendations and tips for buses to use and other transportation assistance. The breakfast room always had an array of tasty items to pick from including various pastries, cereal, etc. We would definitely stay here again.Because it is situated south of the Arno, you will be walking about 20 minutes to get to the Ponte Vecchio and into the city center. However, it's not a bad walk, and there are several local buses with stops very close to the hotel that will take you to the city center and the tickets are cheap, in my opinion. So, although it's not right in the thick of things, it is still a great location.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amit66
<Content>Loved Hotel David, will stay again We stayed for 2 nights at Hotel David this November when we were visting Florence. We were very satisfied with the hotel and specially the service at the front desk. They were helpful, courteous and spoke excellent English. The rooms and the bathroom were old but clean. Though the hotel is a bit far from the Ponte Vecchio, it is well connected by bus and you can buy bus tickets for the day right at the front desk. If you want to walk, its a 10 mins walk, not bad!! They also have reserved parking inside the hotel gates which we also found very convenient as we were driving through Tuscany. The hotel will also do all museum reservation if you request that when you reserve your rooms. They did our reservation for the Uffizzi and the Academia.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>wittyone
<Content>Wonderful again !! My husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel David. This was our third stay in this lovely hotel. As always we were not disappointed. The quality of service was far above excellent as always. They have been doing some renovatiions, including some lovely improvements to the bathroom in our room. We were fortunate enough to stay in the same room as on our last visit. There is a lovely terrace for sitting in the mornings or evenings. Everything was spotlessly clean with wonderfully crisp and sweet smelling bedding. I always sleep well when I stay at Hotel David!! Breakfast again in the lovely breakfast room with Maria making wonderful capuccini has always been one of the highlight of our stays. There was a very good assortment of meats,cheeses,cereal,boiled eggs,rolls and delicious pastries along with the coffees and teas and juice. Maria herself is the gem of the breakfast room though !! The entire staff is always at hand to help us with all our travel needs. Bus schedules,train schedules,buying city bus tickets,restaurant recommendations and reservations,museum reservations--these are just a few of the services they provide with great detail and lovely smiles. The computer in the lobby is a lifesaver for many of us ! The early evening drinks and snacks in the parlour with a fire in the fireplace on cool evenings is another of the highlights of our stay at this hotel. We are always able to find other guests to talk to, to share ideas with and to learn from. This trip we even went to dinner with various people who were also staying there. One night we had a little party outside after dinner and they made cappucini and coffee for us. The hotel is not in the center of Florence but we always enjoy the walk along the Arno, or if not, it is simple to use a bus or taxi. There is a laundromat a few blocks away that we always make use of. There is a little grocery/meat market next to the laundromat where we always purchase our cheese and wine to bring home. Our favorite trattoria, Trattoria GiGi's, is located across the street from the grocery store. There are at least three or four other places to eat in this area and all are very good.The owner, Gabriele Cecioni makes certain that the hotel and the hotel staff meets and exceeds very high standards. He is a wonderful man and it is always a delight to find the time to chat with him. His wife is also quite lovely and charming. And I can't forget to add that their son Marcco (one year old) is simply adorable !We have become accustomed to measuring the comfortability and quality of service at other hotels by the standard that we have known at Hotel David. Not many even come close. We will never stay anywhere else in Florence as long as the Hotel David has a room for us.Thank you to Signore Cecioni,Michele,Sabrina, Serena, Maria and to all the others at the hotel. Thank you for making Florence like a second home for us. Thank you for caring about your customers. You are all always in our hearts.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leighlee0829
<Content>I'll stay here again I'd give everything about this hotel high marks. It's location is perfect -- it's far enough outside of the bustling tourist center to feel like a refuge, but within easy walking distance of the Duomo, Uffizi, and other major sights. The hotel is also a short walk from Piazza Michaelangelo, which provides some pretty spectacular vistas of Florence. Our room was comfortable, quiet, and nicely appointed, and I loved the deep bathtub (perfect for a long soak after walking around all day -- although you should note that not all rooms have bathtubs. We just got lucky). In the morning, there's a huge spread for breakfast (included with your room cost) with cakes, pastries, coffee, juices, cereal, fruit, meats, and cheese. Staff will even make you a cappuccino if you ask. In the evening, there's a lovely set-up with free wine and snacks in the common room. Other nice touches: free wifi in all of the rooms; courtesy umbrellas by the door that you can borrow if the weather turns; a cozy common room with a fireplace; lots of periodicals and novels lying around for you to read (quite a few in English -- and good stuff. I saw both National Geographic and a Jose Sarramago novel); and a little bar off to the side where you can get a glass of wine or cappuccino for one euro any time of the day. The staff was also friendly and helpful -- they'll make your reservations for the Uffizi and Academie (to see David) upon your request, and on our last day, allowed us to leave the car in the parking lot after we checked out so we could see a few more sights without having to deal with the hassle of moving the car (and the risk of parking it in a public place w/ our luggage inside). A spotless, comfortable room and top-notch service -- I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SweetPeaSanDiego
<Content>Loved This Hotel!!! We stayed at the Hotel David for 5 nights in the middle of our 2 week Italian vacation and it was by far the best property we stayed at. The hotel itself is charming and comfortable. Each staff memeber we met was so friendly (which makes a huge impression when you are in a forgein country) and the rooms were very clean and spacious. A great breakfast, free internet and complimentary wine and appetizers at happy hour were also huge pluses!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dodgyme
<Content>A good find Found this hotel by accident as we had not booked anywhere and was driving into florence. It was a great find and a great location. They are extremely friendly without being in your face and I would stay there again when I go back to florence. Its also a great location.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lipsfamily4
<Content>loved the area we only spent 2 days in Florence and Gabriele, the proprietor, of Hotel David was extremely welcoming. the Boutique Hotel has all the charm of Florence. the room was an excellent size for us and our 2 children, aged 14 and 10. the bathroom looked recently rennovated with a great shower. we really felt at home. breakfast was in a lovely little room just down the corridor and that was plentiful. Ponte Vecchio was only 10 -15mins away by bus and so to was the Piti Palace. i highly reccommend Hotel David.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Viscountess
<Content>Just about right       View to the road  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RAMY63
<Content>From an American living In Italy I must say that the Hotel David is really a very comfortable hotel with large rooms and bathroom. We had a triple room and were in room 15 and found the room to be exceptional. Very clean, comforable beds, high quality linens, and everything was in order. The rooms are sound proof so you don't hear your neighbors, nor the outside traffic. We were there over all Saints Day weekend so the city was very crowded, but the hotel is in an area with lots of beautiful trees and right next to the Arno River.The staff is wonderful. Both ladies were very helpful with restaurant reservations and suggestions as well as very socialable and friendly. The breakfast is very good and constantly restocked by the kind young lady that brought us our coffee. My son, husband and I liked the small aperitivo they had in the livingroom area and my son even had the chance to play chess in the beautiful livingroom area of the hotel with another child guest he met during our stay.I highly recommed this hotel as you will not at all be disappointed. All the reviews are accurate and worth reserving at the Hotel David ! Fantastic stay !! Grazie Mille for everyones input at Trip Advisory as this is the reason we choose this hotel..  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajax79
<Content>Our favourite hotel in Italy!!!!! A wonderful hotel with very friendly staff, a fantastic buffet breakfast, free internet, large rooms, large bathrooms, free car parking and a lovely reading area where you can borrow a newspaper or book. The location isn't central, but the centre of town is only a 20 minute walk away which we found pleasant and safe. Great value for money. Our favourite hotel in Italy!!!!! We visited in late November and had no problem seeing the statue of David, so if visiting in low season, I wouldn't bother paying more to prebook your tickets.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanping
<Content>Loved Hotel David The hotel is overall very nice. what i like to point out is the super friendly staff. One guy (sorry i forgot his name, a little bit long hair), is really helpful. He showed us details direction to our next destination (San Giminano). He also helped us to check on website for our next hotel driving direction. The staff helping for breakfast is very nice too. She made perfect Cafe Latte and we really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindy2
<Content>Very comfortable hotel This hotel is a good 20 minutes walk alongside the River Arno into the centre of Florence. This is excellent, you can be away from the throng of the Florence centre but in easy access to it by foot or bus. The hotel is spotlessly clean. The rooms are comfortable and quiet. The traffic noise can be shut out by window shutters.There is car parking at the hotel but you have to leave your keys at reception, so that cars can be moved around to let cars in and out--but No problem.The only thing I could fault was the breakfast. It was a little bit dull but adequate for our needs.The best thing about this hotel apart from the above is the staff. Very helpful, always on hand and very plesant. Highly recommended to any traveller in search of a very good hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>theattic
<Content>convenient, confortable, very satisfied The Hotel David is just minutes to downtown Florence via the Dbus which stops outside the hotel entrance. The room was huge and very confortable. Upon arriving they directed us to a laundry mat down the street. They made reservations, recommendations and generally made uus feel at home.An evening cocktail time allows guests to chat about the days events, visits, etc. in a homey lobby. Would I visit again.....You bet.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanKookai
<Content>Excellent hotel We have just come back from our holidays in Italy. We stayed at Hotel David for 5 nights before moving on to Venice. This was the best hotel of the two. I picked Hotel David after reading reviews on this website and I was not disappointed. We had room 18 on the second floor. Our window opened to the back of the hotel and was very quiet. The hotel is situated near a very busy roundabout so it might not be so quiet in every room. Our room was very big and extremely clean. I cannot stress enough how helpful the staff was. We had a bit of a problem with our flight and arrived at midnight instead of 17:30. There was someone to great us and give us all what we needed for our first night as of course our luggage never turned up. They offered to help us to phone the airport and deal with our lost luggage but it arrived the following day.They provided us with a plug adaptor and a map of Florence with lots of info regarding where to take various buses to visit the sites. They also gave us excellent advise for restaurants. They always took time to answer our questions and have a little chat.We enjoyed walking around this part of the town as it felt more the real Italy. There are lots of small shops nearby and not that many tourists around.It takes about 15-20 minutes to walk from the hotel to the Ponte Vecchio. I would suggest not to walk along the river (maybe the first time as you can see the bridge and other sites from there) but there is quite a lot of traffic on that road. Just a street away, you can enjoy much more quieter streets with again lots of small shops that gives a good insight of people's way of life. Those streets also take you by very old houses and palaces that you would not see otherwise.Finally guests can use the Internet free of charge every evening from 19:30 to 22:30. This was a great way to check our emails and let people home know about what we were up to.On the whole, our stay at Hotel David was brilliant and we would go back there with no hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EnglandExpects
<Content>Charming hotel with charming staff Well, what can I add to all the great reviews of this hotel? It really is charming and the staff are a delight making the stay even more enjoyable.The hotel is beautifuly furnished with laminated floors and half-marbled walls and staircase. The upper walls are white-washed and charmingly decorated with all sorts of painted animals and insects adding a touch of humour. A buffet breakfast sets you up for the day and there is a happy hour laid on by the hotel from 7-8pm with free wine and nibbles. No restaurant, but you don't soak up the cuisine and ambience of a city you visit by dining in the hotel anyway.The hotel is located on the Piazza Ferrucci which is on the south bank of the Arno, east of Ponte Vecchio. I recommend 3 ways of getting there until you get your bearings: by taxi; by bus D that goes back and forth between the train station and Piazza Ferrucci or simply by walking east along the south bank of the Arno until you reach Piazza Ferrucci. Don't do what I did on arrival which was to get to the start of the Via Michelangelo at Piazza Michelangelo and then find the hotel is right at the other end of that road!Florence is beautiful, especially if you're a fan of Renaissance art like me. It's like walking back into the 16th century with all the medieval streets and that's particularly reflected in the hotch-potch condition of a lot of the architecture, such as the Ponte Vecchio which appears in so many photographs but is really a bit of a muddled, propped up shambles. All adds to the charm though. Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>local597
<Content>best we stay at was in italy for 3weeks hotel david was one of our highlights of trip made florance that much better only hotel we stay at again and we were in 6 hotels  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redsilas
<Content>Excellent hotel, the reviews were right! I picked this hotel based upon other reviews and I was not disappointed at all. The hotel is situated about a 15-20 minute walk from the main/busy area of Florence. I enjoyed being away from the super busy area and loved how quiet it was in the afternoon. My room felt more like a bedroom than a hotel room, something I liked very much. The bed and linens were comfortable, the bathroom was squeeky clean, and the staff were incredibly nice and would help me with any questions I had - and also helped me order pizza delivery! The staff also gave great lunch and dinner recommendations that were not the super touristy places to eat. The hotel has a nightly 'happy hour' with small snacks and wine. Also, the hotel's selection of reading material was great when I finished the one book I brought with me.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lpsmith
<Content>Loved, Loved this Hotel I loved this Hotel. I could have stayed here for several weeks. The location is on the other side of the Arno River away from the tourist areas - we liked this as we could walk around and feel like 'locals'!There are 2 buses that can take you into the center of Florence or to the Ponte Vecchio bridge in 5-10 minutes.This Hotel is a Villa converted into a 25 room hotel. It really did feel like a home. There was a great downstairs sitting area and a nice garden area. In the evenings, they have a Happy Hour with snacks, wine, juice- nice touch! Best of all... free Wifi! The room we had was huge, by European standards, with beautiful Renaissance-style decorations. The linens on the bed were so comfortable- I'm still trying to find out where they buy them! :)I would definitely stay here and recommend this place again and again!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ManjuCake
<Content>Charming Oasis in Bustling Florence We spent three nights at this cute, charming hotel located on a gated property. Everything about the hotel was excellent. We were given a good-sized room with a wonderful terrace. Though our room faced a very busy thoroughfare, the windows and shades (which are drawn electronically) insulated us from any street noise. We slept very comfortably. The air conditioning was excellent. The bathroom, very smartly decorated and immacuate, was a bit on the small side as it had limited places to put things. No big deal though. The shower was really excellent. Lots of constant hot water, good pressure from the shower head.The front desk service was truly extraordinary. Everyone was extremely friendly and exceedingly helpful. They made excellent restaurant recommendations near the hotel as well as in the downtown area. If you don't enjoy walking, but want to be near the Duomo, it is a bit of a hike from the hotel (maybe 40 minutes). This could be a problem if you want to go back and forth from the hotel. It's not that far to the Ponto Vecchio (about 20 minutes each way), but after a long day of walking, going back to the Duomo area for dinner can be daunting. A cab ride from Hotel David on a busy Saturday/Sunday night can be 18+ euros one way. Fortunately there are a lot of good neighborhood restaurants that the hotel can recommend, many of which are located just down the street from the hotel or about a 5-7 block walk outside the old city walls. You can also take the city buses to and from the Duomo. Hotel gave instructions on how to do this.Overall, Hotel David is an excellent value. I highly recommend it and would most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>LisandSteve
<Content>Would automatically stay again when next in Florence Excellent beds in air-conditioned room with noise-insulated windows, charming d茅cor, quiet oasis in a bustling city, comprehensive, tasty breakfast, happy hour hospitality, high standard of cleanliness, everything worked (didn't try the wifi).OK - so this hotel ticked all the right boxes. What more? In a word the *staff*. Gabriele and his team treated us as welcome, honoured guests in their home. This is quite extraordinary in these days of process-bound, impersonal hotel stays. Gabriele even laughed at the awful English/French/Danish banter of our little group. A very tough act to follow. Bravissimo!Steve  Lis, Portsmouth, England  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheesehead07
<Content>Warm and welcoming hotel in busy Florence This small hotel is personal and charming. Our room was immaculate and comfortable. We had a charming little balcony overlooking the small garden. Florence is noisy, but the room had adequate noise-abatement windows, shutters, etc. The breakfast was to die for and the evening cocktail hour was just great before heading out for those late-ish European dinners. The staff were SO friendly and helpful. We used the transfer service from the airport and it was very efficient. A 15-20 minute walk to the Uffizi.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BDiaz
<Content>The Best! During our first visit to Florence, we stayed at the Hotel David for 3 nights. We selected this hotel because of their price and good reviews from trip advisor. In my opinion, this was the best hotel during our entire vacation in Italy. The hotel is located on the opposite side of the river as is down town Florence. Is only 15 -20 minutes walk from the hotel to the Ponte Vecchio Bridge.Our room was located on the second floor facing the street. The room and the bathroom were clean without any mold and/ or musky smells. The size of our room and bathroom made us feel like we were in a junior suite. The shower in the bathroom was the best one. The bed and the pillows were very comfortable. They even had extra pillows.The David鈥檚 staff was the most friendliest and efficient that I saw during our 2 weeks in Italy. They always responded to my e-mails on time and they did not showed attitude when I came to them with requests. Their breakfast was an average breakfast and I think that they could improve it. Usually, they had broiled eggs, bread, pastries, cereals, cold cuts and coffee. I think that I got spoiled by our hotel in Rome (see San Francesco review). The David offers a free happy hour for their guests. Their snacks and wines were good.If you want to take the bus to the Accademia from the hotel, the bus stop is a cross the street.If we go back to Florence I will stay at the David without any hesitation. The hotel David is the BEST!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ynges
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed in! I have travelled a lot in Europe, and Hotel David offers the best overall experience. All the staff were friendly - the people at the reception, the cleaning ladies, the staff in the breakfast room. In addition we got excellent advice about were to eat, what to see and they also made a great effort to book the tickets we wanted. In the afternoon they serve free beverages and snacks. And the price must be the lowest in Florence for such a great hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Meritas
<Content>Absolutely loved the Hotel David My husband and I stayed at the Hotel David in Florence (13 August to 16 August) during our 18 day trip to Italy. The Hotel David lived up to all of the accolades I had read on TripAdvisor. The hotel is located on the far side of the River Arno, a quick ten minute bus ride to downtown Florence. Bus stops are conveniently located just outside the hotel鈥檚 door and stop there every ten to 15 minutes. (The hotel even sells bus passes鈥攕o convenient). We stayed in a large room with comfortable bathroom, where we enjoyed peace and quiet each evening. (No trouble getting to sleep there!). I should point out that a remote control allows you to regulate the air conditioning, so do be on the look-out for that item. It certainly comes in handy in August! We enjoyed our breakfast there 鈥?a traditional fare of breads, coffee, fruit, and cold cuts. And, their afternoon happy hour (5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.) was delightful. We enjoyed relaxing with a glass of wine on their outdoor patio with other guests. Don鈥檛 miss a late afternoon stroll from the hotel to the top of Piazza Michelangelo to watch the sunset over Florence. You鈥檙e in for a real treat if you stay to see the sunset 鈥?something not to be missed. It鈥檚 only a ten minute walk (uphill) from the Hotel David. I would be remiss if I didn鈥檛 mention how helpful the staff at Hotel David was. Via email, they set up our reservations for us to see The David and go to the Uffize. (Be sure to make reservations 鈥?the lines are very long without them). The staff always asked where we were going each morning and provided us maps to guide us. It鈥檚 hard to describe how helpful they were in guiding us around their lovely city. Frankly, they really made you feel at home鈥攚hich was a most welcome feeling. Hotel David provides its guests free Internet access on a lobby computer. If you have a laptop with you, you can also access their wireless Internet network, using a password that the staff will provide you. By using our Touring Club Italiano Card [--], we received a 15% discount on our standard room rate (E99, bringing it to about E85 a night). If our travels take us back to Florence, we will happily stay at Hotel David.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rossies
<Content>The best hotel in Florence Stayed in room 11 for 2 nights (10-11 September 2007) after seeing such good reviews. Room was good size with lovely big balcony. This hotel deserves all the praise it gets. Staff were extremely helpful, breakfast was very good and happy hour was a nice additional touch. Also went to Gigi's restaurant as per other reviews - food there was excellent also. Location of hotel is excellent - 5 minutes by bus/taxi into centre of Florence with rank/bus stop 2 minutes walk from hotel. We will stay at David next visit without hesitation.Pam  Graeme Ross  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MD_scubanut
<Content>A low cost gem! My wife and I stayed for three days during our honeymoon and the Hotel David was a great find. The location of the hotel is excellent and within walking distance of all the downtown Florence tourist sites including the Ponte Vecchio, the Duomo, the Uffizi, and the Accademia Gallery. I would advise having a pair of comfortable walking shoes if you plan to travel on foot, but it will help to burn off all the great Italian food! The Hotel David is very clean and the staff are quite helpful if you need some assitance in locating anything around the city. We were very happy with the large room and tiled shower that was big enough to accommodate a 'full sized' person. The room was air conditioned, which was a blessing during the warm weather in July. We initially requested the room with a balcony above the garden, but we found that the noise level was a bit high from the traffic outside (and the room smelled of cigarette smoke), so the staff relocated us to a very nice room on the interior of the hotel (no view, but nice and quiet). We especially liked the free happy hour that the hotel would put on every evening. Free red and white wine and light snacks were offered. We met some really nice folks from Ireland, Australia, and California during our stay as we all sipped wine in the garden. This was a nice added touch that allowed us to get to know the other guests at the hotel and learn about where they came from. The hotel also has a single Internet point that guests can use for no extra charge. Wireless internet is available if you need Internet access in your room. The complimentary breakfast in the morning is good for the price of the room. We had better breakfasts at other hotels, but we also paid significantly more for a nighly stay.We would definitely stay at the Hotel David again if we are lucky enough to visit Florence, which is a beautiful city that should not be missed. The Hotel David is economical, convenient, and clean. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debstah
<Content>If this hotel isn't perfection, I don't know what is!       room 8 bathroom  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fences
<Content>Hotel David - fantastico We thought the Hotel David was simply great. Its location gives you the best of two worlds - a short hop to the bustle of central Florence and then back to the quieter suburbs, to join the happy hour. The hotel staff were brilliant, extremely helpful, friendly and efficient. Our room was large, clean and very comfortably furnished. The overall experience of staying in this hotel was extremely enjoyable and one that we would have no hesitation in repeating and recommending.The Francis family - UK  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaliforniGram
<Content>Hotel David - bravo, bravo, bravo Just returned from 6 nights in Florence at the Hotel David - chose hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor and Venere.com - was not disappointed. Spotlessly clean, large rooms, baths. Very helpful staff. Good Italian breakfast - great capaccino - early evening snacks - dry cleaning/laundry - 24 hour turn around - my husband is not a walker, but did the easy down hill 10-15 minute walk to Ponte Vecchio almost daily. Taxi service and bus service super close. Nice family run Trattoria L'Orologico across street . Lovely park right across bridge. Just wished we could have stayed longer! Would definitely recommend and return.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kianamaui
<Content>Been many times LOVE this hotel We have been all around Italy and Florence with this hotel being one of the very nicest especially for the price. Just on the other side of the river and within bus or shoe leather express to the heart of Florence. I concur with the other reviews that the staff was most friendly and the rooms were spacious. We had the room that overlooked the small parking area, but not a sound was heard. We could see trees through our bedroom window which was nice rather than streets and other hotel walls. We had a nice balcony too. Definitely make this your hotel to stay in while in Florence.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bjshspa
<Content>Best hotel in Italy We travelled for almost three weeks in Italy and this was our favorite hotel. Large rooms, great breakfast, friendly staff and close to town by the D or 23 bus. Wonderful courtyard with free evening refreshments. Great deli around the corner.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brianom
<Content>great place, charm and function great place, friendly staff, very clean, but still with lots of individuality. 15min walk to center could have been a little shorter, but deffo worth 鈧?5  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsflores
<Content>A Reason to Return to Florence       Hotel David  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>devildog820
<Content>Very Nice Hotel With a Great Staff My wife and I stayed at the Hotel David and we absolutely loved it. It is located across the river from the old city (10-15 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio or 3 minutes by bus). The room we stayed in was very large, especially by European standards.The hotel and room was very clean. The air conditioner worked very well and we were never uncomfortable. The breakfast was awesome; the staff will make cappuccini for you and the food was very good.The staff at the hotel were outstanding. Everyone from the property manager to the night clerk (whose name I can't remember) were very helpful. We must have had the girl working the night desk help us ten times over our stay and she was very polite and helpful.The hotel is on a really neat property. They had free parking (which we didn't use) and a cool garden where they did a happy hour every day. The happy hour included red and white wine as well as little pizza bites and cocktail mixes. It was fun to come back after a day of walking everywhere and have some wine and snacks before heading out to dinner.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kellyclayt
<Content>We loved the Hotel David!       the patio  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karching
<Content>Florence's Gem Thankyou to everyone who rated this hotel because it was merely that fact to why I booked it and I was not sorry. The staff greeted you before entering the door, helping with luggage. They were so helpful with everything and the use of the free internet. Our room was really large and our bathroom was huge! We were provided with every needed amenity. It was walkable distance to all attractions. The evening snacks were wondeful. We met some lovely people which made our stay even more memorable. I cannot fault this place!I cant believe it is only a three star hotel, it should be a 5. I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting florence.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoveTampa
<Content>Loved It!!       The front of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seadawg
<Content>Hotel David Lovely Place to Stay Hotel David was lovely in every way. None of the other places we stayed in Italy on a month-long visit came even close to the comfort, cleanliness and thoughtful care that goes into this hotel by the owners and staff. The lovely air-conditioned rooms, nicely furnished and gorgeous sheets, comfortable beds, spotless bathrooms and amazing breakfasts, made our trip to Florence special. Their website doesn't really show the nice open shared areas and verandah that make the hotel a stand-out. The midday snacks and drinks were a nice touch and we appreciated the computer station. The owners and front desk personnel were amazing. Answering all our questions and helping us with ideas for dinner, etc. I just wish we were in Florence longer! The hotel is a little out of the main area, so it is very quiet, walking is no problem, but if you can't take long walks, the bus service is good. We did take a cab one night when we were out late and exhausted. But if you have a car, parking is free at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJM49
<Content>Consistently Good Third visit, very good location, excellent service, friendly helpful and unobtrusive staff. Traditional d茅cor a welcome break from the Euro-norm, would recommend to anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel within walking distance of all the major attractions. Free evening antipasti, olives and drinks is a really nice touch.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Recess
<Content>Lovely Hotel We had a great stay at Hotel David in early July, 2007. The location is a bit out of the center, but the front desk will draw a very good map of the different busses that stop out front. Our room was beautiful and spotless with an amazing bathroom. We enjoyed the evening snacks and wine, and loved the breakfast each morning. The two restaurants recommended by the front desk were wonderful. Would highly recommend the Hotel David.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dobedobedo
<Content>Wonderful hotel If going to Florence, I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. Friendly staff, air conditioning (which is a must in Florence), good breakfasts and pre-dinner drinks in the garden (as outlined in previous reviews) all contributed to a wonderful 5-day holiday. To get to the hotel from the main railway station, take a D bus, which will only cost just over 1 euro and stops right outside the hotel. I would also recommend visiting Fiesole (on a number 7 bus - also costing just over 1 euro) and heading for the viewpoint near a convent above the town for a wonderful view of Florence below. The only down side to Florence was the number of mosquitos but the bites were worth it!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cynde
<Content>Very nice hotel       Room 15  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gatto8
<Content>A wonderful hotel We stayed three nights at Hotel David and loved it. It's an easy 15 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio and feels like a little oasis - away from the crowds but still easy to walk to the sights. The common areas and garden are lovely, and our room was charming, spacious and clean. The staff were fabulous - so friendly and helpful. The breakfast was great, too. This is one of the best hotels we've stayed in - terrific!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robgeral
<Content>A Villa in Tuscany Tuscany... yes it is great!What if you could add to that a cosy stay also.Staying at Hotel David was a great experience for us.The staff there made us feel like the villa was our home.It is easy to say you get help from a hotel desk but at Hotel David they really know everything you will need to have a pleasant stay in Florence. They are always willing to help and will spare no detail in whatever explanation you might need.Feel yourself at home and explore Florence at the same time, isn't that a great combination!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tone_7
<Content>Enjoyable visit from Hercules, California This is a charming hotel located away from all the tourist attractions but close enough to walk into the centre or take a bus located across the street. Our room was charming and clean and the breakfast was quite good. The staff was fabulous. Helpful in giving good places to eat and helpful with getting transportation to train station and from airport. A good restaurant was Gigi and even better was Beppino.Both were recommended by hotel staff.Both are in walking distance. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again if in Florence.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PJASanDiego
<Content>Loved the Hotel David       Wine in the garden with freinds  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>D44
<Content>Something different This is a great little hotel. Its old, authentic and charming without being overly touristy.We had a lovely large room with a nice clean bathroom. Breakfasts were ample and the staff really friendly and helpful.Perhaps a little far for some from the centre, but this added to our enjoyment as it was peaceful.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mlanc
<Content>Great place tom stay My wife and I stayed at the Hotel David for 3 nights. It was a great experience. The hotel was very clean, breakfast was ample, personel were very helpful and courteous. The rooms were spacious., Had a happy hour between 6.30-8.00 PM every day, where they would offer wine and antipasto at no extra charge, it was great. I would recommend this hotel very highly.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DianaLACalifornia
<Content>Go here The reviews of this place are spot on. A little walk away from the city center but well worth it for the ambience of the hotel. We stayed in a large room with a great balcony view. The bathrooms were very modern yet you are staying in an italian home.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christine47
<Content>Excellent Choice Like all the other reviews, we found the Hotel David to be excellent. The Hotel is a 20 minute walk, along the river, from the Centre but we found this to be no problem. If you don't fancy the walk, several different buses can be caught from almost directly outside the Hotel. On arrival, we were greeted warmly, with our cases being carried into reception. Our bedroom was spacious, quiet, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The Hotel offers complimentary drinks and nibbles in the early evening which was the perfect way to start our nights out, before wandering to the Centre to enjoy the wide choice of restaurants and bars available. We particularly liked the excellent-value little Trattoria Cibreo on 122r Via de Macci. Very enjoyable with a most helpful waiter, willing to translate the menu into English. There are a couple of restaurants local to the Hotel but its well worth going to the Centre in the evening, as the choice is much better. Also nice to see the Duomo and the other amazing landmarks after dark, and without the day-trippers. As two women travelling alone, we felt quite safe walking around the city at night. Common sense with carrying bags etc., must prevail at all times. For a local drink, we would also recommend bir Bacco on Lungarno Ferrucci, just around the corner from the Hotel David. Very pleasant atmosphere with charming bar Staff. Good experience.Anyone looking for accommodation in Florence, with beautiful surroundings, very caring, friendly Staff, good choice of breakfast and every whim catered for, could do no better than the Hotel David.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phyl2blue
<Content>A Gem After a 3 week tour of Italy, my husband and I look back at our three nights at the Hotel David as very special. We found the hotel charming, with attractive, comfortable rooms, a pleasant sitting room, and a garden. Also, it is well located. All points of interest in Florence are easily accessible by bus or within walking distance for the more able-bodied. Breakfasts were delicious and ample. We especially liked the wine and appetizer hour in the evening, a pleasant way to relax after a day of sightseeing and an opportunity to enjoy the garden and chat with other guests of the hotel. Most outstanding of all was the service. The staff were helpful in every respect. They assisted us in planning each day and directed us to good restaurants. In all, this was the very best hotel in which we stayed during our trip.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cab33141
<Content>A Great Suburban Hotel in Florence We just finished a 15-day tour of Italy, including a 4-day visit to Florence. The Hotel David was our home in Florence, and we were very happy with the hotel and the service they provided us. This hotel has a suburban, out-of-the-city look and feel to it-which I think is one of its assets. It's about two miles from the Ponte Vecchio, the Uffizi Palace, and the other cultural focuses of Florence, and is in the quieter and much newer western suburbs of the city. There's a delightful garden that surrounds the hotel which quiets and softens the place, and the ambience is small, rural, country inn. While there is some three-lane traffic about 100 yards away, the general mood is restful and quiet. We used the D-bus-a local people hauler with a stop just outside the hotel- to commute back and forth to the Ponte Vecchio bridge, and this made access to downtown easy and quick. Accomodations were bright, clean, quiet, and comfortable. The front-desk staff, and the dining room staff were all very helpful, friendly, and full of great tips on the local sites and entertainment. I feel they all went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and welcome. The breakfast provided daily was very nicely presented, tasty, abundant, and filling. We definitely reccommend this hotel! We found it a welcome respite from the crush of tourists and crowds, and a great place to get some rest after a hard day of touring the city.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>winther
<Content>Above average. The whole family agreed that we loved this hotel. We had a big quad, the bathroom was nice, clean and modern with big plush towels. Breakfast was above average, the 'Happy Hour was much appreciated and it was nice to have a small garden to sit in. Free internet and helpful staff. The location is not central but there are busses almost outside the hotel and we just enjoyed walking.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bella011
<Content>Too good to be true!!!       Lobby 1 - with fireplace and garden  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawkeyes
<Content>Deserves Its Ranking This is a great little hotel. The service was superb, our room clean, suitably large, comfortable and quiet, overlooking the back yards of adjoining homes. Breakfast was pretty standard for Italian hotels, served by friendly staff who made Lattes on request! The hotel is not downtown but is a twenty minute walk from the city core. You can get a bus right outside the door that will take you to the Ponte Vecchio. From there it is a short walk to the main atractions. The hotel booked our reservations at the Uffiziz and the Academia. Reservations ar an absolute must if you do not want to stand in a line for hours. There is an Internet site. The hotel has a happy hour where you can meet some of the other guests in the salon. Very nice. The hotel is moderately priced and really deserves it high Trip Advisor rating.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pebroruf
<Content>Excellent little B Location: a quiet oasis of calm just outside Florence center. Transportation to Florence center easily accessible - less than 5 mins walk in all directions to catch a bus or taxi. Good restaurants around the hotel as well.Hospitality/ Service: The best in comparison to the other places we've stayed in. They are all very helpful, polite  accommodating - you feel very welcome.Breakfast: Excellent! Bonus: Free internet use.We would definitely choose Hotel David for our next visit to Florence.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dannythedog
<Content>A gem in Florence A really special hotel. Lovely clean rooms, delicious breakfasts, friendly staff. This is a really welcoming place. The staff go out of their way to help with enquiries and don't be tempted away from the hotel for an early evening drink elsewhere. There is wine and nibbles provided - a great start to a Florence evening.Looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geefunk
<Content>Perfect Location! The Hotel David was perfect for us! It is not located in the city center and is a bit of a walk from all of the attractions, but this is what we loved. It was great to have a small quiet place to come back to after a crazy day full of sites. The location on the other side of the river was perfect. We enjoyed our daily walks along the river. We also found that the restaurants and bars were way better on the other side. Located right by the Piazza Michaelangelo, which offers the best (free) views of the city! The staff was great! Very helpful with all of our needs. And it helps that they provide free internet. Rooms were bigger than avg. and nicely decorated and kept up. Will definitely be returning to Hotel David in the future!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TerpTraveler55
<Content>A pleasant surprise! My family and I (wife, 17 year old son and 70+ year old in-laws) spent 2 nights at the Hotel David last week. During our Italian vacation, we stayed in Milan, Rome, Florence and Venice and we found the Hotel David to be the best hotel of the bunch!The hotel is on the southern side of the Arno River, so you are a little away from the heart of Florence, but it was very easy to get around as a taxi stand was just outside the hotel. The hotel sits on charming lot with a small, shaded garden terrace just outside the main floor. There is another elevated terrace on the back side which is much sunnier. The lobby area opens up to a very comfortable living area with books, magazines, newspapers and a chess board. The entire hotel is decorated beautifully and its overall charm makes you feel very comfortable.The rooms were spacious and very clean. The bathroom was surprising large with a nice high-powered shower. The beds were comfortable and the linens were clean and soft.For the price, this was an absolute gem. But the best part of the stay was the very friendly and helpful staff. Every member of the Hotel David staff was extremely welcoming. They made us feel right at home and even went out of their way to ensure our room was fine -- they allowed us to look at a couple of room choices before we settled in.If you want a small, charming, clean, quiet and comfortable stay in Florence -- choose this hotel. Once you arrive, the staff will make sure you made the right choice!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaJoe
<Content>Wonderful hotel! My husband and I stayed in this hotel for a couple of day while we were passing by Florence. It was wonderful. It was a bit rustic for my taste but the staff made all the difference. The hotel had a lot of character. The two recepcionists were a delight to deal with and super helpful with tips on where to go and eat. One of the girls' name was Chiara and she was so sweet!! Very kind and made us feel welcome. The room was clean. This hotel is also not that far from themain part of town, of course if you don't like to walk to much, it may be for those. We walked around town a lot and walking from the center of town to the hotel was not bad at all- it was beautiful walking around Florence. We love this hotel that whenever we go back to Florence (which I am sure it will happen again), we will definitely consider staying here. We love the wine  snacks in the afternoon that the hotel provides for the guest. It was a delight.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsrobertson
<Content>Fantastic Myself and 12 others travelled to Hotel David for my extended hen weekend. We had a great time and could not fault the accommodation. The rooms were very clean and we received fresh towels and bed linen daily. The staff were also very friendly and did not mind phoning around to find a restaurant each night for 13 of us. All recommendations were fantastic. I will definately go back and stay at the hotel if they will let me return! You will not be disappointed and the location is fantastic with the bus stop outside to take you into the centre of Florence or those of you who would like a 10-15 minute walk.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hollander
<Content>A quiet and clean resort in a bustling town My wife and I just returned from a two day stay at the Hotel David in Florence. We had booked the room through their by the way excellent website that surprisingly enough was also available in almost flawless Dutch.Anyway, the hotel is located near the 'old centre', close to Piazza Michelangelo, basically 50 meters south from the river Arno.The plusses:Friendly and helpful staffFree WiFi internetCleanAtmosperic vintage decoration, homely feel and well maintained roomsFree parkingPretty easy to reach by carPublic transport to the centre very nearbyA good shower (pretty unique is our experience)There is a bar and Rosticceria just around the corner for people who want a quick bite or eat inside the roomPretty good breakfastGoing by foot to the centre will take you about 30 minsThe minusses:In that area itself is not much going on, it is not the heart of the centre of Florence. Some people might be turned of by this.Though parking is free, space is very limited and you will have to turn in your car keys when not needed, so the hotel staff can 'valet service' cars that block other parked cars.In short, unless you really want to stay in the heart of Florence, this hotel is an absolute gem and we can highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>houndspirit
<Content>We fully recommend Hotel David My wife and I enjoyed a delightfull stay at the Hotel David this past September. We look foreword to coming there in the future and would unreservedly recommend it. Our accomidation was comfortable, the breakfasts excellent, an the staff uniformly attentive and friendly. The location is quite convenient to efficient bus service and a number of nice restaurants. Beyond that the location is within reasonable walking distance of the central attractions. I certainly agree with most of the reviews on this forum with the sole exeption of the rather sour comments from the Australian women who, from the tone of her comments, seems to have stayed in another Hotel David than the one we enjoyed. Finally, another nice feature was the early evening Happy Hourwith snacks , wine and other beverages. This further added to the general conviviality of this charming hotel.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terrijay
<Content>Friendly hotel Stayed at Hotel David in February and enjoyed it. Hotel is clean and our room was quite large with a balcony and on suite with shower. Staff friendly and always happy to help. Walk to centre was quite pleasant and buses are nearby if visitors are less able to walk. What other hotel offers a free glass of wine at Happy hour and a chance to mingle with other guests to exchange tips? Recommended.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caroyak
<Content>Wonderful  We just returned from a 2 1/2 week trip to Italy, 2 nights of which we spent at Hotel David in Florence. We LOVED it! While the hotel is not directly located in the heart of the city, it's extremely close and easy to reach, both when arriving to the city (via car) and traveling to the historical district. It's a very short block from the Arno and on several public bus lines, so it's very very easy to get anywhere you'd like to go. If you're a walker, you can reach Ponte Vecchio in about 15 minutes, strolling along the river on a lovely paved path.The hotel staff could not have been more welcoming. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful from our arrival until departure. On arrival, we were given a 1 page map of the city with all major attractions clearly marked (and a huge star marking the hotel location). Reception then drew out the route of 2 bus lines (marking the stops) that they recommended to easily reach all major sites (Duomo, Uffizi, etc).Our room was very large (particularly by European standards, but pretty large by American standards as well IMO) and spotlessly clean. The room decor was tasteful and simple - antique wood desk, huge wall armoire/closet, TV (CNN/BBC were only English speaking channels we noticed), mini fridge/bar, huge windows overlooking a courtyard (no view obviously but nicely private), and huge marble bathroom with everything you would need.Free parking was also available - inside the hotel gate - very nice bonus since it can be very expensive  difficult to find.Breakfast in the morning was delicious - typically some pastries (croissants, etc), rolls, cereal, fruit, coffee, tea, juice, yogurt.There is a lift, but it's teeny tiny  kinda shakey. We're skinny  we barely wedged ourselved  2 bags in there for the ride up!Overall, it was our favorite hotel in Italy! The staff were very kind, everything was kept very clean, the decor was cute and the location was perfect.They claim to be a 3 star hotel, but i think it's more like a low 4 star.Don't hesitate to stay here :)A++++  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TransylvanianGrl
<Content>What a wonderful place! Last year I stayed with my parents at Hotel David and we couldn't have been happier with the accommodation. I wrote a review right after our trip, but it never showed up on TA. I hope this one will! Lovely, friendly people at the reception desk (always ready to answer questions), fabulous breakfast (which set us up for walking for several hours), great cappuccinos made to order for breakfast. The room was spacious, with three beds (two of them very comfortable, one a bit too soft), good AC (it was wonderful to return to a cool room as we were in Florence during a heat wave). Large bathroom and good, absorbent towels. We liked having the mini-fridge in the room and the safe. Some people seem to think that it is far away from the center of Florence, but we actually enjoyed the 15 minute walk in the morning and then back in the evening. We took different routes--the best was the return with a detour by Vivoli. Yum!We will definitely be back! It is my favorite hotel in Italy and I have tried quite a lot of them in the same quality/price range.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>home_from_Italy
<Content>Unfortunate booking For those thinking about staying at Hotel David, please make sure you get a cancellation code if you do need to cancel. My wife and I were unable to keep our booking and asked Sister Constantine, an Italian friend we were staying with, to cancel for us. She did so and assured us that everything was fine but the staff at Hotel David still charged us for the night we cancelled. We discovered this after we arrived back in Canada. When we return to Italy we will most definitely not be booking at Hotel David again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hbille
<Content>BEST hotel EVER I LOVE this hotel. Charming villa just outside the heart of the town. The room furnishings were so quaint. Simply lovely. I had a balcony that overlooked a post card perfect scene. The staff were so very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excellent with quiches and a wide assortment of yummy food (definitely way above the standard breakfast at other hotels). They have a wine and appetizer hour each night and I met some lovely people. Travelling alone I was hesitant to join, but was so glad I did. The 10-15 minute walk into the heart of the city was fantastic. each day I took a different route and experienced a little of the local scene away from the major tourist draws. I am going back to Italy in May with my fiance on our honeymoon. I would have stayed at Hotel David in a heartbeat but it was all booked up!This is my favorite hotel I've ever stayed at in any city!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pghnative
<Content>Great hotel       Hotel lobby left  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>457khz
<Content>A hotel you'd be happy to stay in! Hotel David was definately a gem that stands out among most of our other destinations throughout Italy. It came highly recommended to us from a friend, and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as well!Staff is very friendly and helpful... they made reservations for the Uffizi and the Accedemia and to a great restaurant Aqua al 2 (also recommended!)As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is a a good walk away from the heart of the city. The walk from the hotel was beautiful along the river, although tired feet at the end of a long day made us wish it were just a bit closer.The hotel's free parking was appreciated and very convenient... although we found it a challenge (very frustrating) to navigate our car to the Hotel's parking lot at night. Surprisingly, leaving the hotel destined for the Autostrada was painless.Enjoyed breakfast each morning in their bright room. Selection of food and beverages was quite good as well.The rooms themselves were quite charming and very comfortable. My wife particularly enjoyed the large bath tub to soak in at the end of a long day.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaveFromKC
<Content>Overall, An Excelent Choice The Hotel David was the best hotel we stayed at during a two week trip. The room was quite large with a balcony. Breakfast consisted of sweet croissants (cornettos), fresh baked rolls, deli-ham, cheese, yogurt, cereal, fresh fruit, orange juice and coffee. Evening snacks were pizza slices, olives, peanuts white or red wine or orange juice. Everything at the hotel was just like all the other reviewers stated. I did well by reserving through the hotel's web site. I got a cheaper rate and I got a package which included a wonderful tratoria lunch near Ponte Vechia. Lunch was two plates (Plate one was a choice of five pastas, plate two was a meat and vegetable dish). Dessert, wine and bread included. I even got 5% off my hotel rate just because my name was David.If you arrive by train at SMN station it can be a little tricky getting the bus to the hotel. First, buy a few bus tickets at the bus office just outside the station. It is cheaper than buying on the bus and saves alot of hassle. Disregard the sign for bus #23 by the bus office since it is going the wrong direction. Instead, walk past the taxis in front of the station and cross the street to a major bus stop. Wait for bus 23 or 23A. it should come by in ten minutes or less. Once on the bus stamp your ticket. The bus will first swing by the Duomo before crossing a bridge over the river. Once you cross the bridge, it should be the third stop (I think). Look for Orsini on the bus stop sign. The hotel is right around the corner from the cafe. If you need a few items from a grocery store it is a ten minute walk across the bridge in front of the Hotel David to COOP supermarket. Ask at the front desk for a map and directions.  Florence is truly a very beautiful city. Just allow at least three full days just to hit the main sights. One thing to be forwarned about are the professional beggers. They seem to be all over the touristy areas. I got a kick out of one older lady whose territory is the Ponte Vechia. Every time I walked over the bridge there she was walking around saying grazzi in a raspy voice. You can't miss her.All in all, the Hotel David is an excelent choice!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jorge&Jeanette
<Content>Great Stay at the David! We stayed at the Hotel David for 3 days in December for our Honeymoon and we could not have been more pleased. We booked it from the reviews here on trip advisor and were glad we did.The location is great although it is about a 15-30 miniute walk from the center of the city which can be a little tiresome at the end of a long day but there are plenty of taxi's and there is a taxi stand right in front of the hotel for those that would like to skip the walk. It is removed form the tourist hustle and bustle which is a plus and the service is 5 star all the way. They helped us book our tours and trains and handled all of our requests. The breakfast is good and the rooms are spacious and clean, as are the bathrooms. We give this hotel our wholehearted endorsement and recommend it to all who may be considering it!!PS-Check out the trattoria Gigi right down the street from the hotel for some great authentic florentine cuisine...DELICIOUS!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sussa
<Content>Hotel David A 15 min. walk to the Ponte Vecchio but worth it! This hotel is beautifully furnished. The beds were very firm, the bathrooms huge with all amenities (the hair dryer was a bit weak by USA standards). at 6:30 they serve complimentary wine and snacks, which, after a hard day of walking, is welcome because the restaurants do not open for an hour. Very helpful staff. Free internet access. Fireplace and great breakfast. This old mansion was just what we needed after staying in cramped quarters in Rome.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VicM
<Content>excellent hotel, great staff We stayed at the David in December 06, a family of 4 in a quad room. This was a great hotel, the room was the largest we had stayed in during our holiday. Room was very clean, as was the bathroom. The staff were excellent and extremely helpful. You could walk into the centre of Florence from the hotel (approx 20 minutes) or catch public transport (bus).(The hotel offered a free lunch with the booking, at Bordino's restaurant - we received wine, entree, main course and desert - great meal. We went back the next day for lunch - just note that the wine and desert and coffee are not included in the set menue price.)In the evenings the hotel also offered drinks(wine  juice) and snacks for its guests - a pleasant surprise. Everything about this hotel was excellent, I could not fault it and would definately stay there again.Bravo Hotel David.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dedegirrl
<Content>Great Hotel!!!! Stayed at the Hotel David last year with my boyfriend. The hotel was very nice, quiet and clean. The breakfasts were pretty good also. The location was good and the staff was very helpful. Came back to italy in 2006 and stayed at a different hotel farther away from the city center, boy, was that a mistake. Next time I'll stick with the Hotel David!!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carmine1
<Content>Loved the Hotel David       Beautiful breakfast room door  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Otis_Clarence
<Content>Another Recommendation for the David!! We chose the Hotel David for our stay in Florence due to the wonderful reviews on TripAdvisor and were certainly not disappointed. In fact, it was one of our favourite hotels throughout our travels. We enjoyed the peace and quiet of the residential area in which the hotel is to be found and the short walk along the river to and from the centre of the city. There is a bus stop across the road from the David which goes directly to the train station, which we found very convenient. Our room was large, impeccably clean, tastefully furnished and had French doors that opened onto a small balcony. The staff were always friendly and helpful, more than happy to accommodate any question or request. We were recommended the nearby GiGi Trattoria and we had a wonderful meal. We can also highly recommend the Rosticceria around the corner- perfect for a picnic lunch! The staff of the David organised advance tickets to the Accademia museum which saved us a lot of time waiting in line. The breakfast selection was extensive, delicious and served with a smile- a great start to the day!We will definitely return to the David on our next holiday and would recommend it to anyone looking for a charming and serene haven in Florence.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>onebagtourist
<Content>Charming hotel with great service For tourists with a rental car planning to explore Tuscany, Hotel David is ideal, given its location south of the Arno river and thus easy access to the roads leading south into Tuscany. Parking is free and the staff are always helpful, with great attitudes. Crossing the Arno on foot into Florence is an easy walk, so we did not use the bus, although that is an option. Gabriele and his team provide the type of personal service that makes this owner-managed small hotel so different from the larger chain hotels that this becomes one's refuge from the tourist-crazed city that Florence can be. We would have no hesitation in returning to Hotel David.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hobbsd
<Content>Perfect Hotel David was our favorite hotel during our 2 week vacation in Italy. The room was quiet, comfy and very clean, breakfast was good, evening wine and snack hour was great, free internet excellent. The 15 minute walk to the central hub of Florence was a great way to walk off our dinner. We could chose between the river side walkway (fast walking) or wind through the atmospheric small streets on foot, the bus to central Florence was right next to the hotel. The people at the desk were very helpful spoke great english. Having them call ahead to a restaurant took alot of the uncertanty out of our minds. They offer free parking and are very easy to find ,their website gives great directions. We took a cab to the train station for about 15 EURO.The room rate was 100 EURO for the begining of November, this is a great value for a hotel of this quality and I will recomend the Hotel David to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Deb_and_family
<Content>3 star hotel with 5 star value! The Hotel David in Florence is so wonderful, I could easily run out of adjectives to describe it. Located on the opposite side of the Arno River, it's blessedly devoid of tourist mobs (and noise!), but still within walking distance of all the major sights - plus a few you might overlook, staying in the more centralized areas.My husband, daughter and I recently enjoyed a 5 night stay, and here's what we experienced for around 95 euro a night: a beautiful, *huge* room with a king-sized bed for hubby and I, and a lovely sleigh bed for my daughter; ensuite bathroom with heated towel racks, a bathtub and shower, and complimentary hair dryer; double French doors leading to a small balcony overlooking a lovely outdoor sitting area; in room TV, phone, mini-bar/fridge and safe; free WiFi in our room (and complimentary Internet connectivity at the workstation in the lobby); a spacious lounge area downstairs filled with travel books and plenty of brochures on sights and activities in and around Florence; nightly happy hour with complimentary wine/beverages and snacks; a gorgeous breakfast room with a yummy selection of food and beverages to start your day off right; an in-house bar with a really good wine selection, and close proximity to great restaurants, shops, food markets, a Bancomat, tabacchi, bus lines,and taxis.The very best thing about the Hotel David, though, was the outstanding staff. Every single person, from the front desk people, to the young lady who prepares breakfast, to the maids, are overwhelmingly friendly, cheerful, helpful, and go way beyond the call of duty to make your stay in Florence as pleasurable as possible. I'm sorry I wasn't aware of this hotel last year when I visited Italy - but now that I am, I wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else. Grazie mille, Hotel David!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ricksp8
<Content>What a Gem Booked this hotel after reading the superb Tripadvisor reviews and wasn`t disappointed, yes off the beaten path but suited ourselves and enjoyed the hassle free romantic late night walks along the riverbank, or bus D terminates virtually outside the Hotel -not quite so romantic though-(tickets have to be bought from cafes or the hotel ) the Hotel itself was the iddylic Italian residence, small but attentive with noise free beautiful rooms of a certain Italian ambiance, coupled with the lovely staff for which nothing was too much trouble, all in all probably the best value Hotel you are likely to find in Florence, Move this Hotel to the centre and it would at least double its rates  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mjsilver
<Content>Charming hotel with great service Lovely hotel in a good location - I enjoyed being away from the crowds and the walk along the river each night to return to the hotel. The staff were wonderfully helpful - nothing was too much trouble - good choice at breakfast, clean and comfortable rooms and free internet access. Even though my room faced the busy road I did not experience any problems with noise. Would highly recommend this hotel for those who wish to get away from the crowds at the end of the day and stay somewhere with a more personal touch.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tennsurfr
<Content>Lovely hotel, great $$ bargin, but not clcose to attaractions We picked this hotel strictly on recommendations found on Trip Advisor.The good things are all here - friendly owners, nice people, about 90% English speaking, decent breakfast (just OK, really), and what all the other reviews say. However, after a long day of trekking, the hotel is not conveniently located. That's probably why the rates are so attractive. It cost us avg. 8 Euros each way to the center of town. The buses are crowded and not punctual.So, in your minds, add another 16 Euros at least to the daqily cost of staying at the David. Oh, one more thing - close by restaurants are limited to one or two decent ones. Decent...not great.Florence is an historically important city, but we didn't find it especially attractive. Don't get us wrong...Uffizi and Accadamie are unbelievable. Ponte Vecchio is bustling with the peddling of higher end jewelry. The Arno river is dirty looking and not very scenic at all. To us, this is not the mecca others describe.This was my 6th trip to Italy over 25 years. I find it a constant grind, tiring and not always rewarding. I doubt we'll be back again.Actually, we found the people much nicer (surprise, surprise) and the food much better in France.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Bowen Island
<Content>Wonderful Small Hotel We stayed at this charming hotel for 7 days and were totally happy with our choice. We had a lovely quiet room with a balcony. Everything was very clean and well appointed and a good strong shower! The staff were extremely kind and helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them. No problem getting museum tickets, taxis, etc. Breakfast was varied and substantial. A big plus for the hotel is their happy hour. From 6:30 to 8 each evening they serve wine and bruschetta in the sitting room. A welcome touch at the end of the day. The location is a bit removed from central Florence but it is still walkable and the bus routes are very convenient. Watch out for pickpockets on all buses!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kaza31
<Content>David  Agree with most of the other stuff on the site, so won't bother repeating things. The only points I wanted to make were that the hotel is quite expensive, although I went in October which I'm told is 'peak' season. It's worth bearing in mind that bus journies cost E1.20 each way, and two of us were spending about E7.00 each day, which needs to be weighed up with a more centrally located / posher hotel. Also, whilst all the great things reported on this site are true hence my 5* rating (especially the friendliness), the decor is quite bland / dated (think '1930's hotel' and 'Agatha Christie novel'), but I guess that lends it charm. Worth bearing in mind when you compare against some of the more chic hotels though. The breakfast is also very basic, but I guess that's minor.In terms of tips, there are 2 buses we used to take us to the hotel. The first is Bus D, and the second number 23. Both depart from immediately outside of Florence Train station. Bus D actually terminates at Piazza Ferruci, and the hotel is right across the road from there, so best to get Bus D when you first arrive. In terms of getting home after sightseeing, we found Bus 23 the best, since it departs from right outside the Duomo (cathedral) which is in the thick of the action. You need to make sure to get the bus from the street immediately outside the Duomo (left hand side when approaching the cathedral from its front) - we got the bus from just round the corner and ended up having a trip round the suburbs in the opposite direction! Get bus tickets from any tabacconist shop.We found most of the fast food lunches in Italy terrible, especially the sandwiches. We booked for 4 nights and the hotel gave us a free lunch at Borvino (next to Ponte Vecchio bridge) and this was the best and cheapest lunch we had all trip (where all the locals go) - we were sorry we only found out about it on our last day! Note: it's very hard to find so be persistent. We hated being ripped off by outside cafes - some charged E11.00 for 2 cans of Sprite!Have fun!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calcan
<Content>we loved Hotel David October 18, 2006We have just returned from a wonderful 6 nights at the Hotel David. We found it on Trip Advisor and could not have been happier. It is just off the beaten track of very busy and touristy Old Florence...a 20 - 30 minute walk to the Ponte De Vecchio. There is also a bus just steps from the hotel that takes you right to the bridge if you are too tired to walk, Our room (#24) was absolutely beautiful and spacious with all the modern comforts yet old time charm, Comfortable bed, air conditioning that actualy really works, an in room safe and large bathroom.The hotel is immaculate and very well maintained. Add to that free internet, free parking, a lovely breakfast and even a 6:30 wine reception every evening in the cozy sitting room.The staff were wonderful and helpful. Make sure you have them book your reservations for the various art galleries and museums ahead of time to avoid the long lines.We are picky, but we loved this place and will definietly go back.Great Value.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BruininEurope
<Content>Away From the Crowds The Hotel David is located across the Arno outside of central Florence. Since Florence is packed with tourists in October, the location is ideal for getting away from the throngs of people. Conversely, one has to use public transportation (comfortable and readily available), taxis (expensive), or walking to get to the city. We love walking and went into Florence a variety of ways, through the Ponto Viecchio or via Santa Croce, and got to see the city up close. One warning: transporation gets real spotty after 10PM (even cabs) so be forwarned. The hotel itself is comfortable, tasteful, and a little homey. Staff are especially polite and helpful. The room was large and comfortable. There was free internet access. Breakfast offered a wide range of excellent choices. Located in a neighborhood - as opposed to a central city business district - exploring the nearby streets was interesting.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendybt
<Content>Friendly, quiet, great feel This hotel had a warm and friendly feel. Room size, service and breakfast was great. Drinks and nibbles each evening in the lounge for guests who want to chat was also a great touch. A very comfortable stay especially if you've been on the move for a few weeks.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RossCobbinOZ
<Content>nice hotel- terrible location! There seem to be a lot a reviews on Trip advisor that say things like, 'so wonderful to be out of the tourist path  bustle', and to a point I agree. It is nice in a busy city to slip out of a main thoroughfare and into a delightful little street where your charming old hotel awaits your weary head. Alas- not so here!Florence is a beautiful place, but in the summer months it gets very hot and dirty, and traffic is an ever-present evil (and I mean italian traffic; of the hooting, gesticulating and dodge-for-your-life variety). The main way you find yourself getting around it by walking and, if you are to see a fraction of what this magnificent city has to offer, you will do a LOT of walking. So the very last thing you will want to do at the end of a hot and dusty day is to force your aching feet to propel you for at least another half an hour to be able to get to your hotel! The David is a nice hotel for sure, the rooms are clean, and the little amateur frescoes painted in unexpected places are quirky and charming. The staff are helpful and unassuming, (despite giving us wrong information about the opening hours of the Brancacci chapel), even if the room towels are completely inneffectual (the towel equivalent of that old fashioned shiny toilet paper- more akin to tracing paper; whose chief purpose seemed to be dispersal, rather than absorbtion).But it really is miles away from anything- and in the opposite direction to everything else, so you won't come across it on en route to anything else. In fact most tourist maps won't even have it on there. The hotel advises that you can use the buses when they come- but we found them packed, dirty and irregular. Also, after hours of sweaty sightseeing, who wants to wait twenty five minutes for a municipal bus to get you home? My other gripe is that- by all means site your hotel 'away from the action' if there is something to be gained from from it; perhaps a romantic vista of the city, or remote tranquility etc. But the David is on a hideous main road, where the honks, brake screeches and sirens are probably more pronounced than anywhere else! And as for views? Well they would be of the same road. Not a pretty sight, and not what E.M Forster would have had in mind.A nice little hotel- and fairly reasonable, but a 20 min+ walk in the baking florentine sun to the far side of the Ponte Vecchio is just not mainstream hotel territory. Nice when you're there though.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kirbly
<Content>A very special hotel We had a lovely stay in Florence, with the hotel playing a large part in our enjoyment. The hotel staff were always friendly and helpful, helping us to find out bus times for day trips and booking our tickets to the Uffizi (if you're going, it's best to request this in advance as we had to wait 2 days  go at 16:15). The staff couldn't have been more helpful, and their perfect english made things very easy. The location is about 25-30 minutes walk from the city, but buses stop very near the hotel and only cost 鈧?.20. The only reason that I haven't given 5 stars is the distance from the city and the fact that there is no hotel restaurant. The breakfasts were always great  well stocked - yoghurt, baked goods, croissants, cereal, etc, and the daily evening aperitifs were a lovely touch. Our room was large and very clean, with a fridge and air conditioning. The bathroom was also very spacious. There is also free internet use. All in all, a fantastic choice of hotel - I'd definitely recommend it highly to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Docalla
<Content>nice but would have preferred a bit closer to the center. If I was staying in Florence again I would book somewhere closer to the center. The hotel David was nice but the hotel is a bit usual and slightly quirky but some might find this aspect appealing. For me the rooms were slightly old fashioned and it was a bit too far out from the center, but I though the lobby, breakfast and staff were all great.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boxerfan
<Content>When you stay at Hotel David, it is like being a guest in an Italian home I depended on reviews from trip advisor to plan our extensive stay in Italy, and I was not disappointed with one single choice. Hotel David is an excellent value: the friendly/helpful reception, spacious rooms, very cold a/c, lovely furnishings, quiet location away from bustling city center(yet within walking distance), very nice breakfast room with nice selection of food items...some people may miss the Oltarno section altogether if they stay in city center: we took advantage of this location and spent several hours walking at a leisurely pace to see all the sights and beautiful vistas this side has to offer...discovered THE best gelato of entire trip at this funky little street bar on Viale Michaelangelo...  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>athinaeos
<Content>Excellent staff, best value for money Hotel David is the perfect place to stay in Florence. It is not central, thus it does not suffer from the inwardness of the old town. It is located very near the old town, in a nice garden, near the river. So location is the first major advantage. The second is its staff. Polite and efficient, make the hotel a place that is nice to stay in. Finally, the price makes it top value for money. What else can you ask for?  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BruceSylvester
<Content>The Wonderful Hotel David in Florence In January 2005, I began to stay frequently at the Hotel David, as I also traveled the world to do my job as a reporter. The Hotel David not only has the best location in Florence, a few minutes walk from the Ponte Vecchio and a few minutes walk to the gorgeous woody edges of the city and the main Piazza over looking the city and Arno River. It is also, simply, the most hospitable small hotel in which I have ever stayed. When you go to Florence, it is a no-brainer -- just stay at the Hotel David. The prices are also very reasonable...They have a website that introduces the place beautifully....Bruce Sylvester  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rpalmer
<Content>Excellent inn on quiet side of the river My wife and I stayed at the David Hotel for one night in September 2006. We were relieved to reach the relative calm of Florence after spending three days in Rome, and we were even more relieved to find that the positive reviews of this hotel ring absolutely true. We were greeted with genuine warmth and escorted to our room on the first floor. The room was outfitted with a canopy bed, a small desk, and a large hutch/dresser. The bed was firm and comfortable. We enjoyed the fifteen minute walk into central Florence, which provided spectacular views of the Ponte Vecchio.In the evenings the hotel provides wine and light appetizers in the very pleasant lobby. Breakfast is on the second floor and consists of cold cuts, bread, yogurt, coffee, tea, and juice.We were very pleased with the friendly, personalized service, and although the location is outside of the central tourist area, we enjoyed the surroundings and would undoubtedly choose the David Hotel again if we are ever fortunate enough to return to Florence.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Grahamarb
<Content>A good place to stay We stayed for five nights at the David, Aug-Sept 06. It is a good hotel. The decor is somewhat spartan but it is not a big deal. The location is very good. It is on the edge of the tourist district, a long walk to the Duomo. But, you can take the D bus right in front to the Ponte Vecchio for 1 euro. The hotel is clean and quiet. The staff was very, very helpful. There are some good small restaurants in the neighborhood. If you do not need a fancy atmosphere this is a place for you.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HL1
<Content>Good hotel, intelligent atmosphere The hotel is very nice. Family atmosphere. the rooms are comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpfull. They will help you with good advices and recommendations.The hotel is nicely decorated.There is a big reading room, full of books where you can sit and read and relax.It is 15 minutes walk from the old city. (ponte veccio)We would certainly return there.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luisajoe
<Content>Loved Hotel David What a cool hotel for a really cool city! The hotel was warm, comforable and extremely friendly. I love the high ceilings, decor and staff. This is exactly the perfect hotel for a stay in Florence. They provide parking and helpful with any questions regarding sightseeing and restaurants in the area. I would definitely stay at Hotel David again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jande
<Content>Good Value We booked our stay at Hotel David based on reviews from trip advisor. The staff is very friendly and helpful in recommending restaurants. Each restaurant they recommended was wonderful. We also had not made reservations at the Accademia to see the David and they were able to make them for us when we arrived. This was so helpful as we did not have to stand in a very long line at all! We did miss the afternoon snacks because we were still out touring Florence everyday at the time, but breakfast was delicious. the walk from the hotel is not bad at all, and we were probably able to see more of the city walking back to the hotel everyday than if we had stayed closer to the center of town. The only part of the hotel that we did not like was the bed. It was very hard and did not sleep well.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PAtraveler01
<Content>A jewel in Florence...what a find!! We visited Rome, Sorrento, Tuscany, Florence and Venice for two and a half weeks in early July 2006. We stayed at the Hotel David during our Florence stay and were thoroughly pleased and impressed with this hotel.The staff was second to none (they recommended restaurants that were delightful), booked us reservations at the Uffizi and Accademia in advance of our arrival (the lines would have been awful but we pretty much just walked into these museums), advised us on transport to the central historic area (it's walkable but the bus is right outside the door of the hotel and so easy to take), and made us feel welcome in so many other ways. Again, the entire staff (we interacted with at least three front desk people during our stay) was this helpful and pleaseant -- how nice!The hotel itself had very nice rooms that were clean, roomy, air conditioned and had nice bathroom. The rooms were impeccably clean and the chambermaid kept it that way every day. Not overly fancy, but just fine for us.In the early evening the hotel puts out various canapes and other finger-foods, wines and juices so the guests can chat and relax in the wonderul lobby area. This area was so pleasant, with all types of travel books, a chess board, sofas and chairs and an outside oasis to unwind from a busy day of sightseeing. They also grant all guests access (at no cost) to a lobby computer so you can check your e-mail, etc.)Breakfast was very nice -- cappucino, espresso, american coffee, hot chocolate, yogurts, cheeses, meats, pastries, fresh fruits, etc. We were at the hotel for three days and had enough variety to keep it new each day. The location in my mind was a nice benefit. Close enough to the central historical district to easily catch a bus in (or walk) but far enough to be away from the hoards of tourists, etc. It was a welcome respite to relax at the hotel after a hot and busy day of doing tourist stuff in Florence.This hotel is a find! It has all of the charm, service and comfort that we needed or desired. BTW, my wife accidently left a piece of jewelry on the vanity in the bathroom upon our departure. When we called from Venice they located the jewelry and mailed it to us back in the U.S. (without even asking for reimbursement!!) . It arrived within a week of us returning home. That's special!!So, if you're looking for a really nice place to stay while enjoying Florence then look no further!! We know where we'll be staying next time we visit Florence and where we'll suggest our friends stay when they visit -- Hotel David!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MtnMama
<Content>What A Find! We (two adults, two teen boys) booked the David Hotel based on reviews here and we weren't disappointed. It's lovely and peaceful and the staff is friendly and helpful. The public areas of the hotel are beautifully decorated with antiques and we loved the wall decorations that follow you up the staircase. We especially loved the door into the breakfast room! We booked two double rooms at the beginning of our travels and returned at the end of our trip to stay in a quad room. All the rooms were unique, attractively decorated, comfortable and clean. It was very hot during our stay (late June /early July 2006) and the quiet, efficient air conditioning was quite welcome. The internet access was appreciated by all. The social hour in the evening was a wonderful way to transition from day to night and the staff has some great recommendations for restaurants. If you don't feel like venturing far, try the rosticceria one street over (toward the river). They have a gorgeous deli case, are helpful and friendly, and there were many locals taking out both times we went there. They had cooked meats, fish, pasta and rice, pizza, vegetable dishes (try the eggplant wrapped in prosciutto) as well as wine and beer to take out. They also supply napkins and utensils. We took our meal back to the Hotel David and sat at the large table in the garden. We fed a family of four for 20 euro including wine! The fact that the Hotel David is a bit of a walk from the center of town may be a deterrent for some, but we really liked the fact that we were out of the hub-bub. If you're driving in Tuscany the David is a perfect place to stay as it's at a major crossroads and there's parking on-site. For those without a car, a bus stop AND a taxi stand are located just outside the hotel gate. We used both at various times. I think a taxi ride to the Duomo/Accademia was about 5 or 6 euro for four of us and took about 10 minutes. But mostly we walked in and out from the city center and really enjoyed it. We loved our stay at the David and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaAB
<Content>Loved our stay at the Hotel David We stayed three wonderful nights at the Hotel David in April 2006. I am sorry that I didn't write sooner to rave about our stay, but we traveded a month in Italy after we left Florence. Gabriel and his staff were so nice - before and after our stay. Before we left on our trip, I e-mailed the hotel with questions about tours and what to see in the area, and Gabriel or one of the staff wrote me immediately with the information that I needed. They arranged tours for us at the Uffizi and the Accademia Gallery before our arrival. We were greeted by the nicest people. There were ten of us traveling together - six from Wales, and four of us from the U.S. We all loved our different rooms. They were all unique, beautifully decorated, and very clean. My husband and I had the gorgeous canopy-bed room and loved it. The Italian ambience was perfect. We had appetizers and wine in the evening in their lovely living room. The location was perfect - in walking distance to all the beautiful sites in Florence. The breakfasts were delicious. We can't say enough about how much we loved our stay. Florence is absolutely our favorite city in Italy, and staying at the very charming Hotel David made it one of the highlights of our Italian holiday. We would definitely stay there again - and hope we can return soon!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay! I just arrived home from a 16 day trip to Italy. We spent 4 nights at the Hotel David and were very happy that we did. It is a little gem on the Oltrarno side of the Arno. It is a lovely, scenic 10 minute walk to the Uffizi and a little less to Santa Croce. The bus line, though, is right outside the door of the hotel (the D bus and the 23) so if you are a bit tired of walking (or hot, it was 96 degrees when we were there this June!) you can just hop on a bus.  The hotel itself is so welcoming. Our group had 4 different rooms, 2 singles,a double and a triple, all but one with terraces. We were all very pleased with our accomodations. The triple had beautiful Florentine furniture and beds and a deep soaking tub, which was such a pleasure on a hot day. The common rooms are lovely and you can play chess or cards or quietly read a book. There are also many art books and travel guides to browse through. Each evening at 6:30 there are snacks and wine in the main lobby and it is fun to talk to the other guests, The staff are very helpful with anything you may want: restaurant recomendations, museum tickets, directions etc. The breakfasts were quite good, too.I have no reservation in recommending the Hotel David and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fxavier
<Content>Everything we expected and more We (two couples) spent four nights at this wonderful hotel the second week in June. We instructed our travel agent to book us into the Hotel David after having read the previous reviews on this website. We were not disappointed. In fact, it was the best property we stayed in during our two week trip to Italy, and we stayed in some very nice hotels. The staff is extremely helpful with directions, dining suggestions and any other major or minor thing you might want. The breakfasts are great, the rooms are large as are the bathrooms and there is a wonderful little spread put our every afternoon for the guests with wine and little snacks. This hotel is not in the middle of Florence -- something we appreciated, but if you don't want to walk (10 or 15 minutes) or take public transportation or a taxi, this might not be your favorite. However, there are plenty of restaurants and shopping on the other side of the Arno, of which we took great advantage. The hotel is close to Piazz Michelangelo, which gives visitors great views of the city especially at sunset and is close to the Pitti Palace and Boboli Gardens.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leajen
<Content>Great Little Gem Part of the allure of this hotel is that it is slightly out of the center of Florence, but still in a great location. Many different public buses are within a block of the hotel and can take you anywhere in Florence, including directly to the train station. If you perfer to walk, the Ponte Vecchio is a 10- 15 minute walk along the Arno river. We stayed in a spacious, bright, well furnished, quiet double with a lovely bathroom. The staff is very helpful and free internet access is provided. The hotel has a comfortable public sitting room and terrace, serving wine and simple snacks in the afternoon. The breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Florence Simply loved the hotel. We are a family of four (two kids ages 10 and 13) who stayed at Hotel David in mid June 2006. The hotel room was spacious and the manager was extremely helpful. This is the first time I actually left a review for a hotel. It was such a wonderful experience I had to do it. You cannot find a better hotel for the price.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jol
<Content>Loved the Hotel David Just returned from our first trip to Italy. We spent 5 nights at the David at the end of May and found it as good as the reviews suggest or better. We had arranged for the hotel shuttle to meet us at the airport after our long flight and were greeted by the welcoming smile of the young owner. He runs a most efficient,immaculate hotel with helpful staff and extra touches. In the comfortable and spacious common areas, furnished with lovely antiques, there is a generous collection of guide books and interesting magazines for use of the guests. Internet access was welcome, and we enjoyed breakfast in the bright room run by a cheerful young woman.There are cheerful modern wall frescoes in the hallways. We were in room 11, a double on the 2nd floor with a big balcony with flower boxes overlooking the garden and screened by trees which provide complete privacy. Unfortunately they don't protect from the constant traffic noise. Those motor scooter drivers can get amazing decibels out of their machines! The minibar was kept replenished, the linens changed daily, and we got used to the flat, no-pile towels which actually dry you very well, kind of like blotting paper! Although the hotel is a bit away from the heart of the action, we found that an advantage and hopped on the D bus to get to and fro or walked. There are only two nearby restaurants, and at the one we tried, Trattoria l'Orologio, we were served by a supercilious creep wearing electric blue glasses. He was just too cool for the likes of us! We did find two other pleasant restaurants in Oltrarno - Osteria del Cingale Bianco, and Casalinga. We would be happy to stay at the David again and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Graeme12
<Content>Freakin' Love This Hotel It is not in any guide book anywhere but have been staying here for more than 20 years. First as a child with my parents and now with my wife. Perfect location and perfect staff. Don't stay here if you want to be in the heart of Florence center but if you don't mind a 15 minute walk to the heart of the city this is your hotel. Room 18 is my favorite.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leora_74
<Content>What a charmer! Excellent staff! We stayed at the Hotel David for 7 days in May. It was wonderful and the staff was excellent! The rooms were large, clean and quiet. Breakfast was such a treat - the best we had during our three week stay in Italy. I truly can't say enough about the staff. They were thoughtful, prepared, always willing to help, etc. They made you feel like you were coming home every day.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1000Islands
<Content>Great Hotel with helpful staff We had three rooms for three couples for three nights at this hotel in early May. It easily lived up to the good reviews on this site. All our rooms were spacious and clean, breakfast was better than average for our two weeks in Italy. An extra treat was the afternoon snack that greeted us when we returned from our touring. WIFI serves the entire hotel and there's a small room with a computer you can use just off the lobby . . . made it very easy to quickly touch base with USA. The front desk was very helpful, getting us reservations at the museums on short notice and recommending three restaurants in the neighborhood the suited our requests just right.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It The hotel was exactly has you had advised, just perfect. We really enjoyed our stay. The location was close enough to all the attractions to walk in about 20-30 minutes but far enough away to be less crowded and quiet. The staff was extrremely helpfu, making museum reservations for us and being helpfu in everyway. The Trattoria Gigi was a disappointment (someone on Trip advisor loved it), greasy, expensive food. Take a bye on that one.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>artemis1
<Content>Nice little hotel We are just back from 3 nights at this hotel. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, and the bathroom fine too. It was all very clean. Our room felt a little dark as there were lots of trees outside the window but I suspect in the heat of summer this would be a godsend. Not too sure about the soundproofing. We never heard anyone else admittedly but the person in the room next to us liked to have loud conversations on the phone at 1am and 6am. Not very conducive to sleeping!Breakfast was ok, but nothing to rave about. I was surprised having read so many good reviews about the breakfasts. It was adequate but nothing special. it set us up for a day's walkign though.The hotel is in a nice little place, away from the hustle and bustle. We did enjoy our walk along the river every day to get into the city proper, and it was perhaps only 10 minutes to walk up to the Piazza Michaelangelo for great views of the city. Ignore the hoards of tourists and soak up the views. We would be more than happy to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>riffs
<Content>Probably our favorite Hotel on our trip to Italy We stayed at the Hotel David on our first trip to Italy. We were two adult couples and shared a quad room. This hotel is great. Others have said it is too far away but I think it is nicely located. There are some nice restaurants very close. Gigi was especially good. I like the Hotels common area's which are large and outdoor seating too. They have a small bar to get drinks along with in room mini bar. The staff is really nice and helpfull and everything is very clean and well maintained. We would all stay here again for sure.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mike612
<Content>Great Hotel in Florence I'll add another positive review for this hotel. I found it just as the others have commented. We had two rooms - 12 and 14 - that were clean, quiet and tastefully decorated. It was about a 20 minute walk to the sights, located on the edge of a nice residential neighborhood. We wanted to be away from the noise and congestion, and this was just the right location. The hotel was quiet at night, the beds were good, the bathrooms were good (although the shower in room 12 was typically European - and a little tight for me). The common area off the lobby was very nice and they set out wine and snacks each evening. A great way to relax or mingle with other guests after sightseeing all day. The staff was great. All spoke English. I would recommend this hotel to anybody staying in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LTVL
<Content>Bellisimo Just returned from 5 nights @ David. From the moment we arrived at the hotel it was a perfect stay. The staff was great, very friendly and professional. The hotel is small and quaint, an old villa that has been refurbished w/ 25 rooms. The common space had large open spaces w/ travel books  papers,free internet service and reasonable bar prices. We had room 15 which was a triple, front facing,large, airy and very clean(actually it is in the brochure and exactly as shown)It is on the 3rd floor. Double pain windows keep out noise at night. The breakfast was served in a bright and breezy room and fully stocked thanks to Maria. She will make you a latte or any other coffee you wish. Evenings they put out appetizers and wine so guests can mingle. The garden is great to read and have a glass of wine. April is the best month to travel..not to hot and no bugs.For us the best thing about David was the location and personal service. We liked being away from the hordes of tourists and being in a residential area. Also-the size of the hotel allows for boutique style and great service. The guests we met were from all around the globe and seasoned travlers. It was wonderful to trade stories and get ideas from others.We also used Roberto (Allesandro's colleage) for a private tour thru Tuscany. What a day!!Great places to eat all around hotel. Our favorite picks: L'Orologio (across street,great food,aloof service until they get to know you) Gigi on Via G. Orsisni (3 blocks from hotel) Affe di Bacco-go down Via Orsini and make a right before Gigi on Via di Rusciano. Excellent pasta  pizza and lastly Trattoria Peppino on Via G. Orsini (2 blocks past Gigi). Last tip: take the Sightseeing Firenze double decker bus that picks up 2 blocks from hotel that you can hop on/off at all locations-great way to see everything. ALso goes to Fiesole. Grazie to Gabrielle, Serena, Michaela  Chiara for a great stay. A presto  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tulsan
<Content>Our new Favorite Hotel! Thanks so much to all of you who took the time to recommend this jewel that seems to get omitted from all of the guidebooks! You were absolutely right! This place is a GEM! Although the matresses in our quad room covered the entire Goldilocks and the Three Bears range (one too soft, one too hard and the other (mine, fortunately) just right), that is our only negative comment about this place.From the warm, helpful, English-speaking front desk personnel (all of them), to the large bedrooms and bathrooms (by Italian stds), to the absolute peace and quiet at night, to the wonderful and INCLUDED breakfasts, we loved everything about this place. It's a nice 15-20 minute walk to the Ponte Vecchio, less to Santa Croce. Although it is very easy to catch the bus into the city center, I suggest you get some clear directions as to where to catch the bus on the return trip. We had some problems there (assuredly our own fault).This is our new home away from home in Florence!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monamia
<Content>Hotel David: Fantastic Everything What a great little hotel. Beautiful accommodations, roomy room with nice bath, inviting parlor areas, full library of Italy travel books, maps and more, free and easy Internet access; knowledgeable, charming, accommodating reception personnel. What a great experience. They helped me plot my way from Florence to the airport in Rome, secure Uffizi reservations, and so many wonderful recommendations. It is like having friends in Florence to have stayed there, and so perfect and completely comfortable for a woman travelling solo. Family-friendly as well. Wonderful guests were a pleasure to meet for travel chat; sophisticated, experienced travellers.I loved the area. It is in a lovely neighborhood, a short, convenient bus ride away. Visitors can get a flavor of a nice Florentine neighborhood, very well-located. A rotiscerria across the street, with charming English speaking proprietors, is perfect for a dinner to go of healthy roasted chicken and grilled vegetables, pasta side dishes, affordable bottled water! Excellent price and quality; a trattoria is right next door, but our wonderful hosts will make you a quick cappuchino as well, and easily conjure up stronger spirits for those who wish. Evening features an apertif drop-in reception in the hotel parlor, which is lovely, and hospitable, but also with private, quiet space for reading and relaxing. What a great, great place! Very residential in style. I will go and stay again.Thanks to those who took time to post their comments on Hotel David. You helped make my trip terrific. I found the Hotel David by reading reviews here and noting its staggeringly high satisfaction ratings for a smaller boutique hotel. I stayed five nights and would love to be there still. This is not the hotel for those who wish to immerse themselves in the crowded, polluted chaos of the tourist scene; in fact, I avoided the Duomo, Accademia areas as best I could. The Oltrarno area will forever be my strong preference for a home-base. I enjoyed my walks in and out of town, weaving up and down different streets, but a bus stop is right there if that is needed. Don't miss the pleasure of a quick bus trip up the road to San Miniato, good chance to see some fine local villas and lush flora. Above the inferior and well-populated Piazza Michelangelo view.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Florence We stayed in a double room with private bathroom. The room was very spacious with a private balcony and very clean.This hotel is located on the other side of the Arno river, about 20-25 minutes walk to the major attractions in Florence but the bus stops right in front of the hotel and it was extremely easy and convenient getting around.This is not a touristy area of town so if you are looking to get away from the crowds, this is the place for you. There are some very good restaurants in the area as well.The breakfast was adequate.The happy hour in the evenings with wine and snacks is an added bonus, as is the complementary internet access.Overall, a great stay. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>perth trip advisor
<Content>Value for money in Florence We stayed two nights in the David during January. Value for money this Hotel came out tops in our five week European Winter holiday. We booked through (-) several months in advance of our trip and received a really good deal. Rooms were large and airy and ours even had a balcony with table and chairs overlooking the gardens. Ensuite clean and functional. The Hotel facilities were excellent including breakfast restaurant and lounge area. Other trip advisor members have mentioned the happy hour but this feature deserves an extra mention. Free Wine and nibbles are laid out each evening in the lounge and really is appreciated after a hard day walking, seeing the sights of beautiful Florence. Staff are friendly and courteous and do everything with a smile. Double Bed and Breakfast per couple... 85EUR per day! Exceptional value and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Place We used the Hotel David as our home base for our three week trip to Italy, staying a couple of nights there each week. This gave us the opportunity to stay in three different rooms, all of which were charming and very clean. The Hotel David became our home-away-from-home and we sincerely appreciate Gabrielle's hospitality and professionalism. Gabrielle and his staff are remarkable--always helpful and friendly. While the hotel is a good 15 minute walk from many of the sights, it offered a welcome respite from the hordes of tourists. The complimentary wine and snacks in the evening are a wonderful touch, and offer the opportunity to meet other guests (lots of Canadians!)and share travel tips. Breakfast is ample and fresh--be sure to ask for a capucino! Florence is a lovely city...easy to get around on foot. I look forward to returning to Italy, and will make sure to get back to Florence to stay at least one night at the Hotel David.P.S. We used Trip Advisor reviews to choose all of our Italy accomadations and couldn't have been happier.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep the Location In Mind The hotel was nice, I would just caution fellow travelers about the location - it was too far to walk to the historical core multiple times in a day. For instance, running back to the hotel to take a nap or drop off packages, pick up or drop off a jacket or umbrella was not really practical and was time consuming. I thought the walk would be no problem and would be enjoyable along the river, we're young 40's - but the reality was that you are walking along a road with lots of noise and exhaust fumes and you need your energy to walk all around town once you get there. (In addition to walking, we did take the bus many times, but at night it stopped running pretty early like 9:00 or 10:00.) If I had a car that I needed to park for my stay in Florence - then I think it would be a fine choice. But, for myself, I now have a new travel rule, which I picked up from this trip to Italy, (from stays in Sienna, Lucca and Florence) if you are only there for a few days and have no car, stay in the city center and within the town walls, even if it costs more or is a less desirable hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Alnicol
<Content>Hotel David grows on you!       Al Nicol enjoys the view of the disappointing Ponte Vecchio  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the David Hotel We just returned from an 8 night stay at the David Hotel. We found the staff to be incredibly helpful, warm and friendly. They had many helpful ideas on where to go and helped us plan our time in Florence. The rooms were cozy and elegant. Loved the linens. The breakfast was surprisingly complete. Again the staff was very helpful and accomadating. The evening wine and snacks was a nice touch.They have a wonderful travel library and novels available to guests. It is surprising not to find this hotel reccomended in travel books. I cant imagine a better place to stay in Florence. It is a 15 minute walk to many of the sites downtown, but there is a bus and the walk is beautiful along the Arno river. We liked being in a less busy congested area. Also there are a number of good resturants in the neighborhood of the hotel and a good laundermat near by.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Claire2005
<Content>Friendly hotel with a personal touch I have just returned from Florence where I stayed in the Hotel David. We were supposed to stay 4 nights but due to fog at Pisa airport our flight was diverted to Milan so we only arrived in Florence the following morning. We were really pleased that we were only charged for 3 nights as it was 3am before we could ring the hotel to say we weren't coming until the morning.The hotel is a 15min stroll away from the centre of town (the exercise is nice after dinner!) but you can easily get a bus outside the hotel. The staff are very helpful and the wine and nibbles at 6.30pm are a nice touch!The only downsides were that we were woken pretty early as our room was near the breakfast room and there was noise from the other guests! Also, we didn't get proper towels and the wet room style bathroom meant that the bathroom floor was constantly wet!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MLAnnapolis
<Content>What a great find. I booked two rooms at the hotel, one triple for my sister, husband and I and one for my aunt and uncle. The rooms were large, clean, nicely furnished and had very good linens. The bathrooms were especially roomy and clean. It was a delight to stay there. The staff was very helpful and accommodating (even allowing us to park our rental car there the day before we checked in) The area was really nice and quiet, with a bus into town right outside the door. But the real surprise considering the small price of the rooms were the breakfast and the wine hour in the evening. The breakfast room was charming and the many choices of danish, cheese, cereal, coffee youghurt etc were wonderful in my experience of Italian breakfast choices. In the evening they set out olives, red and white wine, small pizza snacks and nuts and you got to mix with your fellow hotel mates. I will definitely advise all of my friends travelling to Florence to stay here and I will stay there again if I return. Forgot to mention free Internet (which was a godsend to us).  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>needavacationplanned
<Content>Lovely hotel - great staff I booked the Hotel David after reading the reviews posted on this site. The hotel was very comfortable and the continental breakfast was plenty. It was a little far from the sites (about a 15-20 minute walk to the Ponte Vecchio), but the walk goes next to the river so it was quite lovely. There is an excellent self-service restaurant around the corner from the hotel. Ask at the front desk because the staff go there for their meals. While in the restaurant, the hotel manager actually recognized me and stayed to help me purchase what I needed. Once back in the hotel, he had dinner plates brought up to the room so we would be more comfortable. The lounge area is very cozy with appetizers and wine set out from 6:30-7:30 (at least while we were there).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel David Just returned from 4 nights at the Hotel David and we can not fault it.The Hotel is spotlessly clean and the staff are very helpful. At 6.30 every evening they serve complimentry wine and aperitives, which are delightful.One piece of advice the rooms have no curtains/drapes but they do have electrically operated shutters and you have to hunt for the switch, oh and do use the mosquito killer supplied in your room I didn't the first night and got bitten twice.Stay at this Hotel it is wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texas11
<Content>Great location, ambience and value!       Entrance  Garden  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab!       Bed  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we loved this place This is one of the nicest small hotels we have stayed at. The hosts are wonderfully friendly and helpful(they will book museum reservations and get train and bus info for you). The room was clean and plenty of room. There is free internet access. The breakfast was excellent. It is located on the other side of the river away from the crowds but still within walking distance of all major sites. There are several excellent trattorias in the neighborhood-just ask. Perhaps the nicest part was the courtyard where wine and snacks are served in the evening. We really enjoyed this hotel and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel David Is A Great Find We liked this hotel a lot. It is a vintage Italian house just outside of downtown Florence, a good walk (15 minute) or short bus ride away from the Uffizi, Duomo and other sites. It was quite reasonably priced compared with other downtown hotels, and since it it an old Florentine mansion, the rooms were very spacious and tastefully, if simply, appointed. The bathroom was large and with gorgeous Italian tile walls and floor. The staff was very attentive and helpful, with good English, and the nice breakfast was served in a beautiful second-floor room. There was also a great sitting area with comfortable chairs and sofas and a lot of reading material in both English and Italian. Finally, there is a self-serve Laundromat just down the street that was very handy after traveling for a week with our four-person family. 2 loads of laundry and 3 dryer cycles ran around 17 Euros, but that pales in comparison to what it would have cost to send out laundry from a hotel, and only took about 1-1/2 hours. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Boink
<Content>Fantastic Deal in Florence First rate. The is a classic, old hotel... with a comfortable lobby and excellent staff (that speak fluent English and were more than happy to get reservations for museums). We stayed in Room 11 (on the 3rd floor) which is a corner room facing the front of the hotel with a terrace (and en-suite). The room was spacious and the bathroom was fine (though only a shower). The breakfast was good. This is a really fantastic deal for Florence (84 Euros). The only drawback is the location, but this really isn't a serious matter. It is a 15 minute walk to the heart of things (maybe 20), but it's a nice walk along the Arno toward the Ponte Vecchio... and there are several easy-to-catch buses that frequenty come and go if one wanted to do that. The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood on the south bank of the Arno and a bit east of the old part of the city. There aren't a lot of restaurant options in the area, but most go to the heart of the old city anyway. Again, the distance is probably what allows for the price of the stay, but we (age middle-50s) had no problems at all with the location.A great deal in a fine establishment.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lynda
<Content>We can't wait to go back Let me add to the rave reviews! We'd booked thro' venere (where you can read lots more) and notified on booking that we were travelling with relatives aged over 80. The e-mail had been noted and they had been allocated double with bathtub with shower on same floor as breakfast room, while we were in the triple above (shower only). Large, light rooms with parquet floors. From the moment of arrival onwards all the staff were friendly and helpful, on one occasion even looking up (unasked) curent opening times for the cathedral and printing them off for us.They also have a good (multilingual) stock of guidebooks for you to consult, as well as Int. Herald Tribune, Italian papers, and news magazines.We liked the walk along the river to ponte vecchio with skyline of duomo and towers to accompany you.We only took bus once to get to Accademia in time to join queue to pick up reserved tickets. We'd stayed in Oltrarno before ( at Hotel Boboli, which we would NOT recommend!) and liked being away from the tourist bustle. We ate 3 nights at the trattoria L'Orologio across the road (next to bus-stop): good choice for lighter supper or full meal. Food very good, service less so! The last night we walked to Gigli (recommended by hotel): slightly more expensive (mainly full meals). The free parking had been a major factor in our booking (we'd toured Tuscany and Umbria and kept the car to do day-trip to Pisa/Lucca and to get back to airport) as it saved us 100 euros compared with other hotels. The hotel in the event exceeded our expectations for a 3-star by miles: it features in a guide of hotels with charm and it's clear why. A final image: a crackling fire in the salon on a freezing February evening (and all those nibbles while you enjoy it).  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel David - a pearl in Florence We stayed at this small boutique hotel in August 2004. which was situated along the Arno River a short walking distance to the city center. Two young men ran the hotel in an exceptionally efficient manner. They were helpful and courteous and tended to all of our needs and requests. They couldn't help us enough. The rooms were immaculate and appointed in lovely period furniture with wood floors. Breakfasts were lovely. Bathroom had a nice shower. There was a lovely garden with refreshments served in the early evening compliments of the house. It was a peaceful place to relax after a long day of sightseeing. We paid 90 euros per night. An incredible find. We would definitely stay there again. I would highly recommend this hotel for people who want a lovely sleep for a great price.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place to Stay As my party of 10 travelled throughout Italy, I believe the stay at Hotel David was my favorite (aside from our visit to the relatives in the Abruzzi region)! The help was extremely accommodating (assisted with train tickets), pleasant and knowlegeable. There are several perks that other places didn't have...evening snacks and internet at no additional charge. I'd stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good choice We went to this hotel 2 nights in november.The hotel is well located (15 min walk from ponte vecchio or you can take a bus just closed to the hotel), very easy to find for those who arrive by car, very convenient with its free parking.Our room was perfectly clean, well decorated , comfortable, quiet, the staff very helpful and professional and the breakfast very good.For the price it seems difficult to find a better adress in firenze.I really recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Value This is the place to stay in Florence. It is far enough away from the crowds, but still convenient. We were delighted with the service, quality of room, breakfast, etc. They offer free internet service, and a wonderful evening appetizer table served in the lobby with wine and a variety of snacks. Even free umbrellas for rainy weather.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful place to stay We stayed at Hotel David at the end of Sept. It is a great location. Its about a 10-15 minute walk along the river to the historic center of Forence. After a busy day it was great to come back to a quiet peaceful hotel. Our room was large,clean and quiet. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel Just came back from Florence on Oct12. This hotel is perfect for the price. Got more than my money's worth for 98E triple per night. In Italy, this is cheap. Located in a shady area down the hill from Piazza Michelangelo where everyone goes for the magnificent view of the town of Florence. It has beautiful garden and parking. The hotel is accessible to bus which is only across the street. Bus D is great if you want to stop and start your walk from Ponte Vecchio to the main center. Hotel David's location is more quiet than other hotels in the downtown area of Florence where you can hear scooters and buses pass by while you sleep at night. The rooms are quiet and large, has high ceiling, beds are comfortable, smells clean, floors are clean, as well as bathroom. The complimentary snack that they serve at around 630pm is so nice. The staff, was very helpful, specially Serena, who has the great, sweet smile. She's refreshing. All the restaurants they recommended are excellent. Trattoria Beppino, which is a few blocks away on Via de Ripoli are highly recommended. This place is not your typical restaurant that serve tourists menu. Locals come here to eat!! Check it out! Get there early at 730pm or better yet get reservations from the hotel staff. I will go back to this hotel again and will recommend to all. Hotel David, you made my stay in Florence pleasurable. Thank you.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel David at the beginning of September. We had a wonderful stay, it was just perfect. The rooms were huge with a lovely tiled bathroom. They had air conditioning, a fridge and the bed was massive. The room was super clean and everything worked well. The place has so much character. The button for the shutters is at the side behind the curtain, we couldnt find it the first night! The breakfast was amazing too, so much choice. They provided snacks, wine and drinks in the evening too, which was lovely. They have free internet access which was quite handy. Its only about a 15 minute walk into the centre, but there are buses D, 23 and 13 which go into the centre and the station. Although we only took the bus once and we were tired from 5 days in Rome. Altogether the stay was great, and i recommend a restaurant called 'Baldovino', its on via san Giuseppe. It is amazing, and only a ten minute walk, book though, the hotel will do it for you too.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Favourite stay in Italy I have just returned from a trip that started in Paris and ended in Rome. Of all the places I stayed, Hotel David was my favourite. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the central part of Florence but it's a nice walk along the river. We stayed in room 18, it was a large beautiful room with a bath/shower and it was very quiet. The breakfasts were great. There are 2 large sitting rooms on the main floor where they have wine and snacks in the late afternoon. There are lots of newspapers and magazines to read. Nice touch. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is very elegant and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I recommend this hotel This June I traveled with my family ( husband, sisters, son, nephew, and 2 nieces ) to Italy. While in Florence we stayed at the Hotel David. It was a lovely, charming hotel with friendly staff, and a nice, quiet location. A short walk away was the # 23 bus stop which brought us all into the great areas to see ( Duomo, etc.). Every evening the hotel put out wine and munchies. The staff at the desk spoke English, and were very helpful. The room was nice, the beds comfortable, and the air conditioning worked. Breakfast was good too. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Florence.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M4
<Content>Excellent choice Our family of 4 stayed here in June 2004. Large family room, helpful, friendly staff, and very nice breakfast. Location is across river but with fast (15 minutes) bus and taxi to city center less than a block away. Evening cocktails and Internet access a plus! La Greppia restaurant nearby is excellent.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel My family - 2 adults/2 kids - stayed here Good Friday and Saturday nights in April 2004. We drove into Florence from the north (I do not recommend), and finding the hotel was a little tricky - streets are not labeled well in Italy! The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room on the first floor was very large- A king size bed plus two twin beds. Bathroom included a shower and was warm. We did not hear any street noise or noise from other rooms or the lobby - and we were right off the lobby. Breakfast included meat and cheese with yogurt, juice, rolls, etc. They did not charge us for hot chocolate or water. The internet access was wonderful - my husband could catch up on work matters and my teenage daughter loved instant messaging her friends. Another bonus is that they provide parking for free. The few drawbacks were minimal - there was a smell of cigarette smoke in the room and a strong smell in the lobby. In addition, the hotel is located in an area with few restaurants - although the rotisserie across the street was fantastic, as was the restaurant down the street that the hotel recommended. There are also grocery stores nearby. Finally, the hotel is located outside the historic district - but only a 10 minute or so walk along the Arno. You could take a quick taxi or a bus outside the hotel. We felt the hotel was a steal at 140 euros for a quad. We would stay there again.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CJ&SA
<Content>Family friendly hotel.   showReview(1434749, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice, quaint, hotel   showReview(1375671, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extraordinarily helpful staff   showReview(1139665, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little hotel   showReview(918395, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cada68
<Content>come a casa tua all'hotel david..   showReview(23354067, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Natetolive
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel, rapport qualit茅-prix !   showReview(22865376, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>about40
<Content>il rifugio del runner   showReview(22522211, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>haidi2008
<Content>Wir sind begeistert   showReview(19889363, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Khasiopea
<Content>Una buena elecci贸n   showReview(19408511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Christian-de-BXL
<Content>Au calme et proche du centre   showReview(16383951, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren zu dritt in einem...   showReview(16731732, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tiggerenze
<Content>Jederzeit wieder!   showReview(15001478, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>snake_08
<Content>Un bon choix   showReview(14958504, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ItaliaMica
<Content>Semplicemente perfetto !   showReview(14443583, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ilovenycity-
<Content>Ottimo hotel nel centro di firenze   showReview(14093069, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A well-located hotel with...   showReview(13548570, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ottimo sotto diversi...   showReview(12649240, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir k枚nnen das Hotel...   showReview(11412315, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TorinoBuyer
<Content>un tre stelle di riferimento per la categoria   showReview(6616957, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Miguelangelo
<Content>Una joya de hospitalidad   showReview(6062891, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Miglierina
<Content>H么tel David - un excellent choix !   showReview(5982611, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cuando reservamos el hotel me...   showReview(11412317, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Agueda
<Content>Fant谩stico, buen servicio y un ambiente encantador.       La habitaci贸n estaba decorada hasta el m谩s minimo detalle, era espaciosa y muy luminosa.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etablissement tr猫s bien situ茅...   showReview(11412318, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cet h么tel est excellent. Bien...   showReview(11412319, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy recomendable aunque...   showReview(11412320, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour 脿 l'hotel David tr猫s...   showReview(11412321, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Inhaber und Personal sind...   showReview(11412322, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'茅tait parfait. Lieu agr茅able...   showReview(11412323, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Petit h么tel familial tr猫s bien...   showReview(11412324, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(11412325, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A soli 10 min a piedi da Ponte...   showReview(11412326, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons pass茅 les quatre...   showReview(11412328, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bien situ茅, non loin du...   showReview(11412327, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente un`ottima...   showReview(11412329, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Uno dei migliori 3 stelle che...   showReview(11412330, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pratique en arrivant 脿 Florence...   showReview(11412331, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel me parecio muy bien...   showReview(11412332, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist sehr sauber. Das...   showReview(11412333, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚nes zentral gelegenes...   showReview(11412334, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix...   showReview(11412335, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel de charme vraiment...   showReview(11412337, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour de 3 jours en juillet...   showReview(11412336, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Zimmer zur Viale...   showReview(16725162, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr茅s bien situ茅...   showReview(11412338, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon acceuil 脿 la r茅ception...   showReview(11412339, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Acceuil chaleureux, personnels...   showReview(13532589, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel et accueil...   showReview(13532710, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix...   showReview(13514260, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen hotel, quiz谩s un poco...   showReview(11412341, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pulito, camere...   showReview(11412340, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tr猫s charmant, proche...   showReview(11412342, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist vom Bahnhof...   showReview(12908552, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Piccolo hotel di grande charme...   showReview(11412343, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura molto accogliente per...   showReview(11412344, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vraiment une excellente adresse...   showReview(11412345, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Charmant h么tel avec un accueil...   showReview(11412346, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

