<Author>MichWorldTraveler
<Content>Very Unforgettable Hotel I stayed here this week as part of a convention...And have stayed here every January for the last 3-4 years...I liked it better as the Adam's Mark...But under either name, this is an unspectacular hotel with absolutely nothing that stands out.The rooms haven't changed since the Adam's Mark...However, in previous years, I had MUCH larger rooms. I was not in the Adam's Mark loyalty program, and am just a 'standard' Starwood member, but I received better rooms when it was an Adam's Mark--Every year. I don't know if I was lucky in the past or just really unlucky this time...I saw three rooms this time (which I'll explain below) and all were very small, even for downtown hotel standards...I've had bigger rooms in Hong Kong and New York City, which are notorious for their small rooms. When I checked in, I had 2 rooms reserved...One for me and one for one of my employees. They did get us rooms on the same floor...When I opened my door, the room was not cleaned yet! Back downstairs to the check-in desk, where I stood for 20-25 minutes waiting to get helped again. I was pretty upset by the wait, given that I was already 5 hours late getting to the hotel, and had lots of work to do that night yet...Finally when I got helped, the staff was apologetic--I don't blame them, as they just go by what their computers tell them is clean and available. I was calm and polite and asked Since I've gone through all of this, can I get an upgraded room? The man said Of course. Although my new room was on a higher floor (separating me from my co-worker), it was no better, no bigger and no nicer than the room that was dirty. Some upgrade! The bathroom was tiny--You couldn't fit two people in there standing up--it's probably 4 feet by 6 feet, including the tub! The toilet, which reminded me of a bus station the way it had the 'pull lever' is about 5 inches from the sink which butts right up to the shower. Tight quarters!The restaurant was much better under Adam's Mark...They had many Mexican offerings and a nice variety...Now it reminds me of a small-town Holiday Inn...Limited menu, very little creativity, and high 'downtown hotel' food prices. The English spoken by the staff was horrible...I could barely communicate with my waiter one night, and not to mention the assistant staff. I have easier communication in Asia!On my way to a meeting, I was going to stop to the gift shop (on the second floor) and grab a juice and a muffin for breakfast. Despite the permanent sign saying something like Open 7AM to 8PM (or whatever it was), the doors were closed and there was a sign on the door saying they'd be back in a half hour (this was at 9AM). Very annoying and not what I'd expect from a full-service hotel...So, I missed breakfast that day.The place isn't bad...It's just not great by an stretch of the imagination. Had it not been for the convention being right there, I'd surely have sought accommodations at the nearby Fairmont or Westin.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>ShambhalaKeith
<Content>Rude Staff We booked online to stay the night after a 3000 person dinner. When we arrived at the hotel shortly after 3:00 PM, they had closed valet parking for guest and the parking garage was full. Upon check in, the King room we reserved was not available. We also heard other guest complaining that suites they had reserved had been given away. We took another room with two queen beds and we were given two vouchers for the buffet breakfast. Ok, that was acceptible. I did appreciate it. However, the person at the desk did not ask for any ID, so in reality they could have given our room to anyone. Once in the room, we found remnants of previous guests that had not been cleaned out. Nothing big, just tags in the top of the closet. But it does make you wonder how well it was cleaned.We had a small snack in the restaurant to tied us over until the dinner that night, signed the bill back to our room, only to be chased down in the lobby. At the desk, they didn't ask if we wanted to put down a cc for further purchases so the restaurant could not charge to the room. Again, nothing big, just embarrasing.The next morning, the staff at the restaurant was incredibly rude. The coffee cup I was offered was dirty, and the waiter slammed it into the saucer as he took it away. When we asked to break a $20 in order to tip, he was rude again.We are putting together a convention in Dallas for another proffesional organization we belong to. Even though the bid they gave us was good, I can assure you it will not be with the Sheraton.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>EJPVA
<Content>This hotel is under renovation! This hotel was formerly an Adams-Mark property, purchased by Sheraton this year. It has not yet been renovated, and unfortunately that shows! The staff is terrific, the location is directly adjacent to the Convention Center (which is perfect if you're attending meetings there), and is in the heart of the downtown business area. It's also close to the Tram, connecting to the West End and to sports arenas. Once the renovation is complete, it's going to be great...right now, think twice about whether you're willing to put up with iffy temperature control, questionable hot water (some rooms have it, some not so much!), painters, noisy elevators, etc. The good point is -- the staff is super!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>aqp
<Content>Needs a facelift, but otherwise it's fine The Sheraton in downtown Dallas is showing it's age. The front desk staff told me they were starting a multi-million-dollar remodel and all rooms would be non-smoking once it was complete. In the meantime, the hotel is really showing its age.Carpet, wallpaper, hallways and elevators all look very worn, but the rooms have good linens, nice towels, and our room was very clean. The Sheraton does not have the Starwood Heavenly beds - our mattress was okay, but not great. I liked the pillows better than most hotel's. The bathroom amenities from Bliss are nice.The lobby looks like it has been updated recently. It sports a very cool steel cowboy / bucking bronco statue. There are some restaurants within walking distance ( I recommend Campisi's). The hotel has adequate parking ($14/ night self park).I will definitely stay there again after the renovations are complete.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicococure
<Content>Not exciting, but at least clean! This downtown Dallas hotel is formerly the Adam's Mark . My overnight stay was for a training conference/retreat held at the hotel. The property is nothing flashy or exciting, just adequate accomodations which are well-suited to business people and conference-goers. The room and bedding were clean. The bathroom tile looked dated, but clean also. Conference rooms were good for our training group, and the food and beverage served were fine. I guess there's nothing that says a hotel has to be modern and contemporary to be acceptable. However, any renovations to update this property will surely be in it's favor.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Paco1paco
<Content>I'll keep this brief.... As my title suggests, I will keep my review very brief as there are plenty of reviews already stating the rundown nature of this hotel. It's old and definitely dated, although spacious and convenient. I cannot overemphasize the need to avoid eating ANY food at this hotel. From the eggs-only breakfast to the tasteless dinners, the menu is uninspired and bland. I highly recommend Pappasitos even thought it is a bit of a drive from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>carrache
<Content>Lacking It's hard to imagine who this hotel is aimed at. The only folks I can imagine who would end up here are people who would choose it based on its name. It's not worth it.This isn't a bad place, it just seems like there has to be better value for the money. The room I had was clean, large and had a high enough view. I felt comfortable and my room was quiet enough.The core problem is that I didn't feel like the quality/price ratio was right. Aside from everything from the internet connection to the bar and restaurant being wildly, wildly overpriced, the cost of the room itself suggested a five star stay, but the room was really only about three. The location is nothing special either. Despite being downtown, there is precious little within walking distance. I'll be looking for a better value the next time I am in town.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	4	3	2	

<Author>MrsWright2008
<Content>Wow.... ..that's all I can say about this hotel...WOW...and it's not positive either. First things first, the facilities of the hotel are up to date and pleasant, save for the elevators, which I will get to later. We stayed in the center tower and found the room to be adequate and spacious. Now, to the problems I had with the hotel. We stayed here during our stay for OU/Texas weekend. Having stayed in other Sheraton establishments, I was confident our stay would be nice, peaceful (at least, as peaceful as OU/Texas could be), and convenient. This couldn't have been further from the truth. When we arrived, we discovered that their parking garages were full. This proved to be incovenient. When I spoke with the front desk at check in and stated my concern, I was greeted with the response, Sorry, I don't know. Maybe there is somewhere to park down the street. Not one to loss my cool, we found a covered parking garage and resigned ourselves to paying $20 to park for the night. For the record, for a hotel of this size, it amazes me how ill-equiped they are to deal with parking, and then to have such horrible customer service when asked for assistance.Anyhow, after parking we proceeded to the elevators and were amazed to find that there was a line to get on the elevators. Mind you, this was not a small line, but one where we found ourselves in a 45 minute wait to get on the elevator. Later, we figured out they only had what appeared to be 3 of the 6 or so elevators working. The attendents they had organizing the elevators were rude and physical. I can't count the number of times I was literally push and shoved into the elevator by a member of staff. I understand the amount of people was massive, but at the same time, there isn't a need to get physical. Also, it might be worth it for the hotel to have someone near the elevators on each floor, or maybe every few floors. Case and point: On our first trip up the elevator, we arrived at the first stop to other drunk college kids who kept letting people on the elevator. I was scared that we were past the weight capacity threshold, but couldn't do anything about it. This is a huge security and safety issue that should be addressed in the future. In fact, there were a group of people that were very vocal about getting stuck in the elevators the same weekend we were there. Of course, they found no resolve in the hotel staff. Also, while we were there, we stayed on the 23rd floor of the center tower. Before going to bed on our last night, the fire alarm begin to sound off. We walked outside to find a member of the hotel staff situated by the exit door. We asked him what was going on. The only response we received was I don't know. We then proceeded to ask Should we go downstairs and he said Well, you can do that or stay in your room. OK...we're on the 23rd floor, the fire alarm is going off, and the hallway is gray with smoke or something strongly resembling it. As you can imagine we weren't happy with the response. Luckily, my husband managed to find some else (who was just a guest..not a staff member) who explained that someone had set off the fire extinguisher. At the very least, we could have received that kind of information from the hotel staff member, don't you think?The walls are as thin as sheets as well. Our last night at the hotel, it was hard to get to sleep because of a loud party next door. We missed our wake-up call and when I called guest services to say we'd be about 15 minutes late past the 12pm check out time, I was told by a rude customer service rep that the fee for being 15 minutes late to check out would be $109! The was the cherry on top of the ice cream for me as far as my horrible opinion of this place. I could have looked past the beer can littered hallways, horrible elevator coordination, parking insufficiency, and overpriced restaurants. But this response prompted me to write this review today to tell the truth about my stay here. I understand they are under going a transition and this place has the potential to be a wonderful Dallas hotel. It's in a wonderful location, has a workable structure, and a name to build on. But excuses can only go so far. At the very least I would have been happy with positive customer service. I had hoped to encounter that at checkout. I expected to at least be asked So how did you enjoy your stay? But instead, I handed the gentleman my room key and all he said was You've no charges you are done...NEXT! Unbelievably, WOW...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>bhawbill
<Content>okay for Hotwire price Just returned from this hotel and have no serious problems with it.Its geared toward convention business so it is very busy during the week and empty on weekends.Only 2 minor complaints,they charge for internet access in business center[most places I've stayed offer it for free]and their sports bar,Players has only 2 tvs.If you are sitting in the wrong place you can't see either of them.I did find there guest services desk to be helpful and friendly anytime I had a question.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>leadpntchp
<Content>Again, seems to be hit or miss. Depends on your expectations. Think the trick is to sign up as a Starwood Preferred Member - or at least say you are. Stayed at one a few years back, but couldn't find my membershirp card, so signed up again. When I checked in, they couldn't locate me, but signed me in as a preferred member anyway.The Good: I was in the South Tower (27th floor), which, according to other reviews, was most recently updated. I felt the room was huge - Preferred Member?. The bathroom seemed large enough and I had no problems with hot water. The room was clean and well stocked. The bed was very comfortable and had about a dozen pillows. The hotel is connected to Bryant? Tower and Plaza of the Americas. As I was there for business, this was an excellent conveience. Dallas offers excellent public transportation. Access to the Train to the West End, where there is a variety of restaurants/bars is within a block. There is an old time trolly - you have to walk about 7 blocks to get it, but it's free and well worth it - takes you to another part of downtown Dallas with other restaurants/bars. Please tip the conducter.The Bad: Although the TV was a huge LCD, the cable line up was limited. About 20 channels 10 in analog, then the same 10 in digitial. There were no heavy drapes to block out the morning sunlight if you wanted to sleep in. There was Wi-Fi connectivity, but you had to pay for it, as well as local calls. As a Preferred Member, I was given access to the continental breakfast for free. In the rinky-dink little town where I live, the cheapest of hotels offer these services for free. For the price of the room, these should be free.You could hear doors slamming all night. My first thought was why are people slamming their doors? But, that was just the nature of the heavy doors.The Ugly: The hotel lists several different restaurants. However, the list hasn't been updated as most of them are now closed. Of the remaining, most close around 7 pm - as do most of the restaurants in the Plaza Food Court. The Sports Bar has four average sized TV's in a grid against a wall. This was closed by 10 PM. A sports bar that closes at 10PM? (Actually, it seem to be the norm in Dallas, places closing early.) The sole restaurant that has extended hours has a VERY limited menu and is quite overpriced.I didn't make it to the pool area or hot tub, as business needs superceded. I had no problems checking in or out. I called for a wake up call, came about 5 minutes later than the time I requested, but the clock could have been off. Asked which cab service was best and found out there was a shuttle every 30 mins to the airport - I don't recall this being mentioned in the services of the hotel.Summary: Not a bad experience - of course, I didn't have to pay for it. For an upscale holel, you pay far more than for what you recieve. Instead of a Hotel, it seems to be more geared as a Convention Center.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>CJSLubbock
<Content>hot water is an issue       my suite - room 2007  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>kentdshaw
<Content>Could use a little attention, from everyone I definitely would have been more critical of the room if I hadn't gotten a deal for it on priceline. Overall, the hotel just needs someone to stay at it. Judging from the size of the convention area, and from some of the other reviews on this site, it must be very crowded during the week. My girlfriend  I were staying there on a weekend. And the place was a ghost town. I never saw anyone down in the hotel restaurant, either morning or evening. In fact, I could count on two hands the number of people I saw in the lobby, period. With the mammoth dimensions of the lobby, it just felt incredibly empty.The hotel might have felt a little different if there had been more people there. But with that emptiness, many of the rough edges appeared even more rough. Though one rough edge they can't really cover is the pool area. This thing hasn't been updated in at least 20 years. It's a guess. But considering that the linoleum at the bottom of the pool is starting to peal, and the stainless steel hot tub has graffiti, I can't help but think there are some major updates which should be scheduled for the very near future.The room itself, though a little cramped (as another review pointed out) wasn't so bad. There is an updated, flat screen television. There are matching granite table tops. There are comfortable seats beside the window. There are lush, thick, thick towels. And there's an incredible bed. We had a king sized bed in our room, and both of us slept like we were dead. Waking up was very difficult. Again, some rough edges (like an antiquated air conditioning system and paneling that was coming off), but most of the room felt very cozy. And, most importantly, the furniture that was in the room was very comfortable. Like I said, if I had paid full price for this room, I might have a different story. As far as my experience, I got much more than I paid for (thanks priceline). I might not recommend the hotel, but if I knew someone was going to stay there, I wouldn't warn them against anything.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	1	

<Author>hotnikki_8
<Content>Old and Tired This hotel is very old and it shows. The common areas of the hotel have a rather funky smell, musty and old. The room itself was very clean however, it was very small. I have never seen a smaller bathroom. There was mold on the bathroom ceiling and the paint was chipping off the bathtub, reveiling its former colour. Sound proofing was non-existant and the pipes were extremely loud. We were awakened at 7:00am by our upstairs neighbour having a shower, the pipes were squeeling. The in hotel bar was very loud and frequented by people of questionable character. Overall, not impressed and will not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>txrus
<Content>Long way to go Having never stayed here before, I can't comment on any changes since the hotel became a Sheraton property. The fact that the water in one of the 3 flower vases on the registration desk was in desperate need of changing shouldn't depend on ownership, however.During check-in, one staff person (thankfully not the one who was checking me in!) was both eating  talking w/her mouth full to another guest-ugh!Rooms, at least on the 7th floor of the South Tower, are incredibly small as are the bathrooms. The room is so small the side table for the arm chair is actually behind the chair!! No fitted bottom sheet on the bed, no pillow top or even mattress pad, either. First room I was assigned had a malfunctioning A/C unit; hotel sent 3 staff to work on it , after I requested it, changed to me another room. I didn't have time for them to spend hours tearing the room apart, though I appreciated the effort. 1 of the sliding doors to the closet of the new room was off the track  literally leaning against the wall (eventually that was, somewhat, rectified). No luggage stand-multiple requests for one, plus additional hangers,  foam pillows until nearly 4 hrs later. The single long blonde hair hanging off the shade of the desk lamp was a nice touch that was still there when I left nearly a week later.As I said previously, the bathroom is very small , I think, laid out very awkwardly. They clearly spent a small fortune on covering every surface in the room  bathroom w/granite, including bedside table, corner shelf for the tv (large flat panel) as well as the bathroom floor), but couldn't spare a few dollars for a curved shower curtain in the bathroom to give guests a tiny bit more elbow room. The 'don't steal me' hair dryer is actually behind the toilet which makes it difficult to use given the short cord on it. At least they refrained from 'don't' steal me hangers' in the closet. Carpet in the room is in desperate need of cleaning (even before my can of Pepsi exploded all over the closet door, walls,  ceiling). A red 'status' light behind the tv started blinking in both my room  my colleague's room next door Monday night  since the tv's sit on a shelf in the corner, we ended up w/a flashing red light clear up to the ceiling. By that point, we were both so fed up w/the hotel, we simply threw towels over the flashing light for the duration of our stay.The public areas of the hotel are, overall, quite run down, dingy,  in desperate need of, if not a complete make-over, at least a deep  thorough cleaning. My traveling companions, who have (unfortunately for them!) stayed @ this hotel before, said the service in the Pearl Cafe has improved quite a bit since the change-over, however, the food itself hasn't. We only ate breakfast there, so I can't comment on the rest of their menu. The Westin City Center is connected to the Sheraton by a enclosed skywalk which has a number of food court style restaurants as well as the Westin's restaurant where we ate 3 nights (the crab encrusted tilapia is wonderful!).All in all, this hotel has a long way to go to become a real Sheraton.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	3	2	

<Author>isabella750
<Content>Stay away if you can I don't think there is enough space to mention everything that was wrong with this hotel - from the beginning to the end. I had to stay here for a convention, and we not only had a number of rooms for employees but also a meeting room reserved for the entire stay. I was arriving late on a Sunday and was assured by the event staff that I would have access to the meeting room to set up equipment for the next morning. Upon arrival at the hotel they had no record of the meeting room, even though I had paperwork in hand with the confirmation number. After two hours of back and forth which brought us to midnight they finally found a presidential suite that I could use for the week - 20 floors from where we were supposed to be. It took another hour or so to get the equipment to the room, since it was now the middle of the night, and I finally was able to hit the bed at 3am with a wake up call for my meeting at 6:30am.The next morning I was constantly interrupted by the event center who was asking why I wasn't in the meeting room they had assigned - even though the manager who put me in the suite assured me this would not be a problem. Every time service was needed it was late, and missing something. The charges were incorrect, and multiple calls to the event center seemed to cause more confusion as they didn't share information amongst their team.The sleeping rooms had different rates for the first day versus the following because of a conference rate. This is pretty standard practice with hotels, and we were all aware of it. However, what they didin't tell us is that we had to check out of our room and then check back in again for this to work properly. Not only did our room keys not function when we came back, but they didn't change the rate for us since we didin't follow their procedure. Another argument later and we were able to fix that mess as well.To top the whole thing off, they actually have a surcharge on anything shipped in and out of the hotel. So even the little fedex packages had a surcharge over $10! Talk about a rip off.I expected a lot more from a Sheraton, and would highly recommend staying elsewhere if you can possibly make it happen!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssmcgarr
<Content>I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I was here for a convention. The stay was really nice. There were three different groups of people having conventions and pleanty of space for everyone. The convention area is really nice. Room was great. Very clean.Hotel is located downtown Dallas.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laureka
<Content>An unexpected Passenger I stayed at the Sheraton recently for an event. It's a beautiful hotel, but I did have a few small issues.The first was our cleaning lady. Now, I don't mind people from other countries. Infact, I love that we're such a diverse country. However, I didn't appreciate the fact that all the English our cleaning lady knew was Me no speak english. I'm sorry. Every time I tried to ask her something or requested that she not move something from where it was, she just repeated it back to me. The language barrier caused a definite lack of understanding.I didn't notice any roaches in the hotel room, but I know for a fact that I have never had roaches in my home. I got home from the Sheraton yesterday and unpacked my luggage this afternoon. Just recently I found a roach crawling out of the dirty laundry I'd set aside to wash that I'd taken to Dallas with me. I do not appreciate it one bit and hope dearly that it was the only roach that came home with me.Those two incident aside, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton Dallas. The staff was nice, albeit a little flustered due to the massive amount of people who'd shown up for the event, but that's to be expected with any normal human being.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Bliss_Blister
<Content>Looks good from the outside The good is you can easily walk over to the Plaza of the Americas and Westin for lunch. There is a trolley stop close by to head to the West End for dinner. Rooms (some) have a wide screen hi-def tv. Reviews about the location are correct. Downtown Dallas is on a down turn and the areas around this hotel show this. The lounge was nice, pricey but thats how it goes with hotels. Rooms facing the bus depot will be entertained by numerous birds singing all night long. Its not a la la singing either, but loud screeching. The birds hide in the trees that surround the bus depot.No free wireless in the rooms. You can print boarding passes in the business center but the staff get huffy because you are not paying like others do to check email.I think the hotel was used to serving the larger conferences and everyone else could take a jump. Haliburton was there having a big shindig.The worst thing about my stay: as I turned in one night, I noticed something on the wall. It was a cockroach about 2 inches long. Im not usually queasy or picky about insects, but not cockroaches and no way could I sleep while that was in the room. I should have called the front desk but didnt want to have to get dressed and wait for them to respond so I knocked the roach off the wall with the phone book then beheaded the roach with the trash can before it tried to hide. As both parts still squirmed I picked up the pieces with the do not disturb card and flung it outside by my door. In the morning the card and bug pieces were still there, which was understandable as they wouldnt vacuum at night, but when I returned to my room at 4PM the card was gone but the roach was still there. It stayed there until I checked out. The halls are NOT cleaned on a daily basis. As you might expect, that made the rest of my stay uncomfortable. I shook out all of my clothes and kept them in my bag, zipped up tightly. I would spot check the walls the rest of my stay on a regular basis. I had some snacks from a reception that was inside a drawer, but threw it away as I kept imagining the roaches eating the food while I was out.Adams Mart was set to become a Sheraton shortly after my stay so hopefully they will improve the business aspects. Also they should call an exterminator and make sure the cleaning schedule is followed precisely.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	3	2	

<Author>sypCalif
<Content>Good Experience at this hotel Valet was professional and hospitable. My husband and I were here for a Board Meeting - so its good for business travelers. Gift Shop is really stocked w/alot of items you may need on the go (toieltries, etc). Parking was convenient w/standard cost of $12-14 for guests. The guestroom we had was in the South Tower on the 18th Flr w/slight view,very, very small guest room with King bed for two but functional, granite top countertops/floors in bath and granite counter top for the Flat Screen TV!!! The bathroom was super small as well about the size of an interior room on a cruise ship. Shower/bathtub was narrow and restrictive to bathe in. Decor: Attempting but not consistently the best - The A/C unit countertop finish needs fixing, the finish was chipping and slightly hanging off. Cosmetic observation. New Coffee dispenser brews cup instead of pot which is good. Chairs are not, not, not comfortable at all. ALL of the chairs were extremely narrow. Room service was timely and decent good. But expensive (hot oatmeal and side bacon (4 slices) was a total of $35 !! We have stayed at other hotels that have top quality service 4-5 Star and the pricing was conducive to the quality of food received. We sometimes have to do alot of room service due to schedules but this hotel we didn't. the restaurant is much better and hot food guarnteed. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. Lobby area is spacious and the desk clerks were very professional and kind at check-in. Hallways/elevators clean and decor nicely. Our colleagues had a beautiful guestroom just two doors down from us and it was extremely spacious. Their bathroom was a bit dated in decor though - lighting really bad like in an old gas station. This property was literally transitioning from Adams Mark to Sheraton during our stay - so when this happens it can be unsettling for guests but it was good and didn't affect us in anyway. Our general assembly meetings competed with a youth cheerleading competition and they were located upstairs above our meeting room and shook the floors to the level of the chandeliers on our floor were in earthquake mode with dust coming down...whew! All in all we would probably stay there again and would recommend it to our colleagues for the sake of convenience and location. Hope this review helps in your travel planning.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ATLNate
<Content>Blech! The only thing that made this hotel ok for me was that I only paid $68 on Hotwire. I was excited by this hotel due to it's location and size. I had hoped that such a large hotel would offer some excitement and glitz to my trip. That was not the case. This hotel (formerly the Adams Mark) is run down and depressing. The area surrounding the hotel in downtown Dallas is devoid of anything interesting to do. I had hoped to enjoy some interesting night life, but apparently Downtown Dallas has not enjoyed the urban renewal so many other US cities have experienced. Walking outside the hotel at night seemed dicey.Usually large hotels have some great entertainment oportunities and a nice lobbybar scene. Not this one. Nothing was particularly inspiring and the place was dead. Guess everyone else knew this hotel is a dud.Pros:-Very friendly and helpful staffCons:-Dirty-Boring/sketchy part of town-$10 slow internet. I don't know for the life of me why hotels still do this.-Boring boring boring  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	4	-1	2	

<Author>tulsainok
<Content>Service was terrible--Would not stay here again I stayed here for 4 nights in April with a co-worker for a conference. We were looking for the Adams Mark, and drove right past the Sheraton, and finally figured out that it had recently changed names. After a big hassle at the check-in desk over credit card issues, we asked to be in a room near our friends, and a nice front desk man, who was helping our friends, placed us in rooms right next to each other. Very nice. When we got to our rooms on the 16th floor of the South Tower, they ended up being suites! 2 suites for 4 people. That was delightful, as was the gorgeous view. The rooms were very nice and spacious with nice up-to-date furnishings.But the service in the hotel was atrocious. When we got there we had Starbucks coffee for the coffee maker in the room along with teas, cream and sugar, and 2 big styro cups. We had 2 glass glasses and 2 styro drinking cups. Although the cleaning crew left more coffee each day, they only replenished the coffee cups once, leaving us with coffee but no cups, and never brought new sugar and creamer, or new styro small cups, and I didn't trust the cleanliness of the glass glasses. They never brought new toiletries after the first day, and we ran out. The prices for food in the shop in the lobby were amazingly high: $3.50 for a water or a pop. There were pop machines at the pool and on our floor, but they were both empty. The $9.99 internet charge was ridiculous, so we used our laptop in the lobby to check our mail. We could not use the phone system to call our friend's room, or for them to call us. Our cell phones worked sporadically in the building. When we called the front desk, they never answered, Finally another dept would answer and transfer us back to the front desk again. We had to go to the desk and wait in line to ask about checking out. Then wait in a very long line, at least 30 minutes to actually check out and another 30 minutes to get our car out of the valet parking.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Phalarope
<Content>Really bad experience for the price Stayed here for a conference. Evidently AM changed overnight to a Sheraton . . . but it took 5 requests (both by phone and in person) to get a single garbage can in the room (there were supposed to be 2 and we had none). The 5 requests were over 2 days. Also, there was no plastic bag for the ice bucket and that took 2 days to get as well. Cleaning service did not come the second day until after 5:30. Me and my roomie were getting ready for a dinner - - (I guess they do the people checking out first and then go to the rooms who are staying - - - - but still) and had to leave early. Checking out seemed to be rather complicated too. Although we had a 'manager' - - dividing up the bill (requesting two separate ones) required us to 'have a seat' - - good grief. The price on the back of the hotel room door said the regular price for 2 beds was $300 - - ouch. We didn't pay that much but I have stayed in much cleaner and responsive hotels than this. Never have experienced anything like this - - especially since we aren't talking about a 'cheap' hotel. Good luck . . . .  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sirreal34
<Content>Horrible Hotel That Steals Your Forgotten Items Do not loose or forget anything in the room. There lost and found department steals. I know I forgot to get my charger. Ofcourse they never found it. The service is terrible. It is a rip off joint for the price you pay at this hotel. Rooms are too small, and dirty. The bathtub belongs in a slum. DO NOT STAY HERE  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chirpie53
<Content>Got the run around booked a reservation in May of 2007, for this long weekend in Dallas. I requested a room with 2Queen beds. Upon arrival, I was told that only Kings were available. I reminded the clerk that I had resevered this room many months ago, and he said it was first come first served.There were four of us! I showed the date of the reservation from my confirmation printout. I requested rollaways, if that was the best they could do..They insisted that this was the only room available since there was a couple of groups there for conventions. The room I was given was a corner room with barely a place to open our luggage.Rollaways were not a possibility in this room..I called the desk to complain, to get the same answer; that there were no other rooms. This is a high rise hotel. I asked to speak to a manager and they assured me that one would call me back. A voice did call me back very quickly; I was quite certain it was the same guy from the front desk, who proceeded to tell me the same story again. I expressed my dissatisfaction. They finally agreed to move me to two adjoining King rooms, but charged us for another room.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>PittGrrl04
<Content>Way Overpriced! We stayed at this hotel from Thursday to Monday (President's Day) in February 2008, for a conference held on site. Unfortunately, our stay coincided with a national cheerleading competition, so there were loud girls running up and down the halls and clogging the lobby throughout our stay. Although this was not the hotel's fault, the hotel is so large (1800 rooms, 3 different towers) that if its filled to capacity, you will not enjoy a quiet stay whatsoever.Unfortunately, we were placed in a non-smoking, king-size room on the 16th floor of the North Tower. I say unfortunately, because this is the tower which hasn't been remodeled yet. However, after traveling all day from Buffalo, driving from the airport, waiting in line to check in with all the other guests, waiting for an elevator to the 16th floor, to discover we were in the old tower... we were just too exhausted to complain and move. We paid the convention rate of $160 a night for a small, Motel 6-grade room. The bed was adorned with your typical mid-80s flowery duvet, and the mattress itself was incredibly uncomfortable. Ugly carpets and drapes, old tv with a remote that hardly worked, you get the idea. However, there was a nice desk and a sink outside of the bathroom itself, which is always nice. We also received a complimentary USA Today each weekday.We were under the impression that we would have complimentary wireless internet in our room throughout the stay. However, on our second day, we realized that there was no wireless in the room, and only the option of an ethernet-type connection for $9.95 per day. Upon inquiry to the front desk, apparently only the new, renovated tower, the South Tower, has wireless, but they said we could sit in the lobby and access wireless if we needed to. Well, with all these cheerleaders running around, we were not about to do that, and just ended up paying the day rate. However, if I would have known this when I checked in, I would have definitely insisted on being placed in the South Tower. And when I finally visited a friend's room in the South Tower... the difference in comfort and style was ENORMOUS!The hotel features a casual restaurant that offers a buffet and menu for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and we ate their our first evening. It was decent food. There is also a lounge (where a friendly bartender lent us a corkscrew for a bottle of wine in our room) as well as a sports bar. The hotel also has an upscale restaurant, Chaparral, on the 38th floor of the Center Tower, but we didn't eat there at all since they were only serving a special Valentines Day special (ie $$$$$$$$$ for a small selection of food) throughout the weekend.Parking onsite is $12 a day with in and out privileges, and valet is also available. There wasn't much to see in the immediate area of downtown, at least without walking distance. So luckily we had rented a car to get around.As far as the conference itself, everything seemed... too confusing. Upon asking the front desk when the meeting started on Friday, they had no information and seemed to think our group didn't even exist! We met on the 37th floor of the center tower, which meant catching our elevator on the 16th floor, going to the lobby, and then walking to another elevator to get to the 37th floor. Very annoying. And then, our final banquet was actually across the street, and we had to walk through cheerleader practice to get there! I can't really blame the hotel, since it was probably the conference planners' fault, but nonetheless.... this hotel is very large and you will just be one of a crowd.Would I stay here again? No way. There are several hotels in the immediate area that I would try over returning to the Adam's Mark.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	3	2	1	

<Author>heysugar1
<Content>Nah On business trip and shared the room with a co-worker. The room (e.g., beds, bathroom) is very spacious. Had 2 queen sized beds. Was less expensive for us to book the room directly than it was to book the room using the 'special conference rate'. The hotel is very business oriented. Not recommended for anything else. Restaurant on the 1st floor is a bit pricey but the food is good. Be aware that the later you go, the more likely the food runs out. Great for business folks.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>minervah48
<Content>Low Grade 3 Star Expectations were disappointed from the first day. Handicap parking slots were used for valet parking. The spacious room was equipped with stained covers, multiple chipped bathroom tiles, sloppy bathroom caulking work, blackened bottom of bathtub, a few sheets of toilet paper and 3 tissue in dispensers, inoperative phones (there was a dial tone but no calls could be received or accomplished), and 2 out of 3 lamps had blown bulbs (it took maintenance an hour to respond to the service call). The restaurant carpet and several chairs were littered with food and stains. After exchanging a few chairs looking for a clean one, we finally received replacements that was wobbly at best. The Cobb Salad had a ladel full of lettuce, the Ribeye consisted primarily of fat and some substance that was difficult to cut and the New York Steak sandwich contained bulbous masses of fat with pockets of meat. Yes, complaints were made without even a credit for meals, room or parking. Unless substandard is your cup of tea, stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Big_Mel_N_LA
<Content>Good for Business Been here 3 years in a row now. This hotel is great for large business events. I'm not sure if I would stay here for leisure because it's a little bit on the expesive side. Other than that it is a nice place. It has a nice gym, cafe, piano bar, two sports bars, a gift shop and a deli for breakfest or lunch. It's right across the street from a train stop and a 5 minute walk to Main Street where you find lots of night clubs, bars and resturants. It's easy to get a cab and a shuttle from this hotel. They have a business center.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Louis59
<Content>Great Meeting Facilities; Rooms Need Work This hotel typifies Adams Mark Hotels' efforts to slowly shut down the brand. In typical AMH fashion, the hotel sports a fine staff but the physical plant condition is average, at best.The good: the location of this hotel is in the heart of downtown Dallas, with easy access to shopping, dining, and attractions. The staff members are numerous, warm, and friendly, and attend to requests readily and with grace. On a surprising note, the meeting and banquet facilities are well above average in condition, service, and food quality 鈥?our group enjoyed banquet breakfasts, lunches, and dinners during our three day meeting and they were handled flawlessly.The bad: the guestrooms. The bed is very comfortable, but the rooms are small, much smaller than standard convention hotels. The walls are thin and you can easily hear the TV and talking from the room next door. The clock radio is annoyingly difficult to use, and the in-room coffee maker is the old-style four-cup glass pot that shows little evidence of having been cleaned in recent weeks. The bathroom is tiny, with undersized bathtubs, and the weak water pressure leaves you with only a trickle of a shower. For some reason, hot water is plentiful in the morning but at any other time of day, forget it鈥old water ran for nearly 30 minutes when I tried to shower before dinner. Be sure to ask for a room in the renovated South Tower, or what they now call the Tower Royale. Finally, when oh when will hotels learn that if you鈥檙e not from their city, you really don鈥檛 care to receive the local paper in the morning! I awoke to find the Dallas newspaper at my door this morning and learned later that USA Today is available only on request, and only if not too many people request it. Minor item, but one that a good convention hotel should understand.The staff are telling us that the hotel is converting to a Sheraton in the coming weeks. Let鈥檚 see if they can correct the rooms-related annoyances and make this hotel a truly solid downtown hotel鈥?/p>  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Washington_DCDukeDog
<Content>Dirty rooms Our firm had a conference at this hotel so I didn't have a choice in the matter. The reviews describing this hotel as mediocre at best are on point. The rooms are old and quite dirty. There was a box of huggie wipes and a dead cockroach under my bed. Lovely. The bathroom was old, moldy and there was hair on the floor. I wouldn't walk barefoot in this place for any sum of money. Never again. Plus I will contact my firm corporate events planning group and suggest a new venue - preferably one not stuck in 1982.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	1	3	2	1	

<Author>BOBCORAL
<Content>What A Great Hotel Dallas Should Be Proud Stayed at AdamsMark Dallas and was so supprised that such a large hotel could give such great service . Was attending IHG conference and am some what familiar with Mr.Kummer from Clearwarer Beach,but what a experience for 3 days Keep up great work. As 5 star as your going to getBob JonesPS Mr.Kummer keep up great work  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Airport_Taxi_Hotel
<Content>Not thrilled This is truly a conference hotel that has seen better days. Not only was my room small, but there was a used Q-tip laying on the cushion of the arm chair. NASTY!!! Needless to say, I didn't bother to sit there. There are several different buildings. If you stay at the hotel, be sure to request the South tower. Fortunately, my room was in the South Tower, but other travelers in my group were in the North and Center Towers. Their rooms had not been refurbished yet and had a distinctly unpleasant, musty odor. After seeing the extreme differences, I advised my friend to relocate to the South Tower. Overall, the staff is nice and very accommodating. The cafe is average. The restaurant at the top of the bulding was DELICIOUS!!!!I wouldn't stay here if I had to pay for it with my own money.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	4	4	3	

<Author>nikki68
<Content>Mediocre at Best This hotel is not family friendly. The rooms are not very large. While on the trip I came down with a vile flu bug and could barely move. The overpriced room service bill for two glasses of milk for my 21 month old son was $11. The food we ordered was mediocre, and we had difficulty accessing the pool from the North tower, where we stayed.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>beth059
<Content>Great rooms but confusing layout I LOVED the rooms at this hotel. I had a suite and it was HUGE with its own living room and lovely bedroom. The fitness room was large and had plenty of machines. The hotel is set up strangely with three different elevator areas. To get from some floors to the restaurant or to the fitness center you have to literally go to the lobby and go up another set of elevators. Also, unless you valet park, its a LONG walk from the parking garage to the front desk. The restaurant was incredible though with 360 views of the city. They also had great food and great service.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	3	5	5	

<Author>RoseandRoy
<Content>Much better than expected After reading several bad old reviews, we were wildly surprised to find the Adams Mark a wonderful hotel. The lobby was beautiful, as were our rooms. Clearly remodeled recently, they were spacious, sumptuous as to bedding and clean too! We were there for a large conference and found the service to be excellent and the food served at the conference between sessions plentiful and delicious.The only down side that we saw was that the food in the buffet restaurant was a little pricey and lacked variety, though the quality was good. It didn't matter though, as the small restaurant at the other end of the hotel was a great place for a sandwich and soup, and there are several other restaurants within easy walking distance. There is also a train stop within a block that will take you to the area of town most populated with restaurants and shopping for about 2 bucks.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sroxc5
<Content>Fun weekend at the Adams Mark I don't know about others, but I would definitely stay here again. I went for a business conference and there were thousands of people from other business conferences including mine staying at the hotel. Everything was so lively and bustling and the building itself was right in the middle of downtown and it was tall, which was a breath of fresh air for me because I grew up in a big city. The sports bar was fun and the pool hall was full of people dancing. The restaurant was overcrowded and room service was great!I loved the walkways to the other buildings and the close vicinity to public transportation. Unfortunately, downtown Dallas is so large that it just looks empty so walking around there by myself on an extremely cold day felt dangerous, I wouldn't walk to far by myself, there are too many crazed homeless people because of the cold. The DART (kind of like a subway and trolley in one) was a very good way to get around the city and the buses were very punctual. There was a DART station right outside the hotel so that was convenient. The service was very good and the people were as helpful as they could be. I asked for a verbal tour so they had a lot of patience if you ask me. My room had a great view and a great bathtub. I would definitely recommend anybody who is willing to spend a few bucks to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>3weeks
<Content>Business Only Dump Stayed here four nights for a large work meeting. I read all the reviews before my arrival and most of what said was true.I would never stay at this hotel for anything other than business. Its a large hotel intended for conventions/meetings.The rooms are pretty much Holiday Inn style. One positive thing- I used the door tag they provide to order room service for breakfast. The first two days the food arrived on time and was very tasty  affordable. But then it turns negative-for some reason on the third morning our food never arrived. We discovered that the door tag was not picked up-even though we placed it outside well before the cut off time. Nothing else to say that is different from all the other posts.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>cajundego
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised After reading all the negative reviews, I approaced going to this hotel on business with caution. I was pleasantly surprised to find just the opposite. The room were oversized compared to other hotels. It was also clean. Belng there for four (4) days was not a hassle. All employees were friendly and helpful. The only problem we had were the elevators but we were a large group. I would not have a problem staying here again. My only disappointment was that any shopping was 7 miles away! :-(  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlayfulPlatypus
<Content>Put on your walking shoes and don't forget your flip flops for the bathroom This Adam's Mark is not up to the standard that other hotels are willing to be at. The conceriege gave us bad information on three different occasions. I booked a non-smoking room. That is what the sign on the door said it was. The blanket reeked of smoke. One of the bed springs was poking through so I put a pillow over it. Don't expect any HOT water after 9am until the next morning. You will not get any. It is almost like they turn off the water heaters during the day to save energy. The distance from our conference room to lunch was a solid 2 city blocks. The selection of lunch places is fantastic over at the Westin. Just be prepared to take the tram to the West End for a dinner or be willing to pay big bucks at the hotel. Where else do you pay $6.50 for an imported beer. We tried to go to the Charappel Steak House but you had to have reservations at least a day in advance. The distance from my hotel room to the conference location was one city block. They charge $10 a day additional for wireless. And, it does not have enough strength to stay online to complete business transactions. They have a business center at $5 for 15 minutes of computer time. No complimentary breakfast. Be prepared to walk the two blocks over to the nice mini-mall lunch area at the Westin. Don't forget that you have to pay $20 additional a day for the parking. Definitely, go to DART.org to look at the bus and train schedules to get to and from the airport. The SUPER SHUTTLE kept going round and round the airport finding more customers until the van was full. It took over 2 hours to get from the airport to the hotel. Coming back to the airport, we were packed like sardines in a can with a full van.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Royzee
<Content>Big Spaces, OK Location, Good Food Stayed here for 3 nights for a business conference.The conference rooms, exhibit halls and public spaces were very spacious. Decor was a little dated - but OK. Food at the business functions was much better than usual. Located near a mini-mall and about 8 blocks from West Dallas Restaurants. Walk, take the tram or a short taxi ride. About a 1/2 hour $40 taxi ride from the airport -no complimentary shuttle.Free wired internet. Coffee maker in room. Bed was OK- not as comfortable as the new Hilton or Sheraton beds, though. My room was small and crowded with furniture -but had a really nice, big flat screen TV. Other associates' rooms were larger. Bathrooms were quite tiny regardless of the room size. I didn't notice any particular dirt problems - everything seemed clean enough. Large indoor pool, hot tub, public saunas, outdoor pool. Workout area was strange- large area but a definite shortage of treadmills, bikes and steppers  what they had were old. No ellipticals, no real locker room or free weights. Some weight machines.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>NYAnn30
<Content>Not Impressed by Adams Mark The room was in poor condition. When someone in the room above mine showered, the water would drip through the ceiling into my bathroom. The water dripping was at a high enough volume to wake me up and flood part of the bathroom floor. My room had also not been cleaned very well. There was hair on the bathroom floor and dust covering the desk. My room was not cleaned until 4pm one of the days I stayed. I returned to my room at 4 to find the room service meal from breakfast stincking. I had to call down to the main desk to request my room be cleaned. There was not an iron or ironing board in the room either. I had to request them as well. Overall, a very poor experience with the room and servicing of it. The hotel employees however were very curtious and helpful and the food and live entertainment at the hotel was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>turkskel
<Content>Did you like the 80's decore? I stayed in the Adams Mark for a conference in mid February. I was in the centre tower, in an executive suite. My room was very spacious and pretty clean. The furniture and decore was very dated, very early 80s browns and the room was dark. The lighting could have been better. In a suite I was shocked to learn that there was no fridge. The bed was comfortable, and I did have a good sleep. It was nice being able to control the temperature in the room.I did not experience bad service, but feel that there must be more updated options available in Dallas.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lan151
<Content>So So in Dallas I was at the Adam's Mark Hotel for a conference in February. It was an OK hotel, but I thought that the service could have been a lot better. One night they didn't clean our room until 10pm!! We had some issues with the internet hookup in our room to our laptops, they did resolve them but the same problem happened twice. I probably would not stay there if I didn't have to again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>LizzieNC
<Content>Would stay there again My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early February. The rooms are very nice with a large flat screen tv. The beds, pillows and comforters were a dream. Everything was very clean and looked new. We had no problems with the wireless internet service. The hotel staff were very friendly and were always eager to answer any questions about the city or make recommendations about where to eat or how to get around. The hotel restaurant on the main level was only mediocre. The restaurant on the 38th floor called the Chaparral served one of the best meals I have ever had. I would recommend the Chef's special of the day or the filet mignon. The view of the city from the restaurant is spectacular. I would stay at this hotel and definitely recommend it to a friend.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RunnerWoman
<Content>Despite my worries, my stay was a good one I stayed here for a weekend conference. I read the reviews after I booked the room, and I was very worried. But unlike those of the recent reviewers, my stay was a pleasant one. My only complaint was the low water pressure in our toilet (we were on the 25th floor). A friend in one of the executive suites had very moldy shower curtains. The elevators are mentioned in a few reviews. I would say that they arrive faster than at most hotels. But the weird thump we heard in a couple of the elevators while passing between the 11th and 17th floors was somewhat alarming! I can't think of any other negatives. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and I could adjust the thermostat to my desired temperature. The majority of our meals were at the hotel, mostly by the catering staff and once in the buffet restaurant downstairs. All in all, the food was excellent for hotel fare. The hotel event caterer's beef filet and chocolate cheesecake were worth every bite! The staff members were friendly, from the waitstaff to the housekeepers to the front desk crew. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>arnaudfischer
<Content>Bad bad bad experience I had a pretty bad experience staying at the Adam鈥檚 Mark in Dallas last week, a really bad experience. I will avoid that place in the future. Their totally over hyped restaurant at the top was unsatisfying. The setting is nice, the service was fine, but the food was really expensive for what I was served. Don鈥檛 go there, even for the view, there are way better places. There was almost no service and it was bad when there was. There was no water pressure in the bathroom. My breakfast order came in wrong at 6:00am, bad way to start the day. My back still hurts from the really bad mattress. It was 60 degrees in the room at 5:00am because the staff turned the heating off I guess. My room was not done when I got back to the Adams鈥?Mark hotel at 6:30pm. And after providing the management team feedback using their Web site, they basically reimbursed one night and really did not care. I wonder how this place is still in business. These folks obviously don鈥檛 understand lifetime value. I stay in hotels in Dallas pretty frequently and I have about 50 years to live, not mentioning all the people I am going to mention it to. Adam鈥檚 marks, do the math, how much is that going to cost you versus just getting it right in the first place, or at least fixing it? I actually told them I was going to write about it and they did not care to fix it anymore.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>SarahUE
<Content>Just Okay.... This hotel did not meet my expectations. I travel a lot with my job, and for the price you pay here--you should get more. When I arrived, they told me that the room I had reserved was not going to be available. So--I was downgraded immediatly. Then, when I got into my room, I noticed just how basic the room was. Nothing special, and the bathroom was a little dirty. There was mold in the shower  I found hairs on the floor. The worst part was that a maid walked right into my room one morning (around 11) without knocking or anything. Just flung open the door  said I am sorry, we thought you checked out. Overall--not worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>e3av8r
<Content>Great...if you don't care about sleeping One of the worst hotel experiences I've had. Stayed over New Year and there were roving gangs on kids throughout the hotel. Starting about 2 AM someone pulled the fire alarm and it went off for the next 2 hours! We did the Bed and Breakfast deal on the room and were stuck in a room next to the elevators--sounded like we were standing next to a busy interstate all night long. The internet is free only if you browse through the tv--another $11 to plug in your laptop. I'm still not sure where the breakfast part factors in. We sat down and had breakfast the next morning only to find out that the buffet wasn't breakfast but brunch at about $20 each (not part of the room). Then found out that parking wasn't included on the Bed and Breakfast--another $15. On a good note, the manager knocked half off the room rate  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>hilighter
<Content>Unfair, discrimination This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed.Here is the situation in the conference meeting in this hotel:First on Friday, I reserved a non-smoking room and when I checked in around 10 pm and I was assigned to a SMOKING room. But the front desk refused to reassign me a non-smoking room after I requested TWICE right after I saw the room. The excuse they gave me was that all the rooms were over-booked and no availability. They did not check the computer nor ask my room number o double check my reservation. The funny thing is my friends who checked in about one hour later than I did were assigned to a smoking room, HOWEVER, they were switched to a non-smoking room (and upgraded to a suite) in one hour. Then, I talked to the front desk again the next day (Saturday) and talked to the reception first, he kept saying that it is the first-come 鈥揻irst-serve policy and stating all the room was booked at the time I checked in. But he could not explain why my friends could change the rooms after my requests. Then I talked to the manager. This is the worst manager I talked to. He talked like talking to no one and the words were in his mouth. I could not hear anything and I had to almost lean on the counter. He only said, the rooms were booked (at the same time, many guests were checking out, and it was Saturday) They did not even check the availability of a non-smoking room at all. THEN in Saturday night, one of my other friends told me she was switched to a non-smoking room after she complained she got a smoking room in the midnight (Friday).So the only answer for this is this hotel treated me unfairly and discriminatinglySecond, the room is dirty, bath tub is molded, the AC/heating is not working well. (The front desk did ask the housekeeping to spay but they did NOT show up.) Room service was slow, need to wait for at least 2 hours for a sandwich. I will never and never stay in this hotel and its chain hotels.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rs7921
<Content>not what expected Husband and others from his company attended the automation conference on 10-21 his company booked all the rooms here since the conference was held here (1) My husband still is on call and requires the internet to solve many problems they dont tell you in their description that the cost is $9.95 per day! Which he had to do also even to make a local phone call that is another .54 cents. Several wives also accompanied their husbands we arrived on Sat. planned to do shopping and got out for dinner Sun well they should also tell you things are closed on Sun was told it is because their in the bible belt. The restraunts in the hotel are average not 4 star we also wanted to go to the chappaerl restaurant on the 38th floor that they boost about well that is closed on Sunday and Monday! Drains in the bathtub go down very slowly, room size average 3 star size also we did get in the hot tub water was luke warm and the indoor pool cold. Since my husbands company paid the bill I cant really complain about that but would stay else where if I return to Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Notgoingback
<Content>An average hotel I stayed at the Adam's Mark for a conference. The hotel was very convenient because our conference workshops were on the 2nd floor. My opinion of the hotel goes south from there. You had to pay for using their internet service, using the computers, fax, copy machine, printers in the business center. I could not believe that a hotel that proclaims to be top notch would charge for such services, which are usually complimentary at even 3 star hotels. The rooms were spacious but the shower was terrible (at the breakfast meeting, I also found out I was not the only one that was having issues with the shower). The shower was very, very slow to drain and if you turned the handle too far to the left for hot water, the shower would make a loud vibrating noise. Evidently, I was not the only one having issues because I heard the same loud vibration from a room down the hall. The elevators were a rough ride and did not look well maintained to say the least but I was able to make it to my destination. The hotel staff and concierge were very, very friendly but I expect more than just a friendly staff at hotel that proclaims to be 4/5 stars. Also, there was not a refrigerator or microwave in the room. Unbelievable... My company happened to pay for the week that I stayed in the hotel but I also like to stay in nice places when I go different places and knowing what I know now, I would not spend MY money on this Adam's Mark or any other for that matter. I think you pay a lot of money for much of nothing.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>cercis
<Content>Great service! I was came to Dallas for a wedding Labor Day weekend. This was the cheapest hotel that had discount rates for my friends' wedding. I had read some bad reviews on Tripadvisor but decided to give it a try. Granted the rooms in the north tower where I stayed could use some updating but they were clean and fairly roomy. The south tower is supposedly renovated, but it was closed for carpet installation the weekend that I was there. I paid $90 something dollars a night for a king room as part of the 'wedding discount'. The most amazing part of my stay was the concierge staff. They were incredibly helpfull!! They gave me maps to everything I was trying to get to. One night when I went looking for a midnight snack (there are no late night vending machines unfortunately...) one very nice guy asked what I was hungary for. I said that I had a craving for chocolate chip cookies. He went in back and came out with a couple of fresh cookies - no charge. I also found the pool to be very well kept and clean.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Frequentbusiness
<Content>Not Luxury - Overpriced, lousy service, no extras The other reviewers are absolutely right. Even the ones who rate the hotel highly had complaints. This is Not a luxury hotel.First, the housekeeping is deplorable. I had to laugh at the other reviewer - they actually barged in on me also while I was in my underwear getting dressed (no knock). Also had to beg and plead for a mini-fridge. Shameful for a hotel that bills itself as luxury. No free internet, overcrowded fitness center, lousy restaurants, rude staff and no points to boot!You can do much better in Dallas!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>cessy31
<Content>Huge Room The room was huge oh my gosh, I guess I did not expect the room to be so big. They also had a pool  Hot-tub inside  outside. Which was very nice because it was so hot down here in Texas. The Maids gave excellt service so did all the other guest relations. However make sure you find out abou the parking it was kind of high $12 a night. Also if you have a baby watch out they will get you to rent a refrigerator it was $25.00 which I think is outrageous, because you can get one at other hotels for free.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Stay Wasn't very confident that my stay here would be good after reading some of the reviews. The entire complex has been renovated since the very negative reviews were written. I was in the Center Tower, 31st floor. The room was VERY large for a downtown hotel. It was the first downtown hotel i had seen with 2 queen beds instead of 2 double beds. The matresses were very comfortable. The bathroom was very large, and in the room there was a large vanity area. Not sure why someone would complain about the extra vanity, it was nice being able to make coffee in the room. The restaurants were only OK however. Bagels On Bryan was fine. Pearl Street Cafe' was ok, service was fair, and the food was your average crummy hotel food. Never did try Chapparal on the 38th floor, instead we went to Antare's restaurant on top of the Reunion tower (it revolves!). You can get to it by taking the DART train, very convienent, you can take it to the west end district full of restaurants (Cadillac Grill, Spaghetti Warehouse, Mortons Steakhouse, Hoffbrau Steaks, On the Border and more.) The fitness room was nice, plenty of stairmasters and LifeFitness Strength (Nautilus) machines. Completely shocked to see only THREE treadmills for an 1800 room hotel! The pools and spas were large for a downtown hotel. Be sure to use the skybridge to the Plaza of the Americas, full of restaurants with everything from mexican, american, coffee  cafe's and fast food. Overall I had superb stay and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jawdmb
<Content>Loved the Adam's Mark Dallas I just returned from Dallas and my stay at the Adam's Mark hotel. I am an event planner and held a small business meeting in the hotel. I was very pleased with the hotel and the service. This is a massively huge hotel that caters to meetings and conventions. The connected Convention Center is beautiful and state of the art. Check in was easy and smooth, I stayed in the North Tower in an executive suite which was huge! I had an excellent view of the city and the room was clean and tidy. The furnishings were in great shape and the bathroom was a good size. The Hotel was pretty quiet with very few people around. They have just opened a boutique hotel within the larger hotel. These rooms are in the South Tower and are very luxurious and top of the line with all the high class amenities you'd ever imagine. One of my attendees asked for an upgrade upon checking in and to his shock, it was granted! He raved about his room for days! I had room service my first night which was decently priced with quick service and ok food. The meeting rooms were well kept and the catering service was excellent! There is a very nice restaurant on the 38th floor of the hotel that boasts good food and views. Unfortunately the staff was rude and we opted to leave the Hotel for dinner, which you'll have a number of great choices nearby. (We tried a great steakhouse a few blocks away!) Overall I had a great experience at the Adam's Mark and was pleasently surprised with the service and surroundings! I would definitely have another meeting at this location.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bookcollector
<Content>Great stay! This was my third stay at the Dallas Adam's Mark. We were here for a competition with our daughter who was participating. We were late in arriving (after 10) and hungry. Ordered a few ala carte items from room service, asked for 3 set ups, and received plenty of fresh, hot, well-prepared, nicely presented food. Order arrived before the time estimate. Some of the best room service I've ever received and we have special dietary needs. They were able to accomodate us quite nicely.The hall to our room and the room must have been recently renovated. Both were very nice.The room was very large with 2 easy chairs and small table beside the window, a large desk and chair, and 2 queen beds. Very large, very clean bathroom. There WAS a large sink / vanity in the bedroom, but I see no problem with that. I would rather have my coffee maker there than beside the toilet as is the case in most hotels. AND when you travel with teenage girls - you appreciate the extra sink - makes getting ready much easier. I was able to use it to wash out some costume items while others were using the shower. I find it hard to imagine why people would GRIPE about an extra sink. It was really out of the way and unobtrusive, but very convenient to have.There was some kind of teen convention going on when we arrived, but our room was very quiet. We had to get up very early the following morning. We didn't hear anyone or anything after we shut the door and I am a light sleeper. Room was nice and dark after lights off. Wake up call came properly. Breakfast was delivered on time and hot and tasty. Plenty of food. All the staff we dealt with were friendly and eager to please. Didn't have time to use the pool this time, but the outdoor pool is lovely, especially at night. Self parking in their garage is easy, so we didn't use valet parking this time. If you want convenience and comfort in Dallas, Adam's Mark is great. It is however, a very large convention hotel. If you want your hotel to be a large contributor to the charm of you stay - I'd go somewhere other than Dallas.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience I stayed at the Adams Mark for a conference and it was one of my worst hotel experiences ever. The room was dirty (I found a Pepsi can under the bed) and very dusty. In additon, the hotel staff had a horrible attitude. I was organizing an event for my company, and the event coordinator at the hotel was constantly making mistakes with price quotes and many other things. We were forced to eat at the restaurant by the lobby three times because we were always in a rush to attend the next event. The wait staff were rude, forgot my coffee, and were VERY SLOW. It takes about 15 minutes before somebody even acknowledges you have sat down, and another 30-45 minutes to receive your food (and we just ordered salads and sandwiches). My advice would be to stay at the Westin next door.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jjjeh
<Content>A Very Nice Hotel I was recently in downtown Dallas for business for the first time. I elected to stay at this hotel for the location. I was concerned because of the many negative reviews. However I found the hotel very nice, room nice, good size and clean, nice views of downtown, staff very friendly and helpful, check in a breeze. I had no problems or issues at all. The location for downtown was great, good area to walk around, right next to The Plaza of the Americas with shops, close to the Arts District and West End for many restaurants, etc. I would definately stay there again or recommend it to someone.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adam misses the Mark by a long shot. Be warned! God, where to begin... My family was stuck in this luxury dump for five days for a conference. Never again. The suite we were given was spacious enough and had lots of opportunities for accomodations, but none were apparent. The ceiling in our living room still had tape and streamer remnants hanging from a previous tenant party. The floor was covered with confetti. It took 4 phone calls and three hours for housekeeping to come clean the room. There was no refrigerator in the room, in spite of the fact that it was an expensive suite and was advertised with a fridge. Again, took 2.5 hours for them to get a ragged little fridge to the room. Reason?; We just had 7000 children check out this afternoon and housekeeping was overwhelmed. Excuse me? You do run a conference hotel, right? Ever heard of anticipating needs? The bathroom faucet leaked, The furniture was scarce, worn, and in disrepair. The carpets were not clean and the beds were in need of new mattresses.Throughout the stay, housekeeping was inept and apparently untrained and unsupervised. They left behind dirty glasses and newspapers stacked on the floor by the door. After several complaints (and lame excuses from managers), the housekeeping supervisor started following-up to see if our room had been cleaned. The first day she came, I was sitting in the living room and heard a rap at the door, immediately after the rap, the supervisor attempted to open the door and barge in. It was locked with the swing lock, but I suggested to her that she might need to wait more than three seconds after the knock before she barged into rooms. She didn't come back. Food service was equally incompetent at the Adams Mark. My room service tray sat outside my room door for over 14 hours. I eventually called the manager and complained. It disappeared about 2 hours later. The first floor restaurant was unpredictable. One night, I had a good meal there with great service. The next night, the food was inedible, there was no service whatsoever. On the last night there, we were forced to eat there one last time. The drinks waiter asked if we wanted something to drink. We ordered wine and he mumbled that the waiter would have to take that order. (Why even ask?) It took 20 minutes to get bread to the table, even after I asked our waiter who, by the way, I never saw again. Eventually, the hostess came by and I complained to her. About five minutes later, she appeared with the bread. We ate the buffet (big mistake) and I had to chase down someone to clear dishes from the table. Not ONCE after taking my order did ANY wait-staff come to my table and ask if I needed anything else. After the meal, I waited 15 minutes at the table. Then I left and walked out without paying. Interestingly enough, no one paid any more attention to me leaving than they did when I was there. We eventually discovered that the hotel has NO Wireless access at all... anywhere. In addition, they charged $10 a day for a wired connection, which was located only in the bedroom. Given that my 3-year old was asleep by 7:30PM, this meant that working on the computer after his bedtime was impossible. Throughout this nightmare, management could only provide excuses. All of the excuses completely ignored the responsibility of hotel management to predict and respond to impending changes in tenancy. It's not hard for hotel staff to know that 7000 people are checking out on Tuesday and, THERFORE, we might need some additonal staff support. The Adams Mark is billed as a luxury hotel. It is not, except in the sense of the price range. I've stayed at economy hotels that provided better amenities and service. The structure itself has the capacity to be luxury, but the staff and management have no clue about what constitues class or luxury. Upon leaving, I informed the manager that I would never stay at another Adams Mark. I suggest you avoid the experience at all costs.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nikki
<Content>Be Afraid! Be Very Afraid!! This is a very pretty hotel. The room is pretty. The property is pretty. But it's all fluff and no substance.The general attitude of the staff here is uh-huh and Ah'll see wha' I can do. I'm terrible sorry maam. But no follow through!Our first issue was that we were expecting a package upon check in or at the very latest the next day. When we had no word of the package we called the desk...who redirected us to the loading dock...who told us they had hundreds of packages and ours just didn't arrive. Our assistant had the package traced and when we called down to the desk again with the name of the signer...the package miraculously appeared.This is advertised as a business oriented hotel and we are here on business. They charge nearly $10.00 per day for high speed internet...when we first connected our high-speed was the same speed as dial-up service. After an hour of being tossed from department to department, the IT manager finally fixed our problem. But not without a lot of yelling and screaming and threats.The next blow was the housekeeping staff. We had our computer running as we are professional photographers who upload images to a server on a daily basis. We left the room to get lunch and in that time the housekeeper came in, unplugged our computer (yes, you heard me right, she unplugged the computer) even though there was a plug available at the other side of the room, potentially damaging our computer but more importantly interupting an upload that put our work back 4 hours which in our buisiness is critical.When we tried to make a complaint again we got bounced around with lots of uh-huh service...nobody even cared! In addition to the computer she had knocked things over that had been stacked neatly, luckily nothing fragile. We finally did get some satisfaction from the Front Office Manager (again after an hour of trying to speak to someone who actually cared or had any authority to do anything) who took care of us quite nicely.Before my assistant had left for the day she had faxed over a document to us. She was given the fax number by the hotel. After 2 hours we called the desk to locate the fax and were asked (this is for real)which fax number...we have several faxes in the hotel. ??? After much confusion and lots of uh-huhs they put me through to the business office who swore up and down a fax had not come to us. We finally called for our friend the Front Office Manager (the operator was not familiar with her name, it took 10 minutes to track this woman down) and within 3 minutes the fax was in our hands.This Front Office Manager epitomized the meaning of service and quality in a hotel. She took care of us above and beyond what we expected right down to a nice gift with her business card enclosed delivered to our door.This morning we ordered room service, told them it was for two people. Our coffee came with one cup (we had another in the room that came with the coffee maker) and one place setting...no fork. This was amusing, we just figured everyone except the front office manager at the hotel was stupid until my husband bit into his raw potato. When we called down to Room Service we got the same uh-huh treatment and were told new potatoes and a fork would be delivered when they can. Unacceptable we say...his eggs were already getting cold. They refused to even try to rush these items up to us until I got on the phone and told them that if the items requested were not at our door in ten minutes I would be...and promised them that if I showed up it would not be pretty.The gist here is...one woman does not a hotel make. Kim Worth, I hope you can have the clout and wear-with-all to stick with this place and help get the staff trained so they are all as efficient as you are and can provide service to match the lovely decor of the place.In the meantime, if you are just looking to lay your head on a comfortable bed in a nice room this is your place. If you need anything from anyone that works here though...move on...I'm sure you can find somewhere else to stay that might not be as swanky but will provide you with the service you deserve and are paying for.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aerofl
<Content>In need of a makeover! Stayed with my husband and son for two nights for a large convention in early March. We had stayed at this hotel four years ago and swore we would never return, but as we were hosting seven company employees and they were staying here, we thought it appropriate that we stay as well. Not a good choice.I have to say that check in was very efficient given that there were hundreds of other guests trying to check in for an early afternoon meeting in the adjacent convention facilities. Just by the front desk was a display of what seemed to be newly renovated room decor - minature bed with pillows and drawings of new decor. Much to our disappointment, upon reaching our room, these renovations must be happening sometime in the future. Our room was, as my son commented, not much better than an old Holiday Inn off the interstate. Tired room decor, tired bathroom and, hard to believe, a sink in the bedroom! Haven't seen that in ages. There were the usual hotel amenities and the room was rather large by city hotel standards. We had a lovely view of the nearby freeways and office buildings, though to be fair, that seems to be the case for most city hotels. The hotel is huge - I think over 1800 rooms - and housekeeping seems to struggle with the large number of checkouts and checkins each day. After having been out all day (8:00 am to 4:00pm), we returned to find our room had not been refreshed. I don't need my sheets changed daily (here they will change them every three days unless you specify otherwise), but damp towels are a little much for me. We found a housekeeper down the hall and gathered our wet towels and exchanged them for fresh ones. We really didn't need much more, but it was still disappointing to have to do even that.I will say that the valet employees were right on the mark. Our group of ten needed two van taxis to go to dinner one night, and for about the same price, the valet had a limo pull up and take us to dinner. Very nice and a special treat for the employees visiting Dallas for the first time. As our parent company needs large convention style hotels for meetings and convention each year, we seem to be resigned to cities that can accomodate our large numbers - San Diego, Dallas, Orlando, Atlanta, etc. - but we've taken to booking our accomodations separately based on, among other things, TripAdvisor reviews. On our last two visits to Dallas we stayed at the Hilton Anatole (company choice) and Hotel Za Za (reommendation from a relative - loved it!). When we visit Dallas again, and we will for business, I wouldn't stay at the Adams Mark unless the most recent recommendations from other travelers indicate major changes.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing... I visited Dallas for a 3-day business conference in late January. The hotel was adequate, but not what I would have expected from a 4-star rated hotel. In brief, my 6:00am wakeup call came at 4:10am, that water tasted like dirt, and I was charged $15 for breakfast AFTER I checked out of the hotel. I finally got this resolved, but had a very difficult time receiving a return phone call with a response to this charge. I would not recommend staying at this hotel and have let my company know that they should look elsewhere when booking as well.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient Spent 4 nights in the North Tower, 10th floor. This hotel has 1800+ rooms. Despite that fact, it succeeds pretty well at creating a personable atmosphere. Staff were always very courteous and responded promptly to requests.Our room was spacious, clean, and comfortable, with nice amenities (coffee maker, hair dryer, iron, large TV, etc.). Room was quiet, and climate control worked well. Bathroom was large for a hotel bathroom, with up to date fixtures. High speed internet access was available for a daily fee, but phone connection worked fine and was completely free.Breakfast buffet on first floor cost $12.95 and included food that tasted better than the usual hotel buffet offerings. The 38th floor lounge has an excellent jazz band on Friday and Saturday evenings; service there was friendly and prompt; and the beverage menu includes an assortment of standard and unique drinks. Strangely, as fun as it was, the 38th floor lounge had fewer customers than we would have expected on a weekend, and it closes at 11:00 p.m., which suprised many of the patrons who had come up at 10:30 from other social events.The hotel is located right next to the DART station, which makes it easy to get over to the Sixth Floor (Texas Book Depository) Museum and some restaurants. It's just a five minute walk from Nieman Marcus, although an unusual number of vacant buildings detract from the appearance of downtown.Hotel has indoor and outdoor pools and hot tubs. These were fun to use. Fitness center is large, but not large enough for a hotel of this size. At 5:45 in the morning, there was already a line waiting to get on the treadmills. (Hotel has 4 treadmills; one was broken, and one did not work too well.)All in all, this is an excellent choice for a traveler who wants a full-service, comfortable hotel - especially if rooms are available for under $150.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CentralCoast0422
<Content>Pleased with the Adams Mark I read the reviews and was guarded about staying at this Adams Mark property. Due to limited hotel availability and a special pricing from Expedia I elected to stay there. I was pleasantly surprised, location was convenient, check-in prompt, and service friendly. My room was aged, but clean and adequate. It appears that there are putting forth effort to upgrade one of the towers, which they had on display in the lobby - very nice. Yes, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LXG03
<Content>Big hotel small on service For such a large hotel in one very busy city this hotel has obviously become to big to provide decent service. Crammed with convention goers the staff obviously could not keep up with the demands of the customers, Restaurant staff were at best helpful but mostly surly and prone to dish out bills unsolicited or incorrect bills.Room facilities were good except no room safes, hotel staff advising me not to keep laptop in the room as 鈥測ou just can鈥檛 trust our housekeeping staff 鈥?as the basis of their advice.The hotel refused to mail my postcards advising me to head to a post office which was actually closed for the weekendAll in all a very disappointing stay at what was expected to be a top class stay.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will not stay there again The room in the North Tower was large but on both of the beds there were dirty mattress covers. When I reported this, nothing was done, fortunately as it was only me, I placed extra sheets under me. I had to take a cold shower if I showered after 7AM. I would work out in the afternoon and never got a warm shower in the 4 days I was there. For $115.00 per night, I could at least get a warm shower when I wanted. The exercise equipment, well that is a joke. 3 of the 5 treadmills are ancient. 1 did not work. The exercise bikes did not always work. Pay 10 bucks and walk a block to 24 hour Fitness and get a great workout in the amount of time you wait for a working machine to free up, especially at 6AM and at 5 PM. Food was OK but over priced. I only stayed there because that is where the convention was being held and I did not want to rent a car. I will not do that again. I do not recommend this hotel when the Westin is connected by a crosswalk and has room for the same prices.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grohe
<Content>Rooms older, service good We stayed here for a conference. While the staff was so helpful and curteous, the rooms really were not up to par. Old and seemed just dirty. The blankets were pretty old and the sheets were somewhat ripped. I called to get a new blanket and they very quickly replied. They are doing updated to the rooms so I would go back once it is updated because the service and everyone who worked there was very nice and helpful  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Visit, Courteous Staff We just got back from a weekend stay at the Adam's Mark in Dallas. We were there for an Irish Dance Competition at the Convention Center which is connected to the hotel. We had almost 1000 competitors and their families and most stayed at the hotel. There were conferences, Christmas parties and some sort of comic book convention going on at the same time. We arrived around 4:30 on Friday afternoon and were checked in and in the room including our baggage within 15 minutes. We stayed in the North Tower on the 27th floor and even with all of the activities going on in the hotel and dancers constantly going up and down the elevators to change or rest, we had no problem at all using the elevators. We might have had to wait 30 seconds for an elevator at best. The staff was extremely courteous and professional. The room hallways were quiet in the evenings and the rooms were made up quickly in the mornings. We stayed in a Deluxe (standard) room with 2 queen beds. The room was very nice but not extremely large, about the same size as a standard Hampton room. Even though the beds were listed as queen size, I think they were just a little bit bigger than a double bed so just plan accordingly. I had read so much about how horrible the South Tower was that I was terrified that I would end up there but when we checked in, we were advised that the South Tower has now been closed for renovation. They did have a display of the future furnishings for the South Tower and they are really pretty and subtle.The hotel is connected to the Plaza of the Americas via a walkway over the street and the DART is right outside the hotel. Currently, I believe, the rate for the DART is $2.25 for a day pass and $1.25 for a single ride or you can get a reduced rate in the evening for 50 cents one way. The West End is 3 stops from the Pearl stop so you can get to some great eats and entertainment in about 10 minutes including the wait. I have stayed in some of the finest hotels in the world and am used to nice things so I do know the difference between good and bad. Of course the hotel is not the Adolphus (which I love) but the Adam's Mark is a great hotel for groups and for anyone wanting to stay in downtown Dallas in the thick of things. The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. There is a direct line from DFW on the DART to the Downtown Dallas stop on the 202 bus that is directly beside the Adam's Mark. It takes a total of 1 hour and 7 minutes and costs $2.25. You can't beat that if you just have a piece of carry on luggage. All in all, I would say that the Adam's Mark is worth the money for a fun getaway in Dallas.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cseanmc
<Content>Not Great Stayed here for $99. Room was on the 10th floor in the south tower. This room needed serious updating. Carpet was very cheap. Both the room and the bathroom were very small. The shower in the room next door made terrible noise when it was in use. There was only a thin curtain over the windows. Room faced east so sun was shining brightly in the morning making it difficult to sleep in that morning. Only stayed here b/c we were at a formal event at hotel. Otherwise I would say use your $99 to stay somewhere else. We were not impressed with this hotel at all.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AZTrainer
<Content>OK...but not great I stayed there for a convention. The room was OK but nothing special. I thought it was expensive for the type of room. I stayed in the South tower. It will be a better hotel after renovations are completed next Spring.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>parkerdog
<Content>good hotel Typical city hotel. Clean rooms. good service. I called down for extra pillows and they sent up 6. Room service food was good, but the resturant on the top floor was not good at all. However do go up for the view, have a drink and leave.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value if you get a deal, but nothing special I've stayed at the Adams Mark on three separate occasions during the past month. The first time, after I booked a non-smoking room, I found myself in a smoking room. I called the front desk and they found me a different room on a different floor. The second time I was given a room right next to the elevatar shaft and noticed a high pitched squeek every time the elavator moved up and down. Again, I was provided a different room. The last visit, due to a late arriving flight, I checked in at 1:00 a.m. and had to wait in line for 20 minutes at the front desk to get my room card. There was only one person on duty at the front desk and she stood there and chatted away with a couple of guests who wanted to buy a pack of cigarrettes and flirt with her while the rest of us waited. I will not return to this hotel particularly with so many other hotels in the vicinity.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cyberdaddy
<Content>Nothing like home       Another angle on the spots. Filthy windows.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TravelBuff
<Content>Decent hotel rated by a frequent visitor I frequently stay at the Adam's Mark Hotel in downtown Dallas on business trips, since it is located adjacent to my company's office building. I have witnessed it at full capacity with thousands of Gideons and Mary Kay salespeople vying for space and most colorful clothing awards, and at times when there are but a few business people in town. I've stayed in the North, South, and Central towers; in business suites and regular rooms; used their fitness and pool facilities; and eaten at all three in-house restaurants.Overall, the Adam's Mark is an average hotel with decent service. If you are looking for a place with charm and elegance, quit reading this and go search elsewhere. If you are looking for a functional hotel located downtown and don't care if it has any character, then this hotel will suit your needs.Do not stay in the South tower. It -----. The rooms are very small, the bathrooms smaller, and the elevators are constantly broken. I searched eight floors to find a working soda machine and wound up paying $4 for a Coke from room service because I got sick of walking up and down stairs. I believe the South tower is already under renovation and so may improve in the future, but for 2005 at least you should ask for a room in the North or Central towers. Both North and Central are fine, with large rooms, nice baths, and functioning elevators. Soda and ice machines are located on every floor and I haven't seen any that are down.The rooms are average. The beds are moderately comfortable with average sheets and average pillows. The coffee maker is your typical 4-cup variety. Just what you'd expect from any large hotel chain. High speed internet is available for like $10 per day and consistently provides a decent connection.The service is above average. I have found individuals who didn't exceed expectations, but they are more rare than those who are willing to go the extra mile to make your stay pleasant. Their corporate accounts manager always takes very good care of our business travelers.The restaurants are decent, but there are better within a short drive (ask the concierge). The Chapparal on the 38th floor is nice, but overpriced for the quality of food. The view is worth a trip though, so go knowing that you're paying for the scenery as much as your plate (although you can visit the 38th floor just to look without going to the restaurant). The sports bar and restaurant on the first floor are a lot cheaper and offer good, standard American fare. Nothing exciting, but it's good food and not overpriced. Room service comes from these restaurants and is very good for dining in your room; prices range from $5-$30 depending on what you get and there's a pretty good variety. J. Pepe's is a good Mexican restaurant located in the Plaza of the Americas, a short five minute walk from the restaurant via the covered skywalk. The Plaza also has a Corner Bakery offering great pastries, sandwiches, and coffees; as well as several chain restaurants like Taco Bell and McDonald's. If you include these restaurants in your Adam's Mark realm, then there really are quite a few good selections, especially for people trying to feed children on a budget.The hotel is very easy to get to from both Dallas airports (~30-45 minutes). Parking is available for about $12 per day and I've never had a problem with dropping off or picking up my car. Local transportation is easily obtained by taxi or by using the DART rail that stops directly in front of the Adam's Mark.Overall, the Adam's Mark is a large chain hotel offering just what you'd expect. If you're into eclectic local charm and want your lodging experience to be part of your memories, then find someplace else to stay. If you're looking for a decent value at a convenient location with everything you need for your stay within an easy reach, then stay in the North or Central towers of the Adam's Mark.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mauieric
<Content>Cream of the crop   showReview(3481798, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris1005
<Content>Not ready for all the people   showReview(3395318, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Best Western On Sterroids   showReview(3257652, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mamababoo
<Content>Clean, Nice, and Located Close to Convention Center   showReview(3207234, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Cotton Bowl weekend - highly recommend!!!   showReview(2970335, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlpuett
<Content>Four Days of Inconvenience   showReview(2362000, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JMitchell23
<Content>Alright property   showReview(2299113, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alright Property   showReview(2131214, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place   showReview(1783108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful service    showReview(1762907, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

