<Author>butterflylurve
<Content>Splendid stay.... u should experience the same! My hubby and I went for a honeymoon getaway..Was a superb stay.. Hotel is clean, staff was very helpful and well trained.. but for muslim guest, make sure u pay extra attention on the breakfast buffet as they prepared the ommelette on the same pan using pork.. so pls be extra careful ya.. Though this would be great idea if management considered on preparing them separately..Overall, my stay in nusa dua was something that i'll cherish forever.. thanks for making my honeymoon a memorable one!Congrats staff and management!malaysia  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>denise_carlyle2
<Content>Fab Resort ! We stayed at the Melia Benoa in June 2008 for 5 nights. Having been to Bangkok and Hong Kong this was supposed to be a relaxing break!! Reception was efficient and the rooms are really spacious, overlooking the well kept gardens. The laundry service was cheap and fast, everything came back well pressed and smelling lovely! Food was excellent and the fruit sculptures were amazing!! We used our Thomas Cook travel rep 'Putu' for all trips and he was excellent. We visited temples,compounds, paddy fields, shops and the Elephant Safari which is a must!! We only managed one day on the beach!! The little shops just outside the hotel have some lovely carvings (could have brought back more) and it really pays to barter. Fantastic place, wish we had more time to explore more of the island, The only down side of Bali is the time it takes to get through immigration and the porters. Beware when you come through they grab your bags and take you direct to money exchange. We were flustered and got charged 拢12.00 for two suitcases!!!!!!!! as did many others. The porters were nowhere to be seen when we were going home!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tanja81
<Content>Super Honeymoon in a great hotel       Swimmingpool  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MonkeyHoliday
<Content>Melia Benow, will definitely come back My husband and I stayed at Melia Benoa for 12 nights in September/October. The staff were really welcoming upon arrival, greeting us with a refreshing drink.The room was spacious, spotless and had a nice balcony. We booked a sea view room but didn't get one as the majority of the rooms are inward facing over the gardens which are fantastic so we didn't mind too much.The staff are fantastic and always happy to see you and take the time to learn your names. The evening entertainment was good, a live band most nights and balinese dancing 3 times a week when the evening meal was at the beach restaurant and was usually a bbq of some sort.The hotel were great at organising a taxi that would stay with you for the day and take you where ever you wanted to go around the island. We also did a reef island tour which took in 3 different neighbouring islands, included lunch and stopped of to snorkel twice. The snorkelling is fantastic, and the crew were very helpful and made the day extremely enjoyable.Back to the hotel, there is a lovely bar with waiter service and they remember your drink order. The pool bar is good and is a good excuse to get out of the sun, unless you're in the swim up part.The beach is ok. When we were there the tide was out for most of the day so we couldn't swim. We sometimes struggled to get a sun bed as the usual reserving them with a towel or book goes on even out here.Definitely recommend staying here and as people that like to try new places, this is one place that we will come back to.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sreynolds
<Content>Melia Benoa-Fantasic My wife and i stayed at the Melia Benoa for the final part of our Honeymoon. When we arrived we were greeted by the staff with neck flowers and drinks. We had previously emailed the hotel asking for a possible upgrade as we were on honeymoon. We never heard anything back from them but as we checked in the staff congratulated us and presented us with a gift and upgraded us to the Gold Package which included an upgrade to the executive suite. The staff were extremely polite,courteous and friendly no matter what time of day or night and they really couldnt do enough for us. The food in any of the 3 seperate restauraunts was outstanding with theme nights on the beach front every other night. As this is an all inclusive resort there is no need to worry about anything but if you wish to spend some money on small gifts there are a selection of small shops located within the Hotel Complex. Entertainment is provided throughout the day and a caberet show happens twice a week, there is also a house band that will walk around in the evening asking for your requests which they will then sing for you. The beach is not from the set of a Bounty Advert but it is still a beach!! One tip would be to get to the sunloungers on the beach early (when you go down for breakfast) because they most saught after loungers go very quickly. Overall this was a perfect place to finish off what was allready a perfect honeymoon for us. Would i recommend it Yes  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Latvian31
<Content>A good Hotel, far away from the best beaches       The swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>enjoylifewhileyoucan
<Content>great hotel, needed a carribean beach though my husband and i visited here after 4 wonderful days in singapore. it was to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary. and we was more than looked after, we d upgraded to a gold room, well worth it. you could have anything on offer really, although the promise of reserved sunbeds we never pursued, i think that is an impossibility ! free mini-bar, stocked daily, and with chocolate . spacious room overlooking koi ponds, with it's own visiting family of water monitor lizards, which went fishing most afternoons ! there were geckos about, and bats, and little frogs.my husband had the free massages that went with the room, but was surprised by the ladies carrying out the massages, let's say they were older and wiser than the young ladies advertising the treatments ! i said it served him right !roads very dangerous, motorbikes everywhere. they seem to carry anything and everyone on the back of them !hotel security good on entering the hotel and on several roads around bali.we met a few australians, that were celebrating their wedding day the same night as we were 25 years married, they said the aussies stayed away since the bombings. there were a few english there, but we were mainly surrounded by germans, so that's all we need to say about the sunbeds !taxi's cheap. money conversion very complicated.10 postcards and stamps for england came to 170,000 rupiahs. anyway we were millionaires for a week or so.we only visited the bird park and reptile park next door to it. that was worth it though. you get many photo opportunities, if you like to hold parrots, cockatiels,iguanas,water monitor lizards, etc. there'sa large komodo dragon there as well, not for holding though !amarta fine dining restaurant was brilliant, and the buffet breakfast and lunch restaurant buffet were average.staff very friendly.this hotel is quite a long way from most of the attractions, please note.we managed to go to the bali hyatt for a tennis tournament while we was there.cheaper than wimbledon ! and no rain.we went on the virgin cruise to lembongan island, along with many people getting seasick, we personally thought it a waste of time, we went there, thinking we may get some snorkelling in,but no.water rough and murky, and too many watersports.yes, the only complaint with the melia benoa is that the beach is for sunlounging only really in our opinion. it's okay if you like jet ski's and banana boat rides, when the tide goes out, it goes out a long way, and the only seal;ife you see is there in the little pools, starfish, brittlenose starfish, sea urchins, fish are few and far between.we wanted snorkelling, which doesn't exist here. melia benoa gave us a wonderful time, my husband actually read a book, but it needs to be picked up and put on a carribbean beach for us.also, the flight back, changed planes at singapore, hoped to do some shopping, but the terminals are a long distance apart, and not a lot of time.also, a quick tip, on entering bali, you need u.s. dollars, and on departure you have to pay again in rupiahs. the unofficial porters will grab your luggage off the carousel so quickly, they will want tipping, so be wary, on arrival.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nickyt13
<Content>The staff make this hotel truly awesome! We decided to visit the wonderful island of Bali for our Honeymoon in October and after scouring the internet for the best all inclusive resorts there chose to stay at the Melia Benoa hotel.The staff at the hotel were simply superb; Mendrin, Pardi and Augustini were the highlights providing service with a smile 24/7! Great location for the hotel - right on the beach front, with superb facilities including a never crowded pool complete with a pool bar and a choice of 3 fully functional restaurants.Well worth the option to upgrade to the Gold package All Inclusive option getting the full array of a La Carte menu options, imported spirits, late check out and free laundry service!Also had a good tour of the island with Wayan - recommended although don't forget to take extra cash to buy souvenirs and to get into the tourist attractions!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>anguilla
<Content>A Very good hotel       swimming pool  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	2	4	3	

<Author>Mattysax
<Content>Nusa Dua Bali FANTASTIC!!! We stayed here for 10 days and have to say what a fantastic hotel. We arrived after a very long flight of 16 hours not really knowing what day of the week it was and from the start found evryone to be so friendly.We came here for our honeymoon which a lot of couples also had done in the hotel which was really nice, we upgraded to GOLD and have to say for the extra money its well worth it, upraged to massive room, access to mini bar, room service, massage, laundry you name it we got it!! reccomend the private romantic meal on the beach, we had lobster and ate in the restaurant most evenings, and lunched up by the shops, just meant we avided the buffet which was still very nice but with all inclusives you eat so quickly. The hotel entertainment come round in the evening singing songs on request they are quality!! hotel calefornia was excellent along with loads more ( human dukeboxes )The hotel is clean and the staff can do no more to help you, we had a private tour around the island and it was amazing, if you visit the art galleries guarantee you will come back with some! we took 4 back. The pool is great but is shaded around the edge so sunbathing is done on the beach which is lovely, only negative is there is a lot of watersports going on so not much opportunity to do snorkling or swimming in the sea unless in the roped off area.All in all what a fantastic place and great island the people are frindley and small tips go a long way as they earn pennies a month.Hope this helps, we will def be returning to the island  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RedbournNidge
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL We have just got back from a 14 night stay at the Melia Benoa, cant fault the hotel at all, after a long flight we checked in and were given a voucher for a free jet lag massage, what a nice touch, all the staff are so sincere, lovely people, special mention to Oka the waiter. Had an upgrade to an exceutive suite, everywhere is so clean and the gardens are first class. the beach is a 20second walk away with lots of room between the sunbeds unlike other hotels in nasu dua they look so inpersonal and with lots of beach hawkwers, the Melia beach only has one called Jimmy, who is totally reliable and trustworthy he exchanges money at good rates, along with selling watches with a gaurantee bought one my self ,so if it does break i will have to go back there next year , of which we will. We also hired the sevices of Hardi an Engish speaking tour guide to show us around he knows all the places to off the tourist track so you see the real Bali can really recomend him Thanks Hardi. cant wait for next year for my return visit.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>ExeTraveller
<Content>Excellent stay at Melia Benoa We have just returned from the Melia Benoa and had a great time. The staff were excellent and very friendly and extremely polite. If you wanted anything, you just had to ask. The hotel is located just outside the North Gate of Nusa Dua and has a free shuttle bus (every hour during the day) to the Bali Collection, a group of shops, restaurants and supermarket about 5 minutes away. The pool was lovely with a swim up bar and the grounds in the centre of the hotel had ponds with fish and fountains which was very picturesque. Our room (8159) on the first floor overlooked the gardens and was quite spacious with a small balcony. The rooms were clean, air conditioned and the hotel supplied 2 bottles of water in the room each day. The food was good. Plenty of choice for breakfast (fruit, toast, croissants, juice, freshly cooked ommelettes etc) and there was buffet lunch each day (but you could also choose from the a-la-carte menu when you wanted). There were buffets for eventing meals several times a week with a free cultural show (Barong dance, Balinese dancers etc), but you can order off the menu at any time for dinner as well. There is a 'posher' Italian restaurant restaurant too. The only problem with this one is that if you are on all inclusive blue, some of the choices were not available (without paying extra)! So plenty of choice on the food front! There is a pleasant bar near reception and you can have cocktails and most drinks that you want. The wine is basically Aussie red, white or rose from a box - so not the best place for wine buffs!  You can get on to the internet (to email etc) and you get 15 minutes free if you are an all-inclusive blue customer. After that it cost about 拢1.50 for 15 minutes on other occasions.  We had a massage at the hotel spa (prices can be bargained down from the advertised rates) which was very pleasant.There are plenty of sun beds by the pool and on the beach.   When the tide is in, the beach and sea looks lovely, but it's not quite so picturesque when it goes out. However, the sea is pretty safe for swimming and there are jetskis, wind surf boards etc to use. Next door to the hotel is a little market selling sarongs, T-shirts etcA taxi from the hotel to Kuta costs about $11(about 拢6). If you go outside and get a Blue taxi these are metered and it will cost you about 50,000 IRP (just over 拢4). There are millions of Taxis!We had a lovely stay at the Melia Benoa and would recommend it. All inclusive was a good choice here as there are not many places to eat right near the hotel (it's quite a quiet area). Also, I think that children may not find there is enough to do here. It's more geared to couples looking for a quiet break.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ibroxbilly
<Content>great time just back from our 2nd 2 week stay at this hotel. we got married here in 2006 and had great time and we couldnt wait to go back again. the staff who are a real credit to the hotel all remembered us which was nice. the only downside was into the 2nd week i was getting a bit sick of the food,but there was always something i could take. i would also like to recommend wyan(dogs bollocks bali tours) for a trip round the island. he took my wife, daughter and i out for a day trip to volcano,spice gardens,temples, monkey forest and lots more for 拢35 well worth it!! we found it more personal through him instead of an organised tour. he will take you wherever you want to go and we had a good laugh with him.(he can be found at the jetskies hut on the beach) all in we had a great holiday and will be back again  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TomJay_8
<Content>Fab Time       Pool area  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lardyipswich
<Content>Fantastic Holiday       Great day white water rafting  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fitnessfanatic
<Content>Fantastic Holiday There were 17 people here for a wedding. The hotel was great, no complaints at all. We had a wonderful wedding day, the way they decorate the garden area is wonderful, very romantic, everything went well. The staff are all so friendly, they will do anything to help you. It is wise to book a taxi to take you out for the day to visit wherever you want to go, they are very cheap, they will stay with you all day. Don't book the tour operators trips, there is no need. There is a free shuttle bus every hour to The Bali Collection, a shopping mall and restaurant area, they bring you back as well. Also at noon every day there is a free shuttle bus to Kuta, this then will bring you back at around 6.45pm. make sure you barter for everything, only pay at least half of what they ask you for, 50000 rupeas is an excellent price to pay for most things, this is about 拢3.00, but of course offer less. We enjoyed the italian Restaurant, this was A La Carte, also the Patio is a buffet or ask for the menu for A La Carte. The restaurant at the poolside is very nice at lunchtimes. It was a great holiday, all went well.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winter
<Content>Great Intimate Hotel Experience! This was our first experience in Indonesia and I am glad to say it met our expectations. The Melia Benoa is a relatively small hotel amongst many in the Nusa Dua area in Bali. Having stayed in Melia hotels before in Cuba we knew what to expect. We stayed as Gold Band guests, which we felt gave us all the needs to meet our expectations. Laundry each day, free internet, drinks of any kind, reserved sun loungers, ability to eat in the a la carte restaurant daily, free room service and meals and free mini bar in our rooms. The hotel is one of the older ones in Nasu Dua, however the maintenance levels are good and our rooms were well maintained and very spacious. The lobby area has a colonial feel about it with a bar that is the focal point in the evenings. We found the staff to be most courteous in all areas: lobby bar, a la carte restaurant, outdour restaurant, main buffet restaurant, pool bar, water sports office, room cleaners and reception area staff.The grounds of the hotel are impeccable, beautiful gardens, a very clean pool, and pool area and beach. The staff were excellent remembering our names throughout our holiday which gave it a very personal touch. The only time we put our hand in our pocket was to tip the staff when we felt was right. I asked for brown HP sauce it was there the next day, lamb chops with mint sauce in the a la carte restaurant, it was there. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Bali it has a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere. Amongst the guests were a mix of Germans, Belgiums, Dutch, French, Polish, Russians and of course British, although there did at times seem to be many Russians! Most guests were friendly and courteous which was helped by the friendly attitude of the staff at the hotel.If you are venturing out of the hotel, I would not suggest hiring a car, driving in Bali is a nightmare with motorcycles dodging around all over the place and with very little road sense. We experienced the trip to the vulcano, zoo, monkey park, elephant safari and many other places. We were able to do this by hiring a vehicle and driver/ guide for 拢30 a day it was great and if you stay at the Melia Benoa I would recommend you contact Wayan Wena - [-] or mobile [-] he speaks good english and understands our sense of humour. You can find him down on the beach near the watersports office, just ask for him. Just tell him you don't want to visit too many temples.We had a most memorable stay in Bali at the Melia Benoa and would thoroughly recommend it. We will be returning there maybe for three weeks next time! John and Sheila, Swindon. England  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>muchtravelledKent
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Had a fantastic 15 night stay here. Hotel was lovely, beautiful grounds and pool, lovely beach area. Rooms were very spacious and cleaned daily. The food was excellent, especially breakfast. We were all inclusive and had plenty to eat and drink. The staff are a credit to the hotel, polite, friendly and can't do enough for you. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a relaxing holiday. The hotel is in easy reach of Kuta and taxis are cheap from outside the hotel. Meet up with Wayan on the beach and he will arrange to take you anywhere you want for a very reasonable price.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mads8
<Content>home sweet home We stayed at this hotel for the third time, and we love it!! No as other reviews have stated its not the conrad or one of the other big fancy hotels, but to us as a family of 5 we always feel as though we are going home. The staff are excellent especially the entertainment guys and gals, we have a four year old and they kept her entertained the whole time, which gives us a holiday too! There is not a great deal to do but that depends what you want from a holiday for us it is to relax and feel safe with the children, which in this day and age is not always possible.The food does get repetative, but we go on the gold package which gives you some veriety, there are also lots of other places to go out and eat, can highly recommend bumbu bali which is just up the road and they will send a car for you, also jimbarin beach, which is expensive but to sit on the beach and watch the sun set is worth every penny.The rooms are a little tired, but are comfortable spacious and clean.In summary this hotel it not large and bustling but it is calm and clean and safe and we always feel calm and peacful when we are there.We have already booked for next year and can not wait!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunnyalan
<Content>Got married there Got married in the hotel grounds. Staff are so helpful and friendly, they truly done everything they could for us. The wedding planner Linda was great and we couldn't have hoped for our day to have went any better. On the day my wife didn't go near the area while it was all being set up so she got a real surprise when she came down, it was decorated beautifully. The hotel itself was what we expected, a very traditional Balinese style. I wouldn't say it was modern and must admit that they could definetly do with upgrading some parts including the common area toilets. However, the grounds are beautiful and very very well kept and the rooms are very big. It's worth upgrading to a suite with good views and 2 bathrooms. The Balinese people are lovely and so friendly. Although the hotel is all inclusive, we also ate in restaurants outside as it's not expensive and the Bali Collection has lovely restaurants and good shops. The food in the hotel was very good and we never got bored as they changed the buffet theme often and also the a la carte menu was very good. We had no complaints and had a fantastic time in Bali.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>totallytravelled
<Content>Mixed feelings Returned just over a week ago from our 12 night stay here. We arrived after spending 4 luxurious nights at the Mandarin Oriental in Kuala Lumpur ! Reception and check-in were very prompt and soon had us up to our room. We were on the top floor with a partial view of the sea and of the pool although it was a little restricted due to lots of foliage but not a problem - it was still lovely. We had decided two weeks before departure to upgrade to Gold all-inclusive and were SO glad that we did. Not sure that we totally had our value for money as we thought that it was quite an expensive upgrade but wouldn't have wanted to be here without it. The room was enormous with a large bathroom and another separate toilet / washbasin (not really needed). I know that we were spoiled by our previous 4 nights but this room was rather shabby-chic but without the chic ! It was clean, however, although the bathroom was extremely tired and quite unwelcoming. We dropped our bags and went down to the pool and beach for a look around. The beach was only OK - not brilliant. The tide was out and it certainly wasn't looking at its best. We picked out what we thought might be a nice place to sit and went for a chat with the pool man who told us that he would make sure that we had 2 loungers reserved for the duration of our stay. This was excellent service and he definitely kept his word. It was very relaxing to know that you were always going to have a lounger and umbrella. We did tip him but not because we felt obliged to - just because he was so nice and we wanted to. There were several stray dogs on the beach and they would try to come and lie underneath your lounger in the shade but mostly people shooed them away because they did look flea-ridden ! We realised after seeing the rest of the island that there are hundreds of dogs roaming around everywhere.As a Gold all-inclusive we wore an orange wrist band (not blue) so drinks at the bars were always premium brands and wines were better quality ones from different bottles.Back in our room to unpack and shower we realised how poor the air con was. The system just wasn't powerful enough for the size of the room and this persisted as a huge problem for us throughout our stay. It was impossible to sleep at night because of the high humidity and lack of cool air. The knock-on effect that this also had was to allow mosquitoes to thrive in the room. After our first night my husband woke up with 4 enormous mossie bites on his legs as he had slept 'on top of' rather than 'in' the bed. Within the first couple of days we had loads between us. I had to visit the nurse who said that the mossies were in the rooms and although we had asked to get the room sprayed she said that it was a waste of time. She also said that they often bit whilst you were sitting for meals because they were under the tables where it was dark. I did become rather freaked out by this as I have a medical condition which means that bites on my legs are REALLY bad news so I never relaxed after that either in the room or at meal times. The beach was the only place where I was comfortable. We did take extreme precautions in the room afterwards though and bought huge cans of aerosol bug killer and a plug-in mossie repellent and the nurse wrote down the name of a good local lotion to buy which I used liberally. The restaurants were all open-sided except for the Italian but there was never anyone in there so it lacked any atmosphere or ambience. We sat in the Patio restaurant for our meals and had the buffet on the first night but didn't think the food quality was very high. As we were Gold we were also able to choose anything from the al a carte menus at no extra cost so each night afterwards we did that. The atmosphere was nice in here and we found the food to be really good when selecting from the menus. The service was superb. The staff could not be faulted anywhere. We tipped frequently but only because the people were so pleasant and kind and helpful. I don't think we received better service because of it - the service was excellent anyway. I wouldn't have liked to have been selecting from the buffet every night - it would become repetetive I think. The biggest problem in the restaurants and lobby bar though was the intense heat and humidity. Obviously, that is not the fault of the hotel and is, in fact, why you want to be there on holiday in the first place, but the air con is non-existent in the public areas. There are only ceiling fans (which are not always switched on) and they do not do the job. We could only sit for a couple of drinks before wilting and heading off back to the room - only to wilt some more !Breakfast buffet was good and lunch buffet by the beach was OK. Mostly you don't need a lot at lunchtime anyway !As a previous reviewer has already stated, there was a huge group of young, single Russian guests there for a week and they did rather dominate all areas. There was a dress code for the restaurants at night but it wasn't really enforced by the staff except for one night when a young man came to dinner in his wet lycra swim trunks and nothing else ! They did give us a lot of entertainment value though ! There is a little general store across the road from the hotel and a market next door. The people here are lovely also - very friendly and happy.We walked to the Bali Collection one morning - it took about half an hour and was interesting because you got a look at the other hotels along the way. The Bali Collection is a kind of open air shopping mall. There are some good but very expensive shops there and there is a department store - SOGO - and a supermarket. We got the free shuttle bus back to the hotel.We went to Kuta one morning and the hotel concierge got us a taxi. We paid the concierge and it was $9 each way. The taxi was excellent. It had leather seats and brilliant air -con. I could have stayed in it to cool off all day !! The driver was called Di Di and he dropped us at Kuta Square and came back and picked us up at a time of our choice. We liked Kuta for shopping. There is a market where you can barter the stall-holders down. I don't like to do this because the prices seem so reasonable in the first place but my husband loves it so we got some really good bargains and had some fun with the locals as well ! Lots of fakes - bags, sunglasses, watches, shirts etc. and not all of them very good quality but VERY cheap ! The shops are good as well. Lots of surf gear - Billabong, Quiksilver etc. and some really good shoe shops at extremely reasonable prices. Large department store called Mata Hari was also well stocked and well priced.We wanted to see more of the island but didn't want an organised trip because they all seemed to visit the obligatory wood carving, silver and gold and batic craft places which we have seen countless times in other countries ! So we asked Di Di for a price to take us out for the day in his lovely cool taxi and for the equivalent of 拢40 including a good tip he picked us up and took us to the volcano with the lake in front, the traditional Bali villages, the terraced rice paddies and a temple. He then took us to Ubud and waited for as long as we wanted to there before ending up back at the Bali Collection where we needed to pick up a few things then back to the hotel. We had a brilliant day out and Bali is stunningly beautiful. The coastal region around Nusa Dua doesn't give any indication of the true beauty of the island so you MUST get out and see more !The weather was fantastic whilst we were there, even though it was still the rainy season. It was searingly hot every day and only rained twice during the evening at around 5 o'clock. Another great benefit of Gold was that you could get laundry done for no extra cost. We took advantage of this. Our clothes needed washing after each wearing because of the heat but the service was brilliant. They would collect in a morning and it woud be back in the room when we came in from the beach late afternoon. We also made good use of the soft drinks in the mini bar and the Cadburys chocolate in the fridge needed replenishing every day ! Peanuts and biscuits were also left for us in the room.We won't return here, mainly because of the mossies really, but also because there are other great places still to see. If you are booked to go then you will have a good time, but to make it that much better then splash out on the Gold upgrade - it really is worth it ! Any questions - please feel free to ask.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>eikendall
<Content>More Beautiful than the pictures on website, but.. My husband stayed here for 4 days from March 11-15 on our honeymoon. We were on a package tour with Smartours, and I was a little concerned about this hotel by pictures on the website. The hotel is absolutely georgeous!! The rooms are beautiful and spacious, alothough the pillows and sheet smell of mold, or mildew which was VERY unplesant. The staff was very curteous and prompt with any requests we had once we got there. There were a few problems though. I had emailed the hotel before our arrival to let them know it was our honeymoon, and arrange for special things the be inour room upon arrival. I emailed back and forth with Linda who is their sales manager and she said As your question about amenities for honeymooners can be provided free of charge as follows : fruit nasket, flowers and gift. Well upon arrival none of these things were in our room and they never appeared over the 4 days we were there. My husband I found out later had also been emailing the hotel and had tried to arrange to have our vows renewed on the beach. All the hotel could do was offer their large wedding package that cost $1,800. All he wanted was something simple, flowers, few tiki torches, and a minister or something like that. How in the world they could not figure out how to go out of the box and help him arrange that is amazing to me. He said he even tried again when we got there and again got no help. The slogon for the resort on every poster you see was Where anything is possible! HA!! On our first day there after a LONG full day tour of the island a few of us wentto hang out in the pool. It was 7pm. We went to the pool and everything was dark. We looked around for towels and could not find any. We finally found someone who worked at the pool and he said the pool closed at 8pm and there were no towels availabe aftter 7pm. WHAT??? One, why does the pool at a resort close so early, and two, why are there no towels available an hour before the pool closed? The food for breakfast was pretty good, but after being there a few days having the same thing every day got old. There also was not a lot of variety of food available to eat at the hotel, nor was it very good for the price. We often walked down the street to eat at a little restaurant or down the beach at one of the other hotels. There also ia absolutely NOTHING to do there at night. The pool closes early, there are no activities except to sit at the bar. We were SO bored and had to find other things to do outside of the hotel. We were hoping to be able to relax alot and just spend most of our time at the hotel, but there just were not the facilities to do that. They are great to drive you to places that you need to go, but charge WAY more then just catching a cab out on the street. My husband and I went just a mile or so to a little shopping village outside of the gates of Nusa Dua and they charged us $4. Our cab ride home cost $1. We also had them take us to Jimbaran Bay for $10. Again the cab ride home was $3. I know it is not a big deal for a few bucks, but still...I would have looked over the sheets, pool fiasco, etc, but it was our honeymoon and I wanted it to be special, as did my husband, and we are SO disappointed in the small things that just did not happen, and the innability to work out of the box to help my husband. I have worked in hotels for a few years and have been in the food service industry for over 10 years. Going the extra mile is what it is all about. There is no way I would have been able to keep my job at a hotel if I had told them there were not towels. I would have gone anywhere to have gotten the guests towles that they needed. And how do you NOT figure out away to help a guest with a request to renew their vows? Come on...  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>exploreredinburgh
<Content>good bad ugly We have just returned from a 2 week stay at the hotel melia benoa. We found the staff very helpful and efficient. the standard of the rooms were not 5* however comfortable and cleaned daily .The food was not of 5*quality except for breakfast which was good.Unfortunately on our second week the hotel was very busy with the arrival of a large group of 18 to 30 ,we found it difficult to use the pool and also the bar as they completly took over these areas .However we travelled a long way for this dream holiday and we refused to let this group turn our dream into a nightmare WE WON as we had a great time . A word of warning if you are going fully inclusive stick to the blue band as what they are charging for gold band its not worth it.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>GLOBETROTTINGGIRLUK
<Content>Great Place And Would Love To Go Back Stayed here for a week during August and it was the first time my partner and i had been to Indonesia.Really enjoyed our time. It is a beautiful hotel!!!On arriving at Denpasar Airport you have to get your visas sorted and queue for what seems like ages. Maybe an hour we were standing there but it is all worth it when you see the hotel! The pool with its swim up bar is great, the cocktails were good and you could not fault the bar tenders. They were overally friendly and could not do enough for you.The food was excellent! Lots of choice and on some evenings they did themed nights and bbq's. Breakfast was superb as they cater for everyone. You could have cereal, toast, pastries, english breakfast or opt for noodles ..etc!!! The pool area tends to be quite shaded as it is surrounded by palm trees so if you really are a sun seeker you would be better off on the beach which is literally a stones through away. The beach never gets too busy and you will always get a sunbed. Towels are supplied too so dont worry about taking your own.The beach is nice. I honestly thought it would have been slightly more tropical looking but it is quite big and not over crowded. The ocean is not as clear as say the Carribean Sea and it did get rather windy on a few of the days we went. No problem to us though as we just went back to the pool, literally a 1 min walk.The hotel does lack evening entertainment but we found this no problem as you can either chat with other guests, like we did as we met a number of friendly people or settle for a few cocktails in one of the bars if you want a quiet evening.One night they put on a themed evening with BBQ which basically was based around their culture and religion. Very good!The standard rooms are very clean and of a nice size. Daily, the maid would leave us fresh fruit or lay a flower on our pillows. Lovely touch!!All staff we came across were friendly and willing to assist with anything. Def opt to do the tours that the hotel offers, i think through Asian Trails as they are well worth the money and when we went out we were the only two people with our driver and guide. The trip to a traditional Balinese house is well worthwhile and so is visiting a temple.The weather was good, approx 80 degrees daily but it does get dark early this time of year, by 5.30pm it will be pitch black.Overall it was a great hotel with great people in a great country and we would happily go back again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Warnerfilms
<Content>It is still great Returned for my 60th birthday with my wife and 2 of my sons after staying for a couple of days last October. The staff gave the same excellent service and treated us like royalty. We opted for the Gold band which gave us the run of the hotel's restaurants and bars which was very handy for my sons who are young men and partial to a drink or two. We didn't need to put our hands in our pockets for any food or drinks during our stay and gave our sons more scope for shopping outside. There are stalls near the hotel that sells clothes and souvenirs. Right opposite the hotel is a small minimart where you can buy essential foods and drinks if needed. The hotel is a very traditional hotel, a bit old but very clean and the rooms are quite spacious. We had a suite as part of the Gold band, and we were able to get free laundry every day, which my wife thought was great so we didn't take a pile of dirty washing home. You can also get room service with food and drinks as part of the gold and you get reserved loungers which we organised for the beach and avoided the annoying lounge reservers. The food is excellent in all restaurants and the Italian is air-conditioned which is a bit more up market and you can order lobster if you have the gold band. We had a fantastic time and are planning to return agin soon.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darc17
<Content>Great 4 star hotel for honeymoon We stayed here July 05 for our honeymoon. We stayed in an Executive room which is worth the extra money. The weather was great but you couldn't really sunbathe after 4.30, which was a little disappointing, but we just headed to the bar instead! The pool area is completely is shade, so if you want to sunbathe you will need to head to the beach.The staff are very friendly and super efficient. The food was good but after 2 weeks All Inclusive it becomes very boring. They really could do with jazzing the menu up. However, the food itself was delicious and no real complaints about it. It would be better if the hotel had more than 1 Al La Carte restaurant, however, the one they do have is good. I would recommend the Lobster. I had never tried it before and was a little unsure if I would actually like it. However, they serve it was a delicicious spice on top. Delicious! The hotel has no real entertainment, but do make an effort with local dancing etc.We really enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Esteven
<Content>Nice stay, but not 5* as on website       beach  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>Jones66
<Content>Loved the Melia Benoa       Wayan at the Volcano  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>emeraldgang
<Content>A holiday to remember We stayed at the Melia Benoa for 7 nights on our return from Perth,Australia. It was everything we hoped it would be and more.... We booked the Grand Suite with all inclusive blue package and were not disappointed. The suite was beautiful and the staff ensured it was kept clean and well supplied throughout our stay. I would recommend the grand suite for families or couples but not for those with small children as there are too many opportunities for climbing and it could be quite dangerous for a small child. The hotel staff were delightful, courteous and friendly. Breakfast and lunch was excellent and dinner was very good but I would not like to eat in the hotel restaurant every evening if staying for two weeks as it was quite limited. As non-seafood eaters we were also a little disappointed with the alternatives available on the one evening that the hotel served seafood.We took the explorer trip to visit the rain forest and it was a wonderful experience. Lunch in the canopy of the jungle can't be surpassed - one of the highlights of our trip. A trip to one of the larger temples is a must.Bali and the Melia Benoa is definitely on our agenda for next year.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrbaldy
<Content>great hotel with a few wee problems Upon arriving at melia benoa we wer greated with lovely fresh fruit drinks and friendly staff which was nice. Quick check in and we upgraded to blue all inclusive(we had orig booked bed and breakfast).We got a lovely room on 1st floor near the pool(rm 8057) they are spacious and clean and everything you need.Pool and surrounding area was lovely except for the pool area toilets. They stink bigtime and are in serious need of updating. I suggest you wear flip flops if you are going to use them.We tended to walk back to our room for the loo. The food was ok, Nothing special but for the price we paid we would have expected alot more.The italian restuarant is ok but they are very odd about it. It was always empty and if u tried to walk in they would say........o sorry you have to book! we just laughed and said are you kidding and point out the place is empty and they tend to scratch there heads and say o we will try to fit you in lol.Bar staff are great especially Dewa at the pool bar. The pool bar supervisor is a grumpy git. He never smiles and never says thankyou...not sure of his name but you will no who it is once you meet him by my discription.The spa is ok but they will torture u and torture u and torture you but if you do decide to go for a massage etc. bargain thenm down.my wife and i got a package which should have cost 120 dollars ........we got it for 80. One tip i have to say about the place. If you are all inclusive and u meet up with anyone thats not all inclusive, then prepare to be watched constantly. We met up with lovely peopl that were bed and breakfast..i got a few drinks at the bar and came back to them and the supervisore ran up to me saying i cant give them that drink.i pointed out that i have prepaid for all my food and drink and if i decide to throw my drink away then its up to me etc etc.they stood over us demandidng that the bed and brekfast guests ordered there own drinks and signed immediately for them., They were so rude and would stand over us untill they gt a signature. The entertainment at the complex is not great. same old same old. I do reccommend going onto the beach......take a right turn and walk for about 15 mins to the IKAN restaurant and bar at the westin hotel. The food is absolutely gorgeous the staff are amazing and the entertainment is truely amazing.The atmosphere in the place is lovely and a good night out for 2 with full meals wine and lots to drink would cost no more than 2 million rupei which i think is about 100 gbp.Word of warning about Bali in general is prepare to be tortured by beggars constantly no matter were you go and it actually ruined most of our hols there. It got to the point were my wife cried as they mob you and grab you and shout and shout and try to intimiadte you bigtime. This happened at kuta at volcano at temple at elephants in the taxis in the restuarants absolutely everywere and all i can say is the people have definatley scarred us off coming back. Yes i know they are maybe starving but by doing this they are making matters worse for tourism and i spoke to a few peeps who had same views. Bali is a beautiful place and dont get us wrong we loved our time there and made our own fun but we would have loved somone to prepare us for the constant begging and i think we could have dealt with it better.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L16gsy
<Content>5 Star enjoyment Part of the package was being picked up from the airport, which was great, and then a half hour drive to the resort.Quickly booked in and the bags taken to the room, which was spacious with a nice clean bathroom and small but functional balcony.All the meals were good and a show on the lawn each night which was local and topical and a BBQ to accompany it. All the food was to a high standard, same goes for the hotel staff. Nothing seems to be too much trouble for they, a big smile all the time from everyone makes this a perfect and relaxing holiday.The pool was great, the drinks from the pool bar just keep on flowing and if you just want to laze around all day and get a tan - that's OK as there are lots of pool loungers and lots of sun beds on the private beach.We upgraded to the Grand Suite when we had a surprise visit from our daughter who was still on her backpacking world trip, and wow, what a room, double hight ceiling, twin balconies, what a fab appartment, and right next to the spa, where we had a nice massage on a couple of occasions.We took a trip around the island, visited a silver jewelery factory and shop, a monkey sanctuary and the elephant ride was fun. Had lunch by the volcano's and went shopping in Kuta and Denpasser.So overall, a fun packed break which was as busy or as relaxing as you wanted to make it.The resort is worth it's 5 stars, would I go back there? Indeed I would. If you are thinking about going there - think no longer and just book it, you wont regret it!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fiveways6
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Sunset on the west coast  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AustraliaNannyJan
<Content>SISTERS WEDDING       My sis and I and our partners and Bradley  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DorsetCheeky_monkey
<Content>Great honeymoon destinantion I have decided to write this as there wasn't much feed back on this hotel when we had booked it or the area.We stayed 3 nights in singapore and then went onto Bali for 7 nights for our honeymoon. We arrived in the evening. We had a car take us to the hotel and they were very freindly. When we arrived at the hotel they were all very kind, we were greated by a cool juice drink and a cool towel, it was just what we needed. They escourted us to our room and it was lovely. We did not know about tipping but after reading some information we knew we should have tipped them. They do say when you arrive any drinks in the room or the mini bar are to be charged, but the water by your sink is free. We hardly spent anything on the mini bar but nice to know it is there just in case.The hotel was lovely, we went straight to the buffet as we were quite hungry. It was lovely we were sat down by the beach and they had nice music playing in the background. The bar was very friendly and you knew you could just sit back and relax with a drink. The next morning we had breakfast which had a variety of things. It does get the same everyday though. We headed to the beach where we wanted a sun lounger, there was none left and this was only 10am. They tend to reserve sunloungers for everybody. This was a lesson to us as there wasn't even any around the pool, we knew we had to get up early to reserve a lounger. If you are going for the gold package you are fine as you have loungers reserved for you but that is about the only extra for gold packages. The food in the evening was very much the same every night in the buffett. You can go to the main restaurant and they can give you a menu which has burgers and chips, or spag bol, the basics which you have at home, but can break up your week from eating buffett all the time. There is walsy food avalible, they do lunch which is buffett and is very nice. They always do snaacks around the pool in the afternoon so you can never really go hungry. The italian restaurant is very nice and I would recommend going there as it is peaceful and feels more like a restaurant.We did 2 trips while staying, we wanted to go and ride an elephant. I would totally recommend this, we had the best time and it was very much enjoyable and you just do everything at your own leisure. We also did a trip to the volcano. This consisted of having your own driver and rep for the day. They took us to a balinese show, wood caving, temples, artwork, coffee and spice plantation and gold and silver making places. They are very helpful and will take you to wherever you want to go. If you go to these you do feel you have to buy something, but things are so cheap over there you don't mind spending money. Plus always barter with them, give them a ridiculous price, they always match it. It was very intersting to get out of the resort and see how they really live, it brings things back to home of how lucky we really are.The money in bali is so cheap. You think you are dealing with big amounts because the Rupiah is delt with in such large amounts. On one of the trips we both had a meal and a bottle of water which came to 50,000.00 Rupiah, this equated to about 拢2.80, so cheap and it was good food.The hotel overall is very nice, everybody is very friendly and they will always help you. The food can get a bit boring but I think you will always find that with buffett, but try the other restaurants to get a variety. The pool area is immaculate, they are always cleaning and keeping everything tidy. The beach is very tidal. In the afternoon the sea was mostly always out. You could watch it coming in but it was still very shallow just to paddle in. You do have water sports included and we wish we did something but it is all to hand and they show you what to do.I would say this is more of a pool holiday as the area is beautiful and you can just sit in the pool bar. For our honeymoon this was very exotic and we would recommend it to any other honeymooners looking for a beautiful country and friendly place.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>abcrios
<Content>Perfect hotel, Perfect price!!! (sorry about my english)I found this hotel at trip Advisor link with Rates to go.comI was surprised about the price,and I wonder where is the trickNo trick!My reservation was perfect,the price was without any small letter,and the hotel perfect, and CHEAP!Thank you very much to Trip Advisor.It is perfect,and work ok!Gonzalo Rios,MD.Montevideo-Uruguay  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>oscarEssex
<Content>excellent hotel We stayed here for 5 days on the way back from Australia. An excellent hotel to relax. Greeted  made welcome on arrival. Room clean  functional. Pool great. Beach great. Good selection of food available. Had the perfect spa treatment very reasonably priced. Staff really friendly. Would return again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsdoubtfireScotland
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Manta Point, Bali  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twinklation1980
<Content>Fantastic just back from an excellent two week stay at melia benoa. we actually booked the holiday a year ago after researching the area and were not disappointed.The hotel itself is beautiful and spacious, inkeeping with the balinese culture rather than catering for the western world which was refreshing. we upgraded our room to the deluxe suite for $30 a night and it was HUGE! The beach was slightly disappointing, lots of coral and ugly when the tide was out but the pool was only 20m away so it wasnt a problem. When the tide was in, no problem-a beautiful view. Other reviews had said that the watersports were excessive, but i wouldnt agree.Only annoyance was the sunbed warfare! People would put towels on loungers at 6am in the morning and return to the beach mid-afternoon. On the occassions when there werent any beds available, the staff would find you some.The food was great. Lots of choice and the drinks plentiful and strong.Ventured out and about, always taking a taxi from outside the hotel as it was considerably cheaper.there were bigger and beautiful hotels around the area, however they were 2/3 times the price. if you want a relaxing holiday in a beautiful hotel then melia benoa is the place for you.we would definately go back!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Tapani
<Content>Minor problem first but later a very pleasant stay Had booked a dlx double room at Melia Benoa on BB basis for 8 nights and on arrival were given a room above the restaurant which was not what we wanted so refused to take that room. Felt very disappointed, but the front office staff sorted things out quickly and got another room which was better. Liked the interior a lot but found the bathroom design strange and the bathtub very slippery. Moreover, room cleaning varied from excellent to almost non-existent although the hotel was not full. And we tipped the maid the first day like we always do to avoid disappointment!Loved the Asian options at breakfast (no bacon  eggs nor bread  jam for us in Bali, thank you very much!!!) but cannot comment on the all-inclusive as we were on BB only. The staff were brilliant and we liked the guest mix very much: Asians, Australians and Europeans.Found the location good for long walks either on the beach or the surroundings and transport to other parts of Bali was very easily available. But the best thing were the people of Bali - thank you for a memorable holiday!!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>MrJRKnight
<Content>Best hotel i have ever stopped in       rice feilds  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovesdason
<Content>Loved the Melia Benoa Scoured the web for a hotel in Bali. We wanted one in the quiet, sheltered Nusa Dua area but didn't want to pay a lot for a 5 star. Stumbled on the Agoda website offering the Melia Benoa for a lot less than any other company. Reviews of this hotel seemed good so we took a chance and booked. We were not disappointed! The hotel is comfortable, clean, and pretty. The beach and pool were always clean and had plenty of loungers available. The breakfast buffet included in our price, had a terrrifc variety. The dinner buffet was disappointing and we were glad we didn't buy the all-inclusive. The grounds are beautiful studded with palms and plumeria trees. There's a serene fountain area in front of the patio restaurant featuring water lillies, bromeliads and orchids. Pink bouganvillas drape around the room balconies. The sunrises are spectacular. You can take a cab to Kuta or Jimbaran about 45 minutes away to watch the sunsets or surf. There's too many hawkers there however. We enjoyed the quiet beach at Melia Benoa and those in front of the other beaches in the Nusa Dua area. There's a really nice beach walkway/path which connects all the hotels. Visit the blowhole on one of the promontories; it's spectacular.You don't have to be an all-inclusiver to participate in the fun activities at the Melia Benoa. Our teenagers enjoyed archery, shooting, chess, beach volleyball, darts and pingpong.Do eat at Bumbu Bali or Seafood Warung (same owner). They're really close to Melia Benoa and you can call them for a ride.A friend recommended us an excellent and economical taxi service. Our driver, Mardi picked us up from the airport for free. He brought his laptop to the hotel the next day to show us pictures of all the sites we could choose to see. Together we planned a fun day of sightseeing: touring the greenest paddy fields, visiting local artisans, viewing a spectacular volcano and lake, lunching Bali style on a rooftop restaurant - sitting on cushy pillows round a low table. We ended the trip at a black sand beach where our teens played soccer with the locals. Mardi waited patiently till they were exhausted just wanting us to have a good time. He even invited us to his own home for dinner the next day. His young son performed a beautiful dance in full costume and the food was deliciously Balinese. Call Mardi at 081 2391 2108 (cell) or 0361-775550. You may want to take the white water rafting trip. We almost did but were so relaxed at the Melia Benoa, we scrapped the idea.We tried snorkeling in the calm water of our hotel at high tide. We didn't see any fish. At low tide you can walk on the reed and examine critters like sea urchins and crabs. Wear beach shoes. We took a taxi to the Benoa harbor to catch a boat out to turtle island and to try some offshore snorkeling. There were a lot more fish but too many waves. Turtle island was a small reserve for turles and a handful of other creatures like stingrays and snakes and a falcon. It was just OK! The water sports like snorkeling, parasailing, jet skiing and banana boat rides are probably the cheapest anywhere in the world. You can even do that outside the Melia Benoa. Our son learnt to ski and hired a surfboard for half a day at Kuta (where the waves are high) for a steal (after bargaining ofcourse)!If you like a good massage, Bali's the place for you. The hotel spas charge a lot. Just outside the Melia Benoa are some local women who will let you bargain for an equally relaxing massage. We enjoyed talking with them and getting to know them.The only thing I hated about our room (8182) is that the bathroom smelled bad, possibly because of a bad drain vent. We had rented 2 rooms and the one next door did not have that problem. I should have moved but didn't want the trouble of moving us all. The staff brought us some aerosol spray to keep the bathroom smelling nice but each time we flushed we had to spray!The best thing about the Melia Benoa is their service. We arrived late at night and needed extra pillows and drinking water. We got them in about 5 minutes. The waiters in the restaurant, the towel guy at the pool, and the activity crew were always so helpful and amiable.There's only one show at the Melia Benoa and there's Karaoke most nights. So if you like the night life, you may want to go to Jimbaran. The Melia Benoa is rather laid back - just the way we wanted!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>happyh0lidaymakers
<Content>great hotel Just returned from 10nts at The Melia Benoa with my husband.Great time to go as perfect hot weather and hotel very quiet so never had to worry about getting a lounger by the pool or beach and never had to worry about reserving a table in the restaurants.3 restaurants to chose from 2 of which buffet and 1 Italian Al a carte. All great food, buffet did get bit repetitive at times although good quality and didnt get upset stomach once.Staff all helpful, although did get somebody everyday going round the pool trying to get you to have a massage in the spa.Spa prices very reasonable and would recommend.There is local entertainment most evenings although we tended just to relax in the bar after our meal. Lovely pool area although unless your in the pool none of the loungers tend to get much sun for a long time because of all the trees. Beach is a suntrap although was very windy.Not the best beach ive ever been on and did get lots of seaweed. Plenty of watersports available from kayaks, windsurfing, paragliding, jet skiing, banana boats etc.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>NieceEngland
<Content>A true welcome This hotel was so welcoming. Every member of the staff did all they could to make our stay truly memorable. Ocka, out waiter, deserves special mention. He never forgot our names or what we liked to drink. We went on the AI scheme and a word to anyone else going. We thought at first that we were limited to the evening buffet but in fact we could order from tha A la Carte menu. This is far superior to the buffet, which could be a litle disapointing.It is also worth mentioning that all the local taxi drivers will take you on the same guided trips as the travel agents for about half the price, and very good they are too,We had and executive room which was almost like a ballroom in size. It was very clean but cupboard space is very limited and the beds not up to 5 or even 4 star for comfort.Overall, this is a great way to spend 4 or 5 days but I think we would have become a little bored if we had stayed any longer  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>DawnH
<Content>Loved it, want to go back! This hotel was fantastic. We stayed in 'low season' and the hotel wasreasonably quiet but the staff were so attentive. The food and drink were delicious and this was the first hollday overseas where I have not experienced an upset stomach! We were originally booked into B and B but upgraded to AI for 拢25.00 per person per day. The room was lovely and spacious. In the evenings it was quiet and wetended to have a drink in the lobby bar after dinner and then an early night. There is an art market next door to the hotel. The people who sell atthese stalls do want you to look BUT they are very persistent for a sale so unless you are patient, don't go down there!The beach was nice, a little weedy when the tide was out but we stayed by the pool area which was shady. Swim up bar was a bonus. Thegrounds were also immaculate!We visited Kuta but experienced the pushy sales pitch again so headedhome. Great if you like this but we like to look in peace.We had a lovely massage at the hotel spa 拢12.00 each for a hour massage, jacuzzi, sauna and foot massage but even then the spa receptionist was trying to sell us speedboat rides whilst we were having a cup of tea after our massage!!!I would love to go back here simply to be in the hotel, the staff were wonderful especially Dewar, Martini, Norman. I nearly cryed whenI left!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ticketsplease
<Content>fantastic we stayed at the Meliabenoa all inclusive nusa dua for ten days in June2007 . this was our 3rd visit to bali and compare this to kuta or sunur this place tops the lot the staff were great survice excellent june is the best time to go as the wheather is perfect and not so many tourist .There was everythig we needed right next to our hotel so we did'nt have to go to the busy place kuta . The food was very good,with 3 restaurants to chose from. I recomend a hoilday to bali for the place is great and the people are so friendly. Lover of bali. [--]  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>etm
<Content>FANTASTIC!!!!!!! We've just returned from the Melia Benoa after a fantastic two weeks of relaxation! I have never relaxed and enjoyed a holiday so much as this. The flight is a bit long but well worth it. The staff are great, cant do enough for you and after our first night we would walk into the bar or restaurant and the staff would know what we drank. Nada in the bar is lovely and so are the day entertainment staff - Sueta, they made my sons holiday. I was woried he's 11 and there were no other children but he had the best time ever. We met WAYAN on the beach outside the hotel who arranged a private taxi for the three of us for a full day for 拢30 - well worth it, he advised us where to go and just drove us there. The food was great, ok the room could have done with a lick of paint but realistically when your at a place as wonderful as Bali you really don't need to spend time in the room. The grounds at the hotel are spectacular and the gardeners do a fab job of maintaining them to such a high standard. All in all it was great and will definetely go back!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>solitaire1
<Content>Fabulous,very enjoyable holiday       Beach Melia Benoa  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>desertdave
<Content>Really Enjoyed Ourselves       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lospil
<Content>amazing hotel, perfect for any holiday/ honeymoon we have just returned from bali for ten days for our honeymoon and have to say that the melia benoa hotel was a perfect choose. the staff ( dewa, chocolate and natalia ) made our holiday so much fun, everyone in bali and this hotel are so friendly they made our stay very special and we will definately be returning soon. the hotel is very nice and although some parts need to be updated slightly, in whole the hotel is brilliant. my husband and I are very picky eaters but found plenty of food to eat whilst at the hotel, of which was very good quality. bali is a beautiful place to visit and you will never be bored as there is so much to see. you do have to be careful with taxi drivers and get a price before you get in but they are all polite and very helpful. we could not have asked for a better honeymoon and have already started saving for our next visit. if you would like to go for a day trip then talk to wayan who can be found on the beach at the front of the hotel. he took us all around bali and told us lots of the history of the island. he is alot cheaper than booking through your tour operater and will take you to all the places you want to see. you will find that on the beach there are alot of people trying to sell you clothes, jewellery etc and they will follow you but if you are not interested then you have to just tell them no and carry on walking. when we arrived we found these people and the people in the art market very hard to say no to but they will understand if you do not buy anything. we recommend that if you are considering a holiday then you should try this hotel as you will not be dissappointed. we really enjoyed our honeymoon and cant wait to get back there.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>limetreeboy
<Content>great time at melia benoa just returned today from 16 nights at this hotel great  THESTAFF make this hotel what it is. all inclusive does have its critics but this hotel is as good as it gets . we loved it !! a small critism would be lack of entertainment in evening but there is plenty in bali to occupy you. so thanks again to MELIA BENOA BALI for a great holiday  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenhenbury
<Content>fantastic holiday We normally go to the carribbean/mexico but for our 20th wedding anniversary we decided to go east and picked the Melia Benoa based on other reviews, price and location. It was fantastic!!! Check in was phenomonaly easy, seated in the reception area being serenaded by the welcome girls. We were then taken to a lovely room with fab sea views (just seen through the trees) and a view of the pool. The food was ok, although the a la carte was very very good, but we discovered a great restaurant just down the road who (get this!) will send a car for you if you get the hotel to book. Its called Bombu Bali and well worth a visit!Although we went all inclusive, it would have been cheaper to have it on B  B breakfast, because a two course meal in Nusa Dua with beer was about 拢9 for the two of us. That said, not having to worry about money in the hotel was great, and Martini, the waitress/barmaid in the lobby bar was wonderful. Once we'd ordered our drinks the 1st time, we never had to ask again and she remembered what we were drinking, getting it ready every evening as we came into the bar. We booked tours through the Thomas Cook rep, who pushed for us to pay extra for private escorts - don't pay this, as 9 times out of 10 you get a car and a driver to yourself anyway. We tipped quite well the first time and subsequently got the same pair every time. The temples are fabulous and we saw a balinese funeral which was very interesting. If you do nothing else go to Tanah Lot at sunset - indescribably beautiful and go see the giant bats!The staff were simply the best I've ever encountered and so helpful its amazing. The guests are mixed, mainly europeans, but there were a few aussies and indians there as well.When we went into Kuta, the shopkeepers were so grateful to see us and were persistent without being too pushy. We went a few months after the latest bombings, and one shop we went into to buy a few souvenirs, couldn't make change as she hadn't sold anything in days. The change was only about a 拢1 equivalent but she wouldn't accept just keeping it, we had to take goods to make up the value, they are so proud.Will defo being going back there are some point, and I heartily recommend this to anyone wanting a peaceful and relaxing holiday with plenty of sun.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RobinHoodNottingham
<Content>Daughters wedding        wedding 2006  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>troodaki
<Content>nusa is fantastic We have just returned from the melia nusa dua, despite being worried by the reviews of damp at the hotel , we were very happy and although a slight smell was apparent the first day this soon dissipated and was fine.The hotel is fabulous we could not fault it , grounds amazing, one small gripe is the price of food and drinks but this is easily overcome by buying your beer and soft drinks outside and keeping them in your room fridge , the local restaurants all pick up free. Found a really good spa see Spa Sekar Jagat info@bali-massage.com excellent massages we had one every day! ,The owners Jurgen and Indri are the best hosts and the Mango smoothies are to die for, ask for the Spa package the day you arrive to recover from the flight and prep the skin for sunbathing.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyingScots123
<Content>The stars are the staff Stayed in an executive room at the Melia Benoa for 3 weeks in October/November 2006. We enjoyed our stay very much with the following reservations. The hotel falls a little short of deluxe standard. For example, some of the the rooms are a little tired and could certainly benefit from more cupboard space, the air conditioning toils a bit, and the food, whilst quite acceptable, becomes samey after a while. However, there are several positives. The room was large, the gardens beautifully kept, the view from the beach fantastic and the facilities good. The jewel in the crown is undoubtedly the staff. They are all extremely friendly, helpful, jolly and efficient - truly a credit to the hotel industry.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sazste
<Content>brilliant hotel       beach area  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssanjay_99
<Content>Ordinary Experience Hi,My wife and myself spend 3 nights at the Melia Benoa, Bali in April 2006. While we loved Bali, the hotel left a lot to be desired. The room was damp and after complaining, we got a change in room which was marginally better. The choice of foods was minimal, especially if you are a vegetarian.The pool area was ok. The people are generally warm. Suggest looking at staying in the hotels in the proper Nusa Dua area the enxt time  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>KathyLynn
<Content>Fabulous Bali Hotel!!!! I stayed at the Melia Benoa All Inclusive for two nights. I wish it could have been two weeks! This is a fabulous Balinese hotel, and I loved it! For a really nice holiday, pay a little more, and get the gold package. The room was lovely, the food and drinks were great, and the service was first rate! This would be a fantastic hotel for a family. Since it鈥檚 all inclusive, everything is paid for (room, meals, snacks, and drinks). Some packages also include massages, and they are absolutely incredible! Bali is one of my most favorite places in the world, and the Melia Benoa helped me have a perfect holiday.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mitzymorris
<Content>not a negative word to say! loved it! stayed at the melia benoa for 5 nights and wish it had been for longertruely haven t got a bad word to say.the room was big and spacious and clean we overlooked the garden /dining area.food was lovely with different specialities every day with snacksone particular night we was watching the world cup england game and about 1am we was all starving. we asked the chef if he could make us a snack. bless him half an hr later he came to us with a 5 tier blt sandwich with all the trimmings and big plate of chips we only meant some crisps or simple sandwich!we had a couple massage when we got there as they had a special offer on as the hotel was so quiet. it inc shared jacuzzi, sauna, massage inc body scrub, shower and then shared bath with herbal tea was heaven! and only cost 拢30!! what a bargain!there is not a lot to do outside the hotel so i recommend a trip. we did the elephant tour which we loved! takes about an hour to get there though on sometimes very bumpy road but you get to see balinese people at work and socialising. the elephant trip was a bit nerve racking at first as you are obviously high up! but when get used to it its so much fun and the tour guides are great, and like to use there english on you! they have entertainment about 3 x week which is ok, a bit amauterish but they try!overall loved this holiday and would defo go back!e mail me if you have any q  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Barony
<Content>Loved the Melia Benoa My family spent the vacation on July, 2006 and we enjoy very much staying in Melia Benoa. From the first we came, we had the arrival dancing in the hotel lobby. The service is excellent, the food/meals are tremendous. But, we had the room which the balcon is in front of the art shops, means we have a less privacy. The beach is good, and so the pool. I would recommend this hotel to you and in fact we are planned to stay in Melia Benoa for our next vacation in next year.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandm32
<Content>go and enjoy my wife and I have travelled the world and the staff at the melia where we stayed in january 2006 were the most friendly and polite we have ever met.From THE beach staff, puji at the reception, (who will go out of her way to help you to enjoy yourselfs) the barstaff and the chefs.The list should go on but go and see for yourself....enjoy bali.Michael and Margaret Grieves.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lewis3188
<Content>stunning       Outside restaurant  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed here for our Honeymoon and was lovely all the staff could not do enough for you. Room was very spacious and clean, bathrooms where bit dated but nothing to worry about. Only thing that we found a problem for us was that there was no sun around the pool it was always shaded so had to go on the beach everyday to get the sun, but if you like the beach then you will be fine. Shopping is brillant we went into Kuta mainly had skirts, shirts, boots and leather jackets made, also got DVD's for 80p each plus lots of Ralph Lauren clothes as loads of outlets there because they have a factory on the island.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bellachop
<Content>Fantasic Hotel   showReview(3927328, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Magical   showReview(3403351, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great holiday   showReview(3394152, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>verda
<Content>Melia Bali Resort   showReview(3293270, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Outside restaurant area next to the beach  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gp171080
<Content>Excellent Hotel - highly recommended!!   showReview(3084665, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful food; there are better resorts   showReview(2817099, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nonomitch
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(2686707, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Picturesque   showReview(2458384, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Annette105
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(2431449, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JORGEJAVIER
<Content>luna de miel en Bali       habitacion melia benoa  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>FrenchTravelers_21
<Content>Pas trop mal, mais ...       La mer (basse)  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	4	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel 脿 taille humaine 脿 Bali   showReview(11418982, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastico   showReview(5465220, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aconsajable Hotel   showReview(4998872, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉屻偟銉夈偉銈伄鍖楅杸銈掕秺...   showReview(19918287, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

